














dave's travel corner - seeing the world one step at a time












































 















 



x




get free email updates


sign up








dave's travel cornerseeing the world one step at a time 

home
blog
guides
journals
photos
videos
links
interviews
about








a whirlwind week in hanoi, hoi an, and da nang, vietnam
vietnam was a country i was both excited about and scared of. i was afraid of what its citizens would think of me, having read one too many blog … [read more] 









la carmina – blogger, author, journalist and tv host
la carmina is a multi-talented lifestyle blogger, tv host and an author of 4 books including the upcoming “the little book of satanism: a guide … [read more] 









three days in laos
day 1
greetings all from the heart of laos! i'm writing from vang vieng, sort of a gimmelwald of laos... in other words the laotian version of … [read more] 









cruising alaska’s inside passage with holland america: helicopter ride + dog mushing on norris glacier, juneau
arguably this experience is one of the most memorable on shore excursions offered by holland america on a visit to alaska's inside passage. i … [read more] 









in love with pint-sized andorra
we stood on the rocky outcrop above the tiny parking lot next to the consul generals office in old andorra la vella and heard the distinctive … [read more] 









unusual, odd, uncomfortable or unique stays
recently i spent a miserable night on the island of trinidad in a hot vehicle parked in the rainforest with the windows cracked to get some air … [read more] 









the land of fire and ice
i don't know how many times i have flown between europe and north america and each time, about halfway over the north atlantic, glanced down on a … [read more] 









fiji: still the cannibal isles
my strange fascination with cannibalism began while i was studying history in graduate school. in a book whose title i have since forgotten … [read more] 









unwind & dine on the shores of anguilla, a experiential & culinary guide to the island
the tiny island of anguilla is approximately 16 miles in length (26km) by about 3 miles (5km) wide. you come here to unwind, to relax and to … [read more] 









los angeles, ca – museums
we have personally visited & reviewed the following 130+ los angeles and orange county museums. we spend a lot of time in the city of angels, … [read more] 









an introduction to saskatoon, saskatchewan: culture, food & attractions
when one thinks of canadian cities, iconic urban destinations quickly come to mind such as toronto, montreal, quebec and vancouver. saskatoon is … [read more] 









nepal – the trek
this is a short story about a 12 day trek i took in the himalayas. this was the trip that turned me on to international travel and was the direct … [read more] 









wine tasting in myanmar
when traveling abroad, i always seek out wineries whenever possible. to some, going wine tasting in myanmar might be somewhat of a surprise - an … [read more] 









finding inspiration (and lots of fish) at waterfall resort, alaska
52-acres of wilderness await guests at waterfall resort - a private fishing lodge located on prince of wales island near alaska's inside passage. … [read more] 









the power & beauty of sub saharan africa
upon finalizing my flights to south africa from bangkok, i told a good friend who has traveled extensively in africa that i would kiss the … [read more] 









above the cloudsko lan getaway: a weekend of sun, sand, and crowdswaiting until the last minute and short on some upcoming vacation time, i scored what i thought was a bargain, at a room located next to the beach on … [more]view all above the clouds
journalsbest 5 st. thomas beaches (how to maximize your visit)intro
what better way to spend a vacation than to be relaxing on a beautiful beach in st. thomas in the u.s virgin islands (usvi.) i can’t think of a … [more]view all journals

guidesarequipa, peruarequipa is often referred to as the white city due to the white washed look of its buildings (made from sillar, the spanish name for the volcanic … [more]view all guides
press releasesmyrtle beach: a family-friendly destination with...explore myrtle beach, the ultimate spot for sun, sand, and smiles
myrtle beach, south carolina - (february 10, 2025) – people love visiting myrtle … [more]view all press releases
highlight of the monthkehrwieder chocolaterie & cafe tallinn estonia -...kehrwieder chocolaterie & cafe is located in the heart of tallinn, estonia at saiakang 1 (raekoja plats). this "medieval" style cafe is situated on a … [more]view all highlight of the month
book reviewslifeline to marionette by jennifer waittethis novel is takes place in aspen, co and is centered around a life of a high profile model who professionally is seemingly at the peak of her … [more]view all book reviews
travel productsget better connected with ‘game-changing’...a few weeks ago i was invited to test ‘drive’ a new luggage set which was sold to me as being a ‘game-changer’ for families and frequent fliers!
i … [more]view all travel products
interviewsjackson doktok, chairman of palau visitors authoritypalau is a stunning archipelago consisting of over 500 islands. thousands of visitors come to this beautiful micronesian nation every year to enjoy a … [more]view all interviews
latest videos




youtube video vvvgmvnqquduatr3m3z4wtvrthhhvej3lk15qnmtddn0sjbv




 


















 















 















 















 















 















 




 


load more...




 
subscribe            




view all videosfeatured photos 
eastern-sierra-mammoth-lakes

















image				1				of				132			

eastern sierra lake, east of mammoth lakes



view larger slideshow  |  view all photosdestination spotlightsbangkok, thailand
magical maui
raleigh, north carolina
jamaica magic
sundarbans bangladesh
mt. rainier wa
esotouric, los angeles
singapore sightseeing

the official wine club of the napa wine project!your personal membership to thefinest napa valley artisan wineries.

 
follow @davedtc



get free email updates ▶

 
submit an article

categories
categories
select category
above the clouds  (614)
   africa  (54)
   antarctica  (6)
   asia  (138)
   australia  (19)
   caribbean  (45)
   europe  (110)
   events  (9)
   food & wine  (24)
   general travel  (45)
   los angeles  (46)
   middle east  (17)
   north america  (72)
   south america  (18)
   south pacific  (6)
   travel gear  (9)
book reviews  (269)
   action books  (11)
   climbing books  (9)
   culinary books  (12)
   guide books  (67)
   inspirational books  (30)
   international books  (76)
   road trip books  (29)
   travel tip books  (15)
   wine books  (21)
epicoz  (27)
guides  (627)
   aids ride  (1)
   angkor wat, cambodia  (8)
   arequipa, peru  (10)
   bangkok, thailand  (21)
   bishop, ca  (11)
   catalina, ca  (13)
   chamonix, france  (12)
   cheap tickets – low airfare  (1)
   choosing tours  (1)
   colima, mexico  (7)
   cuzco, peru  (7)
   death valley, ca  (8)
   europe  (10)
   gatlinburg, tennessee  (1)
   gold country, ca  (22)
   gold mining  (1)
   guadalajara, mexico  (10)
   hopland, ca  (8)
   how to use taxis  (1)
   huaraz, peru  (7)
   iquitos, peru  (5)
   istanbul, turkey  (4)
   key west, fl  (7)
   lake tahoe, ca  (21)
   lamu, kenya  (9)
   las vegas, nv  (10)
   los angeles, ca  (55)
   make friends online  (1)
   mammoth, ca  (15)
   manzanillo, mexico  (8)
   mendoza, argentina  (7)
   modesto fruit stands  (1)
   monterey, ca  (11)
   morocco  (8)
   mt. kilimanjaro  (6)
   mt. lassen, ca  (5)
   mt. rainier, wa  (7)
   mt. shasta, ca  (10)
   mt. whitney, ca  (14)
   nepal  (27)
   new orleans  (7)
   new zealand, south island  (13)
   oaxaca, mexico  (13)
   orlando, fl  (1)
   palm springs, ca  (12)
   paros, greece  (10)
   redding, ca  (9)
   reno, nv  (7)
   safari west, ca  (4)
   saigon, vietnam  (6)
   san francisco, ca  (13)
   san luis obispo, ca  (15)
   santa barbara, ca  (24)
   santa rosa, ca  (22)
   schulz museum  (1)
   southern sweden  (7)
   spokane, wa  (26)
   vancouver, canada  (14)
   vang vieng, laos  (8)
   vientiane, laos  (5)
   xcalak, mexico  (5)
   yosemite  (8)
   zanzibar  (6)
highlight of the month  (301)
interviews  (109)
journals  (1,958)
   africa  (122)
   antarctica  (2)
   asia  (326)
   australia  (58)
   caribbean  (92)
   europe  (479)
   middle east  (49)
   north america  (593)
   other  (137)
   south america  (82)
   south pacific  (27)
mini post  (739)
press releases  (793)
travel products  (55)
   accessories reviews  (15)
   fashion reviews  (11)
   footwear reviews  (3)
   luggage reviews  (10)
   technology reviews  (14)
   wine reviews  (2)







latest posts

best 5 st. thomas beaches (how to maximize your vi…
myrtle beach: a family-friendly destination with w…
the flower fields at carlsbad ranch announces marc…
ko lan getaway: a weekend of sun, sand, and crowds
top 10 places to visit in south korea: explore the…



collaboration























































































































































































































as seen on
































 exploreabove the clouds
guides
highlight of the month
interviews
journals
press releases
videos
preparebook reviews
pack list
quiz: geography
quiz: travel
tour booking
travel insurance
travel products


 sharecontribute
forums
links
photos
aboutabout us
advertise
contact us
contributors
email dave
media coverage
media kit


 

hi i'm dave. after a life changing trip in 1996, i began this site as a creative outlet to educate, inspire and share travel experiences. read more...



facebookinstagramlinkedinpinterestrsstwittervimeoyoutube


return to top of page

copyright © 1996–2025 dave's travel corner · all rights reserved · log in

7ads6x98y












































