








home - noaa arctic








































































 















            an official website of the united states government
          
here’s how you know

 here’s how you know









official websites use .gova
              .gov website belongs to an official government
              organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use httpsa
              lock (
              
lock
locked padlock icon

 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to
              the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official,
              secure websites.
            













		skip to content








search...
















 







home

report card

strategy

services

partner with us

data

programs

menu toggle





oceans and coasts 

weather 

satellites 

research 

fisheries
 



 





 






search...















 







main menu

 











home

report card

oceans and coasts

weather

satellites

research

fisheries 












noaa in the arcticlearn about what noaa is working on in the arctic.
noaa's arctic vision and strategy
arctic report cardthis annually published peer reviewed report gathers the latest science from top experts to track changes in the arctic.latest report cardoceans & coastsnoaa’s national ocean service conserves and manages our arctic ocean resources to support resilient ecosystems and communities and works to map the seafloor to improve charting and navigational support. weathernoaa’s national weather service provides weather, water, and climate information for planning and decision making to protect lives, property, enhance the national economy, and manage the arctic’s many resources.satellitesnoaa satellites observe the arctic ocean and atmosphere to understand and forecast arctic change.researchnoaa research is foundational to understanding the complex arctic system and supporting effective stewardship, resilient communities, and sustainable economiesfisheriesnoaa’s national marine fisheries service (nmfs) provides science-based conservation and management of important arctic living marine resources and their habitats: productive and sustainable fisheries, safe sources of seafood, recovery and conservation of protected resources, and healthy ecosystems. 


 

 

















about noaa in the arctic 


















 the arctic, according to arctic research and policy act of 1984, can be defined as all the lands and waters above the black line. map modified from williams, d.m., and richmond, c.l., 2021







noaa's diverse activities in the arctic provides science, service, and stewardship that supports people and commerce. 



during the past thirty years, the arctic environment has undergone profound and unprecedented changes. temperatures have increased nearly four times faster than the global average and sea ice has diminished sharply. these changes have allowed an opening of the arctic to new areas of commerce such as shipping, oil and mineral exploration and tourism. the new opportunities have increased the need for better environmental intelligence to understand arctic change and its impact on regional and global weather and climate as well as improved regional awareness to support communities and industry. the environmental intelligence that noaa generates in the arctic supports decisions and actions related to conservation and management to promote healthy, productive and resilient communities and ecosystems. 










noaa's arctic vision and strategy 



a vision, plan, and structure for supporting noaa’s activities in the arctic are characterized in these three main documents. 






learn more































noaa's services in alaska and the arctic 



noaa provides and supports a variety of critical services that communities in alaska and operators in the arctic rely on. 









partner with noaa in alaska and the arctic 



noaa partners with scientific and governmental collaborators, non-governmental organizations, industry, academia and local and indigenous communities to meet research, stewardship, and management needs in alaska and the arctic. 










noaa's arctic data 



access data portals and review guiding principles for supporting accessibility and collaboration on arctic data. 






access data
























focus areas // 









 




arctic report card 






 




oceans and coasts 






 




weather 












 




satellites 






 




research 






 




fisheries 







 







 headquarters 
 1315 east-west highway, silver spring, md 20910
 email us
 




about usnoaa's diverse activities in the arctic synergize the work of five noaa line offices, each leading sustained efforts to provide science, service, and stewardship in the arctic region that supports people and commerce.visit noaa | visit the department of commerce


 



noaa central library
freedom of information act
web accessibility statement
disclaimer for external links
noaa privacy statement
 

provide feedbackprovide feedback 









 scroll to top






contact our team 



									fill out the form below, and we will be in touch shortly.								













					contact information				


								name							




								phone							




								email							






					vehicle information				


								vehicle make							




								vehicle model							




								vehicle year							




								service requested							






					preferred date and time selection				


								date							




								time							





submit ⟶

















































