


athens, greece survival guide




















greece travel guide 


athens guide


 greek island guide


lesvos


hotels of greece


turkey


paris





 athens
survival guide







this is the index page for my athens                        survival guide.  it will
give you the tools to survive and
                        thrive in athens, greece and enable you to have as much fun as i do and feel as comfortable as if you have been here before. you can read about hotels, restaurants, archaeological sites, nightlife, beaches and day-trips to nearby islands and beaches and towns on the mainland. my athens guide may not be as high tech as some of the other travel sites but i think you will find it to be the most fun to use and probably find it to be at least as helpful as the popular guide books, except
this is
free. i began this website  in 1995 and i update it continuously. use the menu below that will lead you to the various sub-menus on this page.  this site is entirely hand-made and contains no cookies, no spyware or sneaky pop-ups or tricks that make you click on something you don't
want. i have put ads at the bottom of the pages to not be
a distraction and only ads for my own pages or businesses i know and trust. by supporting them you not only support me, but you will probably have a safer and happier trip to greece. 
if  you have questions about athens or greece or are looking for something and you can't find it you can
contact matt and i will reply pretty quickly since i pretty much live on my computer. if you like this site please share
it with your friends on social media. there are facebook share buttons on this and other pages. if you need assistance with putting together an itinerary try using my create-an-itinerary work page where you can put together a plan for your greece trip with the assistance of a greek travel agent, with no obligation to buy. if you are just here to find hotels see my
athens hotel suggestions and remember that booking through my website helps support my work. 
please help support this guide: you can send a donation through paypal or you can use venmo at venmo.com/matt-barrett-greece.
any amount is helpful.
thank you for your support! 
guide to athens, greece 




basic
                        athens info



where to play and  stay



travel
                        agents, hotels etc



getting out of athens: 




helpful athens info



athens 
            photos
                         & articles



other
                        greece websites









basic athens information


this section will get you started. it includes practical information like arriving at venizelos airport and getting into the city, to finding hotels in the best areas of athens where you can walk to all the sites. it also includes recommended travel agents, using the metro and finding a good restaurant as well as the major reasons you are in athens, which include the acropolis, the museums and the most important archaeological
sites as well as nightlife. some of the important pages are duplicated in other sections as well.



when to go





getting to athens





arrival in athens




hotels in
                            athens



 

travel agents in athens


   
athens restaurants






george the famous taxi driver



top 10 things to see



museums of
athens:






the acropolis





a walk around athens with matt





nightlife in athens




the athens metro





the athens tram




athens buses





athens photo journeys





shopping in athens

beer in athens




return to top






where to play and stay in athens



this section will tell you where to stay, where not to stay and why, and how to make your way through the various neighborhoods and districts of downtown athens. it also includes important archaeological sites and parks, shopping areas and more. the bottom of each page has recommended hotels and booking information. booking through my site helps support my work. 





the plaka guide



syntagma square: 




makrigianni and koukaki





monastiraki flea market




psiri nightlife 



athinas street



ermou street




aeolou street



thission





the athens
market



the gazi



kolonaki and lykavitos



agia irini square



the ancient and roman agoras



kerameikos ancient cemetery





the national gardens


the acropolis





ambelokipi





omonia square and beyond 




exarchia





metaxourgio





nikis and voulis streets




the great outdoors


                             beaches of athens




coastal athens




kifissia: cool northern suburbs


kypseli






the view from lykavettos



temple 
of olympian zeus


panathinaiko marble stadium




patission street



immigrant neighborhoods



iera odos





shopping in athens



nea smyrni




stavros niarchos center





rafina


 
pireaus




lake vouliagmeni healing
springs



exploring attica




hotels in
athens



athens apartments



plato's academy



the lyceum of aristotle




islands near athens

i have several pages for researching and booking hotels in athens and all over greece. first read my athens hotels page which is a part of my athens guide. also see my best hotels in central athens page. if you want to stay outside
of the center of athens, like on the beach, then see my best hotels in the athens suburbs and coast. if you are looking for a house, villa or air bnb style accommodations then see my central athens apartments page and my athens coast villas page. if you have particular needs you can use the athens hotel search which is done through my cooperation with booking.com. you can also book directly with the hotels using my book
athens hotels directly page. of course if you are planning to visit athens, the islands and do some mainland tours and will need tickets, transfers and other assistance you will be better off working with a reliable greek travel agency who will put everything together and make sure it all runs smoothly.



 return to top 





services in athens


this section includes recommended hotels and travel agents, taxi drivers and other businesses in athens. the hotel section tells which areas to stay at and which to avoid. i included a few interesting tours as well. these are the people who have supported my work for the last 20 years so please consider booking with them. you won't find better.





travel agents in athens


hotels in
athens


athens hotel attalos





george the famous taxi driver
tours and transfers




limousine service
                             tours and transfers



billy's bus tours
group tours and transfers




gold and jewelery




melissinos:
                            poet-sandalmaker



swift car rentals



jewish walking tours


athens walking tour 





athens sightseeing tour




personal tour guide



food and wine day tours



athens by night tour





helicopter tours & transfers



fantasy travel's vip vacations



fantasy travel special offers




kosta's athens walking tours



athens walking food tour



philosophy and history workshops





athens mythology tour



athens art galleries



wineries of attica




street food and art walking tour



athens wine tasting



athens bike tour




legal assistance in greece



day sails from athens



off road trips in attika



bringing a group? helpful
work-page for churches, schools, cultural
organizations coming to greece



join matt barrett's greece travel guides group on facebook for comments, photos and other fun stuff. if you enjoy this website please share it with your friends on facebook. if you are appreciative of all the free information you get on my websites you can send a donation through paypal







return totop







getting
out of athens


most people come to athens because they are going to the greek islands and this section will tell you about the islands near athens and how to get to them and those further away. it also has sections on mainland day-trips and overnight trips, and various services who can get you out of athens and hotels all over greece. for those of you who are going to the greek islands i suggest you visit my greek
island guide too.



the greek islands




 
islands near athens




how to go to a greek
                            island



greek cruise page



fantasy's greek island hopping



day-trips from athens


 
ferry boats & pireaus

  
nafplion and the argolis



 
george the famous taxi driver






day sails from athens



one-day saronic islands cruise




the
argolis with george



coastal athens




sailing in greece


island of kea: 1 hour from athens





port of lavrion


temple of poseidon at sounion





travel agents in athens



evia




attika zoological park



greek mainland



off road trips in attika





driving in greece



greek mainland tours



                             beaches of athens



  
fantasy travel




matt's itinerary suggestions





matt barrett's favorite 
hotels in greece



search all 
hotels in greece



licensed archaeological guides 
all over greece




book hotels directly with owners



villas and air bnbs in greece



pireaus hotels





7 day grand tour



5 day classical tour


4 day classical tour


 
tour to delphi



tour to myceneae/epidavros



delphi/meteora tour




exploring attika



helicopter tours & transfers




athens riviera bike tour



aegina e-bike tour



corinth/nemea e-bike tour




leaving athens


return to top






other helpful athens info



this section has a lot of important stuff, some articles written in a fun and whimsical fashion and other articles quite dry and boring but nonetheless useful. i have also included some of the articles that are featured in the sections above but are just as suited to this section. in fact the stuff i want you to read because i think it is important to you (or to me) i may have listed two or three times in this index.




strollering through athens




maps of athens




cure for jet-lag
and insomnia




gay athens/gay greece



top 10 things 
to do in athens




apokreas: carnival season



winter in greece




easter in greece



christmas in athens




breakfast in athens



the best coffee in athens



retsina and greek wine




gift shopping



favorite greek cds


ouzo




weekend in athens




bookstores and books


24 hours in monastiraki




eating seafood in pireaus



a walk around athens with matt



guide to greek food





practical 
& practically useless info




patsa: elixer of the working class




learn greek





the curse of
eleusis



bus schedules
and fares



lake vouliagmeni healing
springs




greek food pronunciation



rain in athens?



demonstrations and riots





george the famous taxi driver




the parthenon (elgin) marbles





travel agents in athens





amvrazi & vrettos: journalists





newspapers in athens




crime and scams




dancing in athens



the acropolis rally



packing for greece




yoga and healing



immigrant neighborhoods



greece itinerary suggestions





stray dogs: an athenian problem




the athens marathon


 
souvlaki: greece's
                            gift to fast food





staying in contact

 
matt's greece travel tips



information for wheelchair users




socrates drank the conium



byzantine athens walk





churches &                             aa
meetings



if you have an idea of what you want to do in greece use my create-an-itinerary form it's fun.  you fill out the form and choose the islands and how many days you want to stay, any tours, and what your budget is and click send and in a few hours a travel agency replies with a plan for you.



questions? e-mail me



return to top






photo
tours of athens and other stuff


these are photos i have taken over the years and several articles that i could not decide where else to put them. many of these pages are linked to from other pages above but some are not. there are also links to photo albums on some of my other websites. in fact you can see most of my best photos by going to www.greecetravel.com/photos





on the acropolis




inside the parthenon




matt's greece travel blog





greece in the sixties photos



graffiti of athens


athens market photos





panathinaiko marble stadium



psiri photo album



24 hours in monastiraki




plaka photo album



kerameikos photo album




everyday athens




temple 
of olympian zeus


matt's greece cartoons




old athens postcards




in search of old
buildings




filmed in greece 



matt barrett for athens mayor?



old psiri photo tour





old flea market photo journey




old shopping photo journey



 
matt's best of athens page




national 
museum photo tour




greek independence day photos




history of greece




pahi-megara



laiki farmers markets




old market photo journey



the lyceum of aristotle




rembetika music




byzart ancient greek jewelry


olympico greek jewelry



byzantino jewelry





life in kypseli photo tour


kaisariani monastery




naxos cheese shop




street people of athens




naxos cheese market in psiri




great snowstorm of 2002





the view from lykavettos


 

greece 4 kidz



traveling with children


 
the 1st cemetery




karagiozis puppet theater



art and artists






return to
top





please help support this guide: when i had to find a way to support my web sites i had 2 choices. i could use modern advertising technology like most sites use with pay-per-click ads all over my pages and spy-ware that collects information
and posts the ads each individual reader is most likely to click on. or i could choose to promote a handful of travel agents, and a reliable hotel booking system and keep my sites relatively ad free. no obnoxious pop-ups, fake news articles, or gathering of information through cookies. i chose the second. if you book through the links on my site i will receive a commission which supports my work. but if you book elsewhere, (like air bnb for example) but still find my website useful i ask you to send a donation through paypal or you can use venmo at venmo.com/matt-barrett-greece
if you prefer to send a check you can email me. any amount helps. thank you for your support! 
if you find my

athens survival guide

useful and you would like to show your
                            appreciation why not let people know about the
                            site on the numerous travel boards on the
                            internet or linking to it from your blog or website. because i don't have the big
                            advertising budgets of the major travel sites
                            many people don't find me until after they
                            have made all their plans and wish they had
                            found my information sooner. help spread the
                            word about

matt barrett's greece travel guides.

if you found my guides helpful and want to
                            help me continue my work, please support the
                            services i recommend. without their help these pages and this website would not exist. you can also help by liking me on facebook and sharing. 
if you wish there was some simple way 
you could donate to helping the needy in greece see www.greecetravel.com/donations 
join matt barrett's greece travel guides group on facebook for comments, photos and other fun stuff.

you can keep up with my day to day activities and thoughts in and out of greece as well as current events and updates at www.greecetravel.com/matt-blog
links exchange page
(yes i will link to you if your page has value but if it is totally irrelevant please don't bother me)
 


return to top 
the athens survival
guide is copyright 1995-2017 and updated continuously by matt
barrett, most recently probably today!



find hotels in athens by location, price, whether or not it has a swimming pool, and see photos and reviews by using this link to booking.com. excellent prices and many hotels you can book and then cancel with no cancellation fee. for those who want to book without using a travel agency this is the best way to do it.














use ferryhopper to find all direct and indirect ferry routes for the islands of greece, spain, italy &
turkey, compare ferry companies & prices, and book cheap ferry tickets with no hidden fees in one go!









help support matt's greece guides
do you enjoy using my site? have you found it entertaining as well as useful? if so please show your appreciation by booking hotels through the travel agencies and the links found on my hotels of greece site. the small commission i make on the bookings enable me to keep working and in most cases you won't find them any cheaper by searching elsewhere.  you can find
hotels in greece by location, price, whether or not it has a swimming pool, and see photos and reviews by using this link to booking.com which also contributes to my website when you book.
join matt barrett's greece travel guides group on facebook for comments, photos and other fun stuff. if you enjoy this website please share it with your friends on facebook. if you are appreciative of all the free information you get on my websites you can send
a donation through paypal or venmo









 


  



