









































indyweekblogs




























home
message
archive
submit something!










brexit you ask? i haven’t got a clue - i’ve given up trying to predict the outcome of this tortuous mess.
but some observations based on people i actually know who voted for leave (there aren’t many of them!).1/
 very close family member of voting age - is a conspiracy theorist 
(follows david icke), and believes the eu is part of the evil ‘global 
elite’ - but would not riot (but might bitch a bit with fellow theorists
 on facebook). probably wouldn’t loose job either way. parents, siblings
 and offspring all voted for or support remain, which might temper any 
actions..2/ now retired work colleague, voted leave to give the 
eu / country a 'kick in the pants’. did not expect leave to win, and if 
there were another referendum, would vote to remain.3/ ex 
acquaintance, who seemed like a nice chap when i used to bike with him, 
but is in fact a racist bigot who hates muslims (based on his facebook posts) -
 i suspect i know what his reasons for voting as he did were. i really 
couldn’t give a t*ss how miffed he is.4/ retired ex company owner
 in the insurance business - had technical reasons for wanting to leave 
based on eu regulations around insurance, but is mild-mannered and 
unlikely to react in an extreme way.personally, you can probably 
guess how i voted - but i would accept a soft brexit as being a fair 
reflection of opinion (at least at the time of the referendum). but i 
think the current hatred-stiring and parliament bashing is deeply 
depressing. in the event of a hard brexit, i don’t think i’d lose my 
job, but i know that the company i work for is almost certain to move a 
large distribution operation into mainland europe to avoid tariffs and 
border friction, resulting in job losses in a demographic, which, based 
upon the socio-economic breakdown of the original vote, is more likely 
to contain leave voters. so they can probably be justifiably miffed - 
but directed at who, do you think ?


0 notes / +reblog




racist in chief tweets again
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-48982172let me be clear, i think trump is an a***hole and these comments are a disgrace, he’s not fit for the office he holds.however
 for all those scratching their heads in bewilderment at how he gets 
away with it, the reason is simple. people are so sick and fed up of 
being howled down by the politically correct thought police dictating 
what we can and can’t say, even think sometimes that eventually they 
snap. the response becomes f*ck it, if i’m going to be howled down by a 
baying mob of sanctimonious do gooders for some trivial indescretion 
which doesn’t happen to conform to whatever the latest unwritten dictat 
requires, then i’ll give them something to actually howl me down for, or
 at least they vote for a president that will do it vicariously for 
them.when anybody who carelessly utters something mildly 
offensive is treated as a fascist and anybody to the right of ken clarke
 is a nazi, these terms become so devalued as to be meaningless. the 
problem then is if you can’t distinguish between real proper hate filled
 racism and mild indiscretion then, like the boy who cried wolf, people 
stop paying attention and stop calling out the nasty stuff because 
sticking it to do gooders becomes more important and anyone who stands 
up to them becomes a hero, even when they really doesn’t deserve it.if
 you want to take society on a journey to a nicer place you need to to 
do it through persuasion, not metaphorically screaming in  people’s 
faces, that’s just counter productive.in voting for trump americans have clearly reached a tipping point and remember what happens in america first happens here next.originally posted by savagebeastrecords


0 notes / +reblog




it is such a pity hitlery of the us clinton family dynasty had the 
leadership elections of the “ democrat”, party fiddled to make her the 
candidate rather than bernie sanders as that would have been 
interesting. i’m not a fan of sanders but he would have been the first 
psychologically normal president since jfk (he was a dick but not a 
psycho). trump faced with a sea of outrageous attacks and threats to 
have him kicked out by the us establishment immediately after taking 
office because he wanted to build bridges with russia has learned that 
it is not he who is in control, but the deep state and their war machine
 so to play ball he must do what he is told. he is an outsider you see, 
very reluctantly admitted in to a massive exclusive club who want to 
kill someone he likes. he has learned quick to do what they advise. from
 stopping medicines going to sick people in venezuela and curry g their 
favour by asking them “why don’t you just kill maduro, you guys like 
that sort of thing” (i’m paraphrasing) to appointing a psychopath as nsa
 hell bent on attacking iran now that they have destroyed syria and 
illegally occupy 1/3 of its country that has all its oil wealth. and 
israel can bomb fk out of syrians any time it wants some target 
practise.oh and as soon as the syrians try to take back some of their 
occupied land rupert murdochs gutter press and the deep states churn out
 the lies about assad using chemical weapons “again”, via their islamist
 hollywood actors called the “moderate”, rebel white helmets. so he is 
trying to be more like them, more of a complete and utter psychopath to 
try and fit in to us politics. trump is out of place there as he 
is not one of the deep state but he is learning to be although it is 
precisely the fact he was not one of the never ending hand picked deep 
state presidential candidates that got him elected in the first place. 
he is a glorified arthur daley which should make him do well in that 
position as us president - exploiting people, ripping them off, leaving 
them with nothing and all with a clear conscience but on a global level.
 he is not however the top utterly ruthless mafia don which is a 
prerequisite for all us presidents. who will actively seek to destroy 
countries, occupy and kill as many as they want because they can. as a 
capitalist he is after all just a face for capitalist imperialism and 
all the much bigger capitalist class that tell him what to do and whose 
set plans (attacking specific target countries that stand up to us and 
israeli crimes) he must implement as a job requirement. he is after all 
just their employee but he definitely would have failed the job 
interview. 


0 notes / +reblog




alistair campbell
dismissed by email apparently…https://twitter.com/campbellclaret/status/1133332260428627973 
i believe it is against the rules to promote or campaign for another party, not vote for another party. this strikes me as a bit short sighted on the labour party’s part. the 
message that stands out for me is that a very influential and well known
 figure in the centre ground of british politics has been expelled 
because he voted for a different party in what was a one issue vote, and
 that the party is no longer the place for such moderate views. i 
watched the tv on sunday night when he came out with this, and it 
clearly gave him no pleasure in voting for the libdems, but he felt he 
had no choice. any other moderates who may have voted libdem or green 
may well now think they wont be welcomed back, and may well stay away in
 a ge. 
it’s
 a shame that labour are eager to throw out the best press officer they 
ever had because he couldn’t vote in favour of a position they have now 
abandoned while at the sane time seem to find it near on impossible to 
deal with the racists who have cost labour thousands perhaps tens of 
thousands of votes. i think it’s also worth pointing out that 30% of the
 party membership voted the same way as he did.




not a clever move imo.






0 notes / +reblog




trump visit to uk.

as if enough wasn’t going on in this country we now have trump coming 
over for his state visit. we have had complaints about about how much 
police time the extinction rebellion has been cost and it will be a drop
 in the water compared to this visit. it would be nice if the government
 would sort the current mess we are in too before getting distracted and
 bringing the orange man over.

trump isn’t a tyrant (yet), but there’s more than one way to express disapproval. ;-)https://www.guelphmercury.com/opinion-story/2766228-in-belarus-they-ve-learned-to-laugh-at-tyranny/ 3beaming,
 cheering crowds have appeared recently, apparently expressing approval 
of lukashenko and his government. occasionally the demonstrators have 
even burst into laughter — and that, a reporter for the italian paper la
 repubblica reported, was so infectious that sometimes even the police 
joined in.the regime, which has jailed more than a thousand 
political activists so far this year, has not failed to understand that 
the “applause” and “cheering” were sarcastic and, in fact, represented 
visible, popular-based criticism of the government.so what did 
the belarusian government leaders do? they made it a crime to applaud 
the president, his troops or the security services. for the country’s 
independence day celebrations in july, the government announced that 
anyone caught clapping would be arrested.


0 notes / +reblog




what goes through the minds ofdog owners who bag up their dog’s shit then hang the bag in a bush?parents
 who park leaving their engines running to power the heating or a/c 
whilst waiting outside a school for their little angels to come out?people who spit out chewing gum into a urinal or onto the pavement?people who manage to unwind the best part of a bog roll and leave it draped all over the seat and adjoining floor?people who wipe their hands on a dish cloth?people who constantly sniff on a crowded commuter train without ever using a handkerchief or kleenex?tailgaters?litterers?dog owners who let their dogs shit on a pavement without clearing it up?people who sneeze and cough without putting their hand over their mouth/nose?


0 notes / +reblog




is veganism/vegetarianism good for the environment?
my sister is doing a masters in environmental sustainability and she said to me it’s not that veganism/ vegetarianism is good for the environment, it’s just that it’s better than eating meat. she used this example for me - a vegan/ vegetarian will probably eat a fair amount of soya, which has an impact on the environment; a meat eater will eat beef (for example), which has an environmental impact, but the cow the beef has come from will probably have been fed on soy products, which also has an environmental impact. ergo the negative environmental impact of eating meat is worse.i am not a vegan. i am a vegetarian, but i also don’t drink milk and most of the time don’t eat real butter/yogurt. (i still eat eggs (though try to buy them locally) and a small amount of cheese, and will allow myself to have treats if out for a meal, so ice cream, or cakes/ desserts that include dairy.)i actually don’t have an issue with people eating meat. what i do believe though is that people should be considering reducing the amount of meat and animal products they consume. it certainly shouldn’t be the norm for people to have meat multiple times per day. the idea is to buy only locally sourced meat, with high levels of animal welfare. veganism is better for the environment when done well. but encouraging consumers to think ‘i’m vegan so my food must be more sustainable’ is dangerous. consumers should be moving towards expecting environmental impact assessments on the products they buy, as there is a lot of variation between different meat and nonmeat products.legislation is marching on at a real pace on this area currently, and i fully expect mandatory impact assessments on a product by product basis within the next 5 years. businesses in most industries are actually doing these to a greater or lesser extent already, it’s just that there is no standardized way of doing them currently so there’s a fair bit of variation, and they are not generally in the public domain. this is a shame, because it would give academics access to a huge amount of data to work from, rather than having to go through the lengthy process of producing their own (which are often full of assumptions because they simply don’t have access to the information required), and so their academic knowledge base is still a bit too general for them to develop some real clout. it’ll get there (soon hopefully), because of the necessity of sharing resources with ever more nations who are growing economically and are wanting a slice of the standard of living enjoyed by developed countries. 


0 notes / +reblog




blackpool
i grew up in blackpool and still run a business there.it’s a disaster at the minute.the town centre is becoming a ghost town. council has shut various main roads through the town centre for the last 12-18 months and totally ruined any car access for people to use the shops. there are no people with any money to spend using the town centre. the town centres of neighbouring st annes, lytham, cleveleys, poulton are all thriving. no one who lives just outside the town with a car would ever consider going into blackpool to shop.the crux of the housing problem is associated with housing benefit. the town is full of very poor quality rental property - thousands of flats & bedsits. there is a weird supply/demand problem where folks have a fixed amount of benefits available (~£100pw) and there is pretty poor quality available across the board at this level. there is no competition based on quality, people just take whatever is available for rent. it’s a big step up in rent to get anything even remotely good. for that you need a decent-ish job, which is inevitably outside the town on a new business park. people just move out to somewhere nicer. the deprivation index map is pretty stark. some of the worst areas in england, surrounded by small towns and villages that are some of the best in the north west. - https://parallel.co.uk/imd/#12/53.80907/-3.02013  public health is awful. the national average for pregnant women still smoking at child delivery is about 10%. it’s 3% in west london. in blackpool it’s 28%. this has come down from about 40%(!) a few years ago.there is some investment coming (conference centre, tram lines, central hub area, central station site), but i fear it will be too late. the town centre is on the verge of losing debenhams and m&s. if they go, there will be nothing holding the centre together over the winter months.


0 notes / +reblog




donald trump shuts down the government
i don’t know any us government workers personally, but this guy was a work colleague of mine a while back; https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-inauguration-protests-what-life-like-donald-trump-presidency-what-to-expect-from-trump-a7534736.htmlif anyone thinks the media painting captain bonespurs as a villain is maybe just a bit of spin, i can assure them it’s not. when i saw david milne walk past my desk the first time, it then hit me that bearded guy on the tv that’s being bullied by the trump organization wasn’t an actor, he was a real person with a real life and real job.if anything, the fear of his bullying tactic of using large baseless legal cases to make people with limited funds just cave into his demands means what you do hear about is likely the tip of the iceberg.on the plus side, when he leaves the presidency and goes back to being ‘a successful businessman’ again, if he does try bullying and intimating little old ladies with legal battles, every person on the planet now knows what an absolute c*nt he is, so crowdfunding legal defence fees should be easierhis name and reputation are so toxic now, when his presidency ends, i think he is screwed.


0 notes / +reblog




what does brexit and the titanic have in common?
when the titanic hit the iceberg, going off the holywood film, things looked ok and calm at first.  the same could be said for brexit when the referendum went with the leave campaign.however with the titanic, things slowly developed to the point where some rich woman let go of the young man in favour of her shiny blue necklace.  the ship also went down remarkably fast once things started going wrong.well, this brexit slow sinking is getting mighty close to the date where we know that it will sart to sink, 29-3-19.here’s another spanner in the works of the ship that must not sink.https://uk.yahoo.com/news/russia-seeks-capitalise-brexit-blocking-160430935.htmlonly people with shiny jewels will survive this catastrophe while all the poor and just about making it (jam’s) will not survive.


0 notes / +reblog











older →

















 
 



indyweekblogs


 
 

 


