



erwin olaf - home | erwin olaf



































in memoriam
artworks
exhibitions
press
news
channel
commissioned


project
editorial
advertising
cultural
portraits
specials


collections
catalogues
biography
foundation erwin olaf
contact








  ladies hats, 1985-2022 

  dance in close-up, 2022 

  book: erwin olaf - hard werken hard feesten 

  im wald, 2020 



biography: 'erwin olaf springveld. hard werken, hard feesten' (work hard, play hard)
21 october 2024
we are thrilled to announce the launch of the biography of erwin’s biography on 21st of october 2024.
authored by mischa cohen, this comprehensive work is the culmination of several years of meticulous research. mischa closely followed erwin's journey, visiting museums, archives, photoshoots, and spending time with his family, friends, colleagues, and loved ones to gather a wealth of engaging stories.
true to erwin's wishes, this biography aims to present an accurate and unembellished portrait of his life and work.
the biography is scheduled to be released in additional languages in 2025.
studio erwin olaf is establishing the foundation erwin olaf
september 2024
the foundation aims to perpetuate erwin’s activism.erwin was someone who didn't hold back in the public debate and fought for equality, freedom of speech, and diversity.he was not only deeply involved in the queer community but advocated for many marginalized individuals and minorities.in addition to supporting and funding projects that contribute to an emancipated and free society, the foundation will form an educational pillar to support young creative students through grants, advice, and educational modules.during his career erwin collaborated extensively with students with a secondary vocational education (mbo) and recognized the craftsmanship and need for mbo graduates for dutch society.the foundation erwin olaf will be officially launched in september 2024.for questions or extra information, email petra@erwinolaf.com
now | hamiltons gallery presents 'bigger than life'
15 november 2024 - 1 february 2025
hamiltons is pleased to present erwin olaf: bigger than life, a celebration of olaf’s life and photographic oeuvre. the exhibition presents important works from across the artist’s four-decade career, including works from series such as chessmen, im wald, palm springs, paradise and grief, alongside a selection of self-portraits. it is a monumental celebration of the artist’s contribution to the visual arts, and of his long-term close friendship with hamiltons gallery.
now | the nationalmusée um fëschmaart in luxembourg presents 'collections/revelations'
15 march 2024 -  15 march 2026
now | baró galeria presents 'in motion, in stillness'
23 november 2024 - 7 march 2025
the first posthumous exhibition dedicated to erwin olaf (hilversum, 1959 – amsterdam, 2023) at baró galeria pays tribute to an artist whose work redefined the way we perceive the body and its relationship with cultural and social codes.
upcoming | retrospective exhibition at stedelijk museum amsterdam, the netherlands
11 october 2025 - february 2026
the stedelijk is organising an exhibition of the work of erwin olaf, which opens in autumn 2025. organised in collaboration with studio erwin olaf, it will be the first exhibition in the netherlands of erwin olaf’s work since his sudden death last year.
 
kong gallery in seoul presents 'erwin olaf'
3 october 2024 - 2 november 2024
houk gallery presents 'erwin olaf: stages'
3 september 2024 - 26 october 2024
edwynn houk gallery presents erwin olaf: stages, an exhibition of key series centered on the concept of performance, a recurring theme in the artists four-decade career.
rijksmuseum in amsterdam presents 'point of view'
5 july 2024 -  1 september 2024
the point of view exhibition shows how ideas around gender are constantly changing over time, and how they have been expressed visually – in the form of an extravagantly decorative dragon-shaped gold toothpick, a gispen desk, and a portrait of william iii, prince of orange, wearing a dress. these 150 paintings, prints, drawings, costumes, accessories, sculptures, photographs and items of furniture from the rijksmuseum colection show that gender is to be found in all things.
centro cultural de la villa in madrid presents 'narratives of emancipation, desire and intimacy'
10 may 2024 -  14 july 2024
the exhibition erwin olaf: narratives of emancipation, desire and intimacy: will present in madrid a large overview exhibition of photos, videos and video-installations of erwin olaf’s work from the ‘80s to the 2020s. instead of a chronological exhibition, the exhibition will be articulated around three key topics of erwin olaf’s artistic practice: emancipation (political body), desire (sensual body) and intimacy (affective body).
centro niemeyer in avilés presents 'erwin olaf: a vanishing world'
12 july 2023 -  15 october 2023
this exhibition at centro niemeyer, aviles deals with the disorientation of the contemporary subject in a changing world.
the medal of honor for art and science of the house order of orange presented to erwin olaf.
13 march 2023
his majesty the king and her majesty queen máxima welcomed erwin olaf at noordeinde palace in the hague. his majesty the king then presented the medal of honor for art and science of the house order of orange to erwin olaf.
the award is presented to persons with exceptional merits in the fields of art and science. the medal of honor for art and science is also based on a special relationship with the royal house.
musée national d'histoire et d'art in luxembourg presents 'erwin olaf & hans op de beeck: inspired by steichen'
16 december 2022 -  11 june 2023
marking the 50th anniversary of edward steichen’s death, this exciting project showcases the work of dutch photographer erwin olaf (*1959) and belgian visual artist hans op de beeck (*1969).
galerie xii in los angeles presents "erwin olaf recent works"
18 february 2023 -  31 may 2023
considered as the most important dutch photographer of his generation, olaf is celebrated for his bold and sometimes controversial approach. his practice centers around society’s marginalized individuals, including women, people of color, and the lgbtqia+ community.
national taiwan museum of fine arts presents 'erwin olaf: perfect moment – incomplete world'
13 august 2022 - 27 november 2022
the exhibition erwin olaf: perfect moment – incomplete world, as seen in korea, will travel onwards to taiwan!
suwon ipark museum of art, south korea - erwin olaf: perfect moment – incomplete world
14 december 2021 - 20 march 2022
the magnificent suwon ipark museum of art in south korea will host a solo show, with a beautiful selection of erwin olaf's entire oeuvre. 
  

news ticker 

  in memoriam 

  foundation erwin olaf 



