





home









































menu





























































for over 30 years, our family has been committed to your complete satisfaction. whether you're buying a vehicle or visiting our service or parts departments, our award-winning dealerships are here to help you. experience the "power of the planets."































menu













welcome to planet ford and planet lincoln houston and dallas dealerships
family-owned planet ford and planet lincoln houston-area and dallas-area dealers invite you to shop for your new vehicle online or just drive into your nearby dealership for a visit to shop for new, pre-owned, used cars, trucks or suvs. houston's planet ford has two locations in spring and humble. dallas’ planet ford has two locations in dallas love field/park cities and garland. planet lincoln has two locations in spring/the woodlands and dallas love field/park cities. if you are looking for a new ford truck in houston, harris county or dallas, park cities, garland, dallas county, then planet ford is here to serve you. we want you to have the best car buying experience. our award winning staff will treat you professionally with respect and honesty while giving you the best possible price on a new or used vehicle. all of our dealerships also provide ford and lincoln service, parts and collision repair.as the premiere ford dealerships in the houston, tx and dallas, tx areas, we want to be your dealership for new ford and lincoln cars, trucks and suvs, certified pre owned ford and lincoln vehicles and used cars of all makes and models. people come to planet ford and planet lincoln for new ford and lincoln vehicles, a huge inventory of late model used cars, trucks and suvs in all makes and models. people come to the planet ford's and planet lincoln’s locations in spring, the woodlands, humble, dallas, park cities, and garland, to get a good and fair deal on a new ford car, truck or suv and luxury lincoln cars and suvs. people shop our new car dealer from all over south texas. communities like conroe, pasadena, baytown, sugar land, tomball, kingwood, texas city, westside, the woodlands, college station, huntsville, galveston, liberty, cleveland and austin come to planet ford and shop for new or used trucks. and shop north texas, including greater d/fw, dallas love field, park cities, plano, allen, richardson, mckinney, frisco, garland, rockwall, mesquite, rowlett, fort worth, arlington, grapevine, desoto the metroplex and across the country.

ford vehicles and lincoln vehicles for sale
planet ford houston and planet ford dallas has hundreds of new fords in stock to choose from. if you're looking for a new lincoln or new ford, search our new vehicle inventory online. you can build your ford f-150, mustang, bronco, super duty truck or fleet/commercial vehicle online. come in today to browse the largest inventory of new lincoln or new fords in houston and dallas. let one of our experienced salespeople take you on a test drive or provide a virtual car tour. you can shop in store or shop online. you can schedule an appointment on our web site for your convenience or drop by our showroom to take a look at the entire lincoln or ford line of vehicles. at our ford dealerships, the all new ford bronco and mach-e is available. you can find hybrids and ecoboost fords. the new f-150 and super duty is a great choice for work or play. you can see the entire ford truck inventory like the f-250 lariat, f-350 xl, f-450 xlt, f-650, f-750, platinum, king ranch and svt raptor are here! our lineup of expedition suvs are second to none. the new ford mustang starts with a 305 hp, 3.7-liter v6 engine with the ecoboost®, a new twin-scroll low-inertia turbocharger and a fully independent rear suspension, but if you seek more power we have the shelby mustang gt 500. the new transit connect wagon has 3d row, 7 passenger seating and style galore. the explorer is the go to choice of many active families looking for an alternative to a minivan. the e-series wagon is america’s favorite full-size van 34 years running with 7 versatile models. also if your houston business or dallas business is looking for ford commercial trucks that work as hard as you do, we have the vans, wagons, pickups and e-350/e-450 cutaways that can meet your built ford tough® needs. planet ford features these and all of our new models in our online new car specials section with the best deals and offers available so be sure and check out our new car specials often. talk to one of our knowledgeable sales team about all the specifics. or visit our showroom or call for more information. at our lincoln dealerships, find the aviator, navigator, nautilus, corsair and more! plus, our planet lincoln dealerships our exclusive lincoln black label dealers—our ultimate expressions of design and personal service.
shop for your lincoln at our spring or dallas showrooms or shop online
our lincoln dealerships provide quality 2024 lincolns to drivers who love the luxurious new or certified pre-owned lincoln aviator, lincoln corsair, lincoln navigator, lincoln mkc, lincoln nautilus, lincoln mkz, lincoln continental and lincoln hybrid vehicles. providing people with an award-winning experience is always paramount, from sales and financing to service and accessories. we invite you to see our latest special offers on new 2023 and 2024 lincoln and pre-owned vehicles. come and test drive a new lincoln at our dealership today and experience the unique planet lincoln difference when you buy or service your luxury lincoln.each web site offers lots of free information and services. you can see our full line of vehicles. research each model in detail. also you can request an online quote, apply for credit and get pre-approved before you ever come into our houston dealership, see exactly what your trade is worth, make an appointment for a test drive.
pre-owned car sales
dallas and houston's used car dealer is planet ford, planet lincoln and planet pre-owned dallas love field. we invited you to pick out the car, suv or truck of your choice, apply online for pre-approval of your credit by filling out the quick and easy credit form online, submit it and our friendly sales team will get back to you and schedule a convenient time to stop in and test drive your new vehicle and get you on your way back to your busy life. we maintain a large inventory of used vehicles, including a huge inventory of certified pre-owned. shop our complete inventory of used vehicles or shop for bargains under $15k.
ford finance and leasing
after you have decided on the new or used ford vehicle to you want, the planet ford finance team will help you secure the best possible finance terms available. we will work hard to make sure that you are offered the lowest rates possible, whether you decide to lease a vehicle or finance your new vehicle. our goal is to make owning and financing your new or used cars as stress free as possible.
lincoln finance and lease options
planet lincoln's finance teams are here to help you find various finance options. our team of finance experts can provide information on buying versus leasing a lincoln so you can decide if buying or leasing a new car is right for you and your family. no matter your credit, our team wants to help you find a new or used vehicle at a great price.
where you can find ford or lincoln authorized service, genuine ford parts, lincoln parts, accessories, or tires in d/fw and houston
once you have purchased a car it needs to be maintained. planet ford and planet lincoln in greater houston and greater dallas offers a great service department with years of combined service experience. we have ford authorized automotive service. our experienced service advisors and certified technicians can meet all your service needs. they will diagnose your repair needs and provide a free estimate along with a multi-point vehicle inspection. planet ford also carries genuine ford or lincoln parts and accessories. you can schedule service from our convenient online service scheduler and even browse our accessories in our online accessories store. our on-site quick lane auto and tire center with mechanics that are trained to repair all makes and all models. no appointment is required.


j.d. power 2018-2023 dealer of excellence for the customer sales experience

*for j.d. power award information, visit jdpower.com​​













randall reed's world class automotive dealerships
 dallas texas: planet lincoln dallas love field  | 
		randall reed’s planet ford 635 of garland | 
		 randall reed’s planet ford dallas love field 
 houston texas: planet lincoln - spring | 
		planet ford 59 - humble | 
		planet ford 45 - spring









copyright © 2018-

planet ford houston dealerships. reproduction of any material is strictly prohibited. powered by autosweet
auto publishers privacy | terms and conditions













