





nash community college











































































 





 








flex start classes are still available for registration! contact a success coach today! learn more
















 mynash  log in password reset   about events contact donate continuing education   hamburger toggle menu  


  252.443.4011






 mynash  log in password reset   about events contact donate continuing education   hamburger toggle menu  


  252.443.4011





 

   apply  



 
 chat



 

   register  



 

   more info  




 


i’m interested in…  university transfer diploma programs short-term training high school equivalency   academics  programs & pathways courses academic calendar academic catalog student opportunities credit for prior learning   admissions  apply financial aid & scholarships tuition and fees university transfer dual enrollment distance education veterans affairs   campus life  on campus  midway cafe campus store fitness resources studio 67   student activities  clubs and organizations global scholars program skillsusa chapter student government association   graduation & transcripts student resources  advising & success center bus service routes career center early intervention library placement testing service learning student accident insurance student wellness center tutoring and learning centers   community resources plan a visit   view available courses  search for:search button
















take yourself to the next level.™search for:









  





 let us help you find your way. 







university transfer & diploma					
 interested in entering the workforce or transferring to a university?  see options 






short-term training					
 view programs and courses geared to get you to work - fast.  view schedule 






high school equivalency					
 build the foundation you need to further your education.  get started 







registration details					
 flex start course options are available! see your advisor to register!  learn more 

   



 voices of a nighthawk







 nash community college is an experience i will never forget because it offered me everything i needed at the time. i was given all the resources i needed to be successful. i felt like the instructors wanted me to succeed. kenneth arrington, alumni office manager, h.d. pope funeral home associate in arts, graduated 2009 


 being at nash community college as a student and now being an instructor has definitely given me an appreciation for educators because you have to be passionate in what you teach, or it will show, and it was clear that the instructors at ncc were passionate about teaching us. devin powell, alumnirelief veterinary medical technician, eastern north carolina adjunct instructor, ncc veterinary medical technology, graduated 2021 


 the great thing about nash is that we have a culture of "blue love" and it means we work to understand their background and focus on our students to get them from point a to point b. nahel awadallah, facultybiology instructor 




 recent news








nash community college hosts mexican consulate for second time			

  02/14/2025  nash community college recently hosted the mexican consulate in the brown auditorium for a four-day event from february 3 to 6, offering essential services to the hispanic community. a total of 341 individuals attended the event, which provided a range of services, including birth certificates, consular ids, the credencial de elector (mexican voter id), and passports. the event aimed to foster a stronger connection between the college and the hispanic community, showcasing ncc’s commitment to serving all residents. “this event is important because it brings the hispanic community to our campus and shows that we support them,” said andrea giddens, coordinator of community engagement and latino programs at ncc. “it
read more »		

 more headlines






nash community college hosts “leadership and legacy” black history month panel			

  02/13/2025  in celebration of black history month, nash community college will host a panel discussion titled “amplifying voices” on february 26, from 11 a.m. to 12 p.m. the event will take
read more »		




rozell richardson pettiford scholarship supports single parents in healthcare			

  02/13/2025  the children of rozell richardson pettiford have established the rozell richardson pettiford scholarship fund to honor her life and legacy by supporting single parents pursuing a career as a nurse
read more »		

 upcoming events

 02/17/2025 


 ncc at nc works  see more details


02/19/2025 


 ncc at braswell memorial library  see more details
 marketing madness (melanie diehl)  see more details


02/24/2025 


 ncc at nc works  see more details













 


 at nash community college we have something for everyone!

high school diploma  |  skills to get a job  |  skills to get a better job technical certificate  |  diploma  |  degree







degree programs  10 




diploma programs  0 




certificate programs  20 




courses  999 




accreditations privacy mission statement non-discrimination policy diversity, equity, and inclusion accessibility services drug free workplace clery act and campus safety gainful employment title ix state authorization our core values calendar ncc foundation community resources ncc alumni career opportunities heerf i, ii, and iii grant funds 522 n. old carriage road rocky mount, nc 27804 phone: (252) 443-4011  facebook twitter linkedin youtube instagram 

 © copyright 2023. all rights reserved










      close  

let's get started.



advising contact form 
fill in the form below and an advisor will be in touch soon.first namelast nameemailphone/mobileanything you would like to add?submit

























































