

































































sioux city journal news | breaking news | read the latest sioux city, iowa and nebraska news. get breaking news, events and information on sports, weather, entertainment and more.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















0°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



contests



comics



puzzles



movies & tv



music



scjtix.com



play



food & cooking



health & fitness



get healthy



home & garden



relationships & special occasions



special sections



submit announcement



people



pets



weekender



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



auto sales



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



work here



news tip



advertise with us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

autos









0°
mostly cloudy
























        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa women’s basketball: dear ncaa selection committee …

the iowa women's basketball team saw its six-game winning streak come to an end in overtime against no. 9 ohio state on monday despite a spirited fourth-quarter comeback.

















        
        
            sioux city public schools closed tuesday due to harsh winter weather

public schools in sioux city will not have classes tuesday due to harsh winter weather. 

















        
        
            south sioux city schools plan late starts this week due to frigid weather

extreme cold this week has prompted south sioux city's public schools to declare late starts this week. temperatures tuesday morning are forecast at -14 degrees, with wind chill values as low as -30 degrees. 

















        
        
            tj otzelberger explains why iowa state basketball scheduled purdue

tj otzelberger knows exactly what he's getting with purdue. that's why he wanted the matchup.

















        
        
            iowa state rewarded for winning streak with jump in week 16 ap poll

the cyclones are on a three-game winning streak with victories against tcu, ucf and cincinnati. 

















        
        
            college wrestling: uni sets attendance mark, pins iowa state

the panthers won seven of 10 matches, including national champion parker keckeisen's 50th consecutive win, a technical fall. 

















        
        
            woodbury county marriage licenses for feb. 17, 2025

here are the marriage licenses issued recently in woodbury county










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            stretch of i-29 northbound reopened after crash


















        
        
            woodbury county marriage licenses for feb. 17, 2025


















        
        
            missing man found in sub-zero temperatures in clay county















                
                the latest


















        
        
            today's poll: have you ever owned a cassette player?

today's poll: have you ever owned a cassette player?




















        
        
            work to begin on bridges over i-29 in union county

jefferson, s.d. -- a repair project for two bridges over interstate 29 in union county is scheduled to begin within a week. 




















        
        
            half-naked man found in sioux county ditch dies

a sioux county sheriff's deputy found the man at 9:47 a.m. in the east ditch of harrison avenue, four miles south of sioux center.




















        
        
            speakout: who do you think is the most interesting historical president?

speakout: who do you think is the most interesting historical president?












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            tj otzelberger press conference | iowa state basketball | feb. 17




















        
        
            ap top stories february 17 a




















        
        
            video: uni's colin realbuto talks motivation












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: northern iowa vs. iowa state wrestling, 2-16-25

northern iowa hosted iowa state at a sold-out mcleod center of more than 7,348 sunday. the largest crowd in mcleod center history. the panthers won seven of 10 matches to beat iowa state for the first time since the 2018-19 season.  





















        
        
            photos: class 2a district 3 wrestling at bishop heelan high school

more than two dozen wrestlers punched their ticket to the ihsaa class 2a state wrestling tournament on saturday at o'gorman fieldhouse inside bishop heelan high school. 





















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 




















        
        
            iowa state's rebounding physicality creates a simple winning strategy

the first half appeared to point towards an offensive shootout between two of the big 12's top defensive teams. midway through the half, iowa state's defensive identity emerged.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    










sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            how to bounce back from losing clients in q4

contributor content. losing clients is never easy, but you can turn every loss into a learning experience. utilize your company’s data to understand where your weaknesses are and work towards strengthening them as you head into q1.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            ely, ely & shechet llc



                                        404 - 5th street, suite 218, sioux city, ia 51101
                                    






















        
        
            vicki kollbaum - next home



                                        2741 county road d25, hornick, ia 51026
                                    






























        
        
            floyd valley healthcare


                                retail
                            


                                        714 lincoln street ne, le mars, ia 51031
                                    






 website







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


business journal

events calendar

jobs

scjtix.com

i love a deal

shopper's guide

siouxland homes

siouxland life

weekender

get healthy




services


e-edition

email newsletters

subscribe

customer-service

advertise

announce your event

contact us

work here

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        sioux city journal, 2802 castles gate drive sioux city, ia 51106
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

































