










unity center of peace - home






























































													menu
						            





homenew here?unity and unity center of peacethe sunday experiencewhat's happeningnews at a glanceupcoming sunday celebration servicesongoing activities all events listingucp calendar (not for rentals)spiritual supportspiritual resourcespast service talks with handouts and videossign insign insearch 


search

advanced search



blogabout usunity and unity center of peacevision, mission and values minister, staff and board membersyouth programearthcareoutreach & caring for the communityucp social justicesacred service team volunteeringrentalsrental informationpictures of unity center of peaceweddingsdonateways to givegive now

menu






homenew here?unity and unity center of peacethe sunday experiencewhat's happeningnews at a glanceupcoming sunday celebration servicesongoing activities all events listingucp calendar (not for rentals)spiritual supportspiritual resourcespast service talks with handouts and videossign insign insearchblogabout usunity and unity center of peacevision, mission and values minister, staff and board membersyouth programearthcareoutreach & caring for the communityucp social justicesacred service team volunteeringrentalsrental informationpictures of unity center of peaceweddingsdonateways to givegive now

















 positive, practical and progressive spirituality




 
watch live sunday celebration services at 11am et 
 
 
 







featured events








learn more 









more information 









learn more 









learn more 









learn more 































		transform your life	
 

are you ready to let go of what has been holding you back? are you ready to begin the quest to become your best self?
you are powerful and wise! begin the quest to live the life you imagine and make the difference you're here to make! 











		celebrate your journey	
 

receive loving support as you practice proven universal principles to master the art of living a joyous, meaningful and abundant life. 











		transform the world	
 

embrace your unique vision and contribute to our world in ways that only you can. 











		thrive in a supportive, empowering community	
 

led by unity-ordained minister rev. victoria loveland-coen, unity center of peace is an empowering community where you are free to be you!
read more: rev. victoria   read more: unity center of peace 
















what people are saying about unity center of peace (ucp)...













			ucp has offered opportunities to grow, both spiritually and as part of leadership.        

			ucp has offered opportunities to grow, both spiritually and as part of leadership.        








                        rosemary h.                    











			i love how ucp keeps our whole family focused on spiritual ideals.        

			i love how ucp keeps our whole family focused on spiritual ideals.        








                        marlene m.                    











			ucp provides a place to really practice shifting my reality.        

			ucp provides a place to really practice shifting my reality.        








                        marea k.                    











			it feels as if the minister has you specifically in mind when delivering the talks.        

			it feels as if the minister has you specifically in mind when delivering the talks.        








                        lorraine l.                    











			i really enjoy the meditations on sunday.        

			i really enjoy the meditations on sunday.        








                        mary w.                    











			with spiritual guidance, study, opportunities to reach out and give back, the friendly folks at ucp have helped me make the transition (of moving to a new town) and i feel at home.        

			with spiritual guidance, study, opportunities to reach out and give back, the friendly folks at ucp have helped me make the transition (of moving to a new town) and i feel at home.        








                        oswaldo m.                    











			ucp gives me an outlet for my gifts and talents.
kris        

			ucp gives me an outlet for my gifts and talents.
kris        








                        debbie h.                    











			ucp provides a quiet and beautiful hour and a half every sunday that refocuses my intentions and brings me back to joy and love.        

			ucp provides a quiet and beautiful hour and a half every sunday that refocuses my intentions and brings me back to joy and love.        








                        kris w.                    











			ucp helped me create a spiritual concept of life that is non-judgmental....god is here - not out there        

			ucp helped me create a spiritual concept of life that is non-judgmental....god is here - not out there        








                        blanche f.                    











			ucp provides a sense of belonging to a stable, ongoing group of people who share my values.        

			ucp provides a sense of belonging to a stable, ongoing group of people who share my values.        








                        chris e.                    











			ucp provides constancy and love in a troublesome world.        

			ucp provides constancy and love in a troublesome world.        








                        alex w.                    











			ucp has given me a place to share my energy and inspirations.        

			ucp has given me a place to share my energy and inspirations.        








                        chris g.                    






 ❮
❯











the next service

february 16, 2025: 11:00am - 12:15pm (et)
when the walls begin to crumble
speaker: rev. victoria loveland-coen
at some point in your life, it’s probably felt like the walls around you are tumbling down. and sometimes, the walls we thought were keeping us safe have actually kept us from growing, hidden us from our true selves, and blocked the universe’s flow of love coming into and going out of us. and scary though it may be, sometimes these walls need to crumble. join us this week on a spiritual journey as we explore what it can mean to see hope and possibility as walls crumble and we stand on the precipice of the unknown.
 
 
 
special music: bright matter

what to expect on a sunday



explore
take a shortcut to finding out what unity center of peace is excited to share with you. click news at a glance below.
 
news at a glance
 
























                                                                        video clip from last sunday's talk                                                            


 
























8800 seawell school roadchapel hill, nc 27516office hours: tues-thurs, 11amm - 4pm or by appointment sunday hours: 10:30am-12:30pm
office: 919-968-1854
request a prayer
follow us:       
subscribe to our newsletter


member of 


© copyright unity center of peace 2017-2025
 
unity center of peace never sells, rents or shares your information with third parties. this site uses cookies and other technologies to track nonpersonal information such as page visits and web advertising. this site use google to provide some of those services.  you may opt out of their tracking services or turn off cookies to avoid this if you want.
 
 
 













