









netlingo the internet dictionary














 

 







































 











search netlingo

browse the dictionary all the acronyms










go



























home abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzsymbolsalldictionary abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzsymbolsallby category texting termsacronymssmileysbizjargonmarketinghardwaresoftwareprogrammingtechnologytechnicalnewword of the day subscribeacronym of the dayjargon word of the dayunsubscribeadd lingo add your own lingoguidelinestips blogsearchsearch & browse boxpocket dictionarycolorsextensionsdownloadsresourcestop 50 for parentspopular textsbusinessnewbiescommon expressionsfunniestx termsonline datingshop netlingo the dictionarynsfw: little black book of acronymslist of texting termsonline storeon amazon







 










			welcome to netlingo :) tracking terms, trends and technology, start surfing the web's best curated collection of online culture! 

february 18, 2025








internet word of the day
internet acronym of the day


 


subscribe for updates




subscribe



internet word of the day
instagator
	using instagram to make a relationship public or to push it along further, as in instagrandstading. 
it can be a good or bad thing depending on the situation as the person who initiates contact or first publicizes a relationship via social media will do so by tagging, dming, or posting photos of the two of you.						 
more info...

 
 


subscribe for updates




subscribe



internet acronym of the day
rip
rest in peace, a.k.a. big rip 	whether it's spelled in all caps or all lowercase, the term "rip" has many online meanings. as an acronym, rip stands for "rest in peace." for the largest list of internet acronyms and text message jargon, click on "more info" below.in online jargon, rip is used in response to an unfortunate but mild problem, and “big rip” is used in response to... 
more info...

 







gift books under $20



all the online acronyms! now in print :)
guys like nsfw - wtf?
-and-
gals like texting terms - lol!







all the words & acronyms



* free download 50 online dating terms
* see all internet words in the dictionary
* list of texting terms & chat acronyms
* you can view internet terms by category
* check out the newest jargon just added!
* in retrotech: erin's op ed blog
* new to netlingo? get started here...










netlingo word of the year 2024





word of the year: brat

read the blog!



the year 2024 was quite the spectacle! from the summer olympics and taylor swift to the solar eclipse and the ongoing wars... still, one thing stood out the most: the u.s. election. once biden stepped down and harris stepped up, u.s. politics dominated the media. no wonder a grrl needed a "brat summer" to tune out and party on! find out why brat made netlingo's word of the year...




new & updated terms


 snackfish : 
online jargon for snacks that...data center alley : 
similar to siliconia, this...sledging : 
slang for staying in a dead end...parasocial relationship : 
a one-way friendship that many...manosphere : 
the manosphere refers to a cluster...decentralized : 
in tech speak, decentralized refers...scorm : 
scorm is a component of modern...bipoc : 
an acronymused primarily...4b : 
4b refers to no sex, no dating,...coffee badging : 
the habit of checking in at the...cuda : 
cuda is a proprietary parallel...kosa : 
a bill passed by the u.s. senate... 

read more...












 
 









join us on: 
youtube | facebook | x | instagram | tiktok  | substack | linkedin
interesting websites:
views4you: instantly grow your instagram followers!

|twicsy: ultimate resource for gaining instagram followers in an instant!

|buzzoid: partner in achieving a large, engaged instagram following!

|low cost business partner:  dhgate.com
|
 fun & games:
www.cryptolists.com
|casinoburst.com
|vedonlyöntibonukset
|www.uudetkasinot.com
|nonstopcasino.org
|nongamstopbets.com
|non gamstop
|pokervovo
|crypto casino guide
|kasinohai.com
|casino-utan-svensk-licens.net
|uusimmatkasinot.com
|auscasinos.org
|online communities




  













pressall presstelevision & radionewspapers & magazinesweb & educationalawardsmeet erinabout netlingoadvertisesponsorshipsmedia kitlicensinglink to netlingolegalcopyrightprivacy policyterms of usecontactpermission to reproducelink to netlingocontact us 









            © 1995-2025 netlingo is a registered trademark  ® all rights reserved. reproduction requires written permission. 

























