



















































here goes nothing — livejournal





































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































willmugzalizard
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














willmugzalizard







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





 
here goes nothing

about
up and at 'em, atom ant!


profile
willmugzalizardblog mastery since 2004


page summary
 [#] (no subject)  [#] (no subject)  [#] snow!!!  [#] just for susan  [#] my aching back, part deux  [#] my aching back  [#] an update!  [#] (no subject)  [#] i'm a copycat, i know  [#] the new french prime minister 


navigation
recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile previous page


september 2006
 123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930






sep. 4th, 2006 @ 07:50 pm 





any creative ideas as to what to do with a bunch of blank wallspace?i've got all my postcards up, and i'm reluctant to do posters, but otherwise, i'm pretty much open to anything.
(7 comments | leave a comment)




may. 1st, 2006 @ 11:18 am 





fine travis. out of hibernation it is. but just for you.six things you probably didn't know about me (but were afraid to ask?)1. when i was probably 3 or 4 years old, i made myself a superhero alter ego. his name was "mysterious man". his crimefighting duties consisted exclusively of doing somersaults on the couch in the living room of our apartment. i don't remember how this was helpful in the war on crime, but i'm sure it was.2. i have coins stacked on my windowsill separated into $1 piles. 10 dimes, 15 nickels 15 pennies, 7 dimes 1 nickel 1 quarter, all kinds of combinations. $7.3. literally everyone who gave me birthday presents at brown university (4 of my friends) gave me candy. they know me well.4. last time i grew out my beard a while (almost a month actually), i shaved lightning bolts into it. i took pictures on someone else's camera, i'll try to find and post them.5. in third grade one of my friends had some of his m&ms stolen from him, and our class got so intense about it that we made our teacher let us have a mock trial about it. i was working for the prosecution. i fabricated fingerprint evidence by drawing very darkly in pencil on paper, haaving people put their fingers on the lead and then on a piece of tape. the jury saw through this trick; they acquitted.6. i wish, more than anything else, that i was jack black. and if you don't like him, you have clearly not seen "high fidelity". or listened to tenacious d.i don't know if anyone still has this on their friends page, but if the philistine (aka elizabeth phillips) and the reitzestine (aka john reitz) do, i would be delighted to read their replies to said inquiry.happy may day,-willps. i'll be home on may 18 or 19, after reading period, finals and a bitchin time in nyc with travis are over.da jamz: nina simone- strange fruit

(3 comments | leave a comment)



snow!!!

feb. 12th, 2006 @ 12:47 pm 





man, it's the snow i've been waiting for all year. so far it only looks like a few inches, but they say it's going to come down at 2-4 inches an hour. i mean, i could tell you more, but weather.com says it best.so cool.i hope my intramural basketball game isnt cancelled tonight. but if it is, i'm having intramural snowball war.i heard chapel hill got a little snow ("heard" is probably the wrong word--my google home page told me so), but i don't know if it stuck or anything. hahaha suckers. although i doubt the 16-24 inches is going to cancel school up here the way the 3-4 in chapel hill probably will.okay, that's all. hi livejournal world! i saw my shadow, so it'll be another 6 weeks before i post again.hibernatingly,-will
(3 comments | leave a comment)



just for susan

dec. 10th, 2005 @ 11:32 am 





yeah so its been a good 3 months or so.things are fine. i guess.despite not writing in lj's, i still obsessively read them. and susan just "tagged" me to write 7 songs i'm really into right now. and i've never been "tagged" for one of these lj surveys before, so i'm feeling the need to do it. these are kind of goofy good mood songs, which is the mood i've been in the past few days.1. the food- common feat. kanye west2. dr. feelgood- aretha franklin3. nicotine & gravy- beck4. happy valentine's day- outkast5. under pressure- bowie feat. queen6. i feel free- cream7. who loves the sun- velvet undergroundoh, and i'm coming home in 4 days!! that's right, wednesday afternoon i'll be home. i'm super excited. but i've got a bunch of exams between now and then.okay, bye again lj. see you in another 3 months prolly,-willda feelingz: homecomingy!da jamz: the stuff i just wrote about

(6 comments | leave a comment)



my aching back, part deux

sep. 4th, 2005 @ 05:08 pm 





so i got my first backrub here.his name is eric. he was at the booth for burp (the brown university relaxation program) at last night's activities fair. it was...fantastic. i got on the group's email list as soon as i could feel my arms again.in the...metaphorical sense, i guess, it's fitting. i'm starting to get my sea legs here. i can finally find my way to the dining hall, to thayer street (providence's franklin) and a couple of other placees, and i can do it on more than one different route. which always makes me happy. and i'm making a few decent friends here, some people i might even consider keepers. last night was the orientation dance, an event i was sure was going to be socially awk as hell, but i ended going with a few girls, and dancing a lot with a really cute lesbian girl named courtney. this was excellent because a) she was a very good dancer despite sexual orientation, and more importantly b) i got to dance a lot with a really cute girl without fearing any awkwardness. several of us went back to this kid nhut's room (yes, nhut), played pictionary, and went to sleep. good clean fun. it was actually a great time.classes start tuesday, at which point i'm sure i'll stop writing in this again, but i'm very excited about them.anyway, i miss you chapel thrillers a lot. and to all you seniors (who are still juniors in my mind), the invitation is definitely open. bronson 522 is a happening joint, i've got a sweet-ass air mattress, and brown is really an amazing college. late summer and early autumn is the time to be here. the weather is clear and cool and beautiful, and the campus is also gorgeous. the architecture is really random, some neogothic, some stately and oxfordlike, some '70s and cubic, but somehow it all coheres and makes for some amazing views. oh, and its a great school too. so you should come visit.okay. bye guys.-will
(18 comments | leave a comment)


other entries


» my aching back

so today i was driving from maryland to here (connecticut) today. my back was starting to hurt from sitting in the same position. and i thought "i'll just have someone give me a backrub later", because jonah or elizabeth or handley or davis or somebody is always willing to give me a massage, as long as i'm willing to reciprocate. but then i realized that i wont be seeing any of them any time in the near future. and not only that, but it's unlikely that i'm going to be close enough to anyone to ask for a massage for at least a couple of months. not only is that bad news for my back, but for the first time i really came to grips with the fact that my emotional connections are being virtually all severed (in fact, that they already have been). i'll stay in touch and everything, but the truth of the matter is that i've had an amazing group of friends that have been an emotional safety net for me for the last two or three or four or seven years. and i'll establish that kind of thing for myself at brown, but it'll take some time. until then...i mean, i'll be okay. maybe i'll hire a masseuse or something. some swedish babe.anyway, thank you, my wonderful chapel hill friends. i'll see you in december. email me. willguzzo@gmail.com. i'll write back, i swear.-will
aug. 29th, 2005 @ 09:43 pm

(12 comments | leave a comment)

» an update!

surprised? awesome. thats how i like you.i just found these so funny that i had to share them.i think that girl might be jonah's soul mate.and those were funnier at 3am last night when we found them. sorry to let you down.will you hear more from me? soon? ever? dunno. stay on your toes,-willps. its my last day in chapel hill. say goodbye and bemoan my absence. if you're feeling that. i mean, don't force it.
aug. 27th, 2005 @ 10:22 am

(5 comments | leave a comment)

» (no subject)

sobre livejournallivejournal es un instrumento de publicación personal («blogging») — fácil de usar (pero sumamente poderoso y personalizable). está creado con software fuente abierto.unirse al sitio es gratis. los usuarios pueden elegir para mejorar sus cuentas características extra.¿quieres aprender más?por favor, lee nuestro resumen de funciones. ¿estás convencido/a? ¡crea tu propio livejournal!i´m in spain, con la familia. havent posted in about a month, i think. maybe more. i´ve graduated high school. that wasnt exactly the lifechanging sobfest i was expecting. read other blogs for better analyses of this, especially my cousin´s livejournal, at royale_w_cheese, and of course travis´ classic graduation entry. his speech at graduation won first place, but barely, over dvir´s. and then there were the rest. oy.anyway, i´m going to meet eurothunder2k5 in paris for a few days, then be in paris on my own for a couple, then meet the legendary jean-françois in belgium for a few days. i come home on july 4th. america throws me a coming-home party.ciao, amigos,-will
jun. 22nd, 2005 @ 05:21 pm

(2 comments | leave a comment)

» i'm a copycat, i know

i was inspired by laura and edward to googlism myself. will was too broad and guzzardi too specific, so i settled with "guzzo". here's a few (i boldened my favorites):guzzo is entering his 29th year as head wrestling coach at nc stateguzzo is majoring in biology/preguzzo is the winner of the elga brose valente memorial award for composition from uc davisguzzo is living life her way thanks in part to the insurance and investment recommendations ofguzzo is responsibleguzzo is a youngguzzo is the 27 (it's my birthday)guzzo is available from $1200 to $2000guzzo is a man of integrityguzzo is professor of chemistry at the university of wyomingguzzo is an accomplished artist and independent videogame makerguzzo is working on a program on "how to keep up professionally" for the fallguzzo is undertaking a feasibility study on the resumption of excavations and says this report is expected to take two years to completeguzzo is simply playing politicsguzzo is expected to reveal details of why he believes church money is still being used to hush up the controversyguzzo is concerned that opp charges came only after being presented with evidence gathered by private citizensguzzo is known as a renegade among conservativesguzzo is the director of worldwide education at citrix systemsguzzo is the director of sales for north americaguzzo is soprintendente archeologico di pompeiiguzzo is the plumbing and gas inspector for gloucesterguzzo is in charge of this hotguzzo is charged with the play's most antic momentsguzzo is responsible for the full billguzzo is he still kick'in? add reviewguzzo is he still kick'in? dave's homeguzzo is a member of the allguzzo is a little tougher to satisfy and demands just a little bit more from his team during the 2002guzzo is the director of the department of human services of the county of unionguzzo is a former women's new editor of the laramie daily boomerang from 1973guzzo is evaluating the communications departmentguzzo is the perfect accompaniment to conversationsguzzo is definitely more pessimistic than the italian government and also the street consensus regarding this year shortfallguzzo is the universe homogeneous(!!)guzzo is doingguzzo is the america reads replacementguzzo is less certainguzzo is returning to hendrick motorsportsguzzo is charged with the 1992 drugguzzo is 309guzzo is a 3rd degree knight and a member of coguzzo is usually onlyguzzo is italianguzzo is not the only one all fired up after reading your articleguzzo is professor of psychology and management at the university of maryland and has served on the faculties of mcgill university and new yorkguzzo is unlikely within a reasonable periodguzzo is a baseball fanaticguzzo is definitely first on the list; i promised himguzzo is rightguzzo is one of the team's most dangerous serversguzzo is running in ottawa west even though he grew up in centretown and was elected as mpp for the soonenjoy.-guzzo the homogeneous, unlikely knight (still kickin'!)
jun. 2nd, 2005 @ 04:52 pm

(3 comments | leave a comment)

» the new french prime minister


jun. 2nd, 2005 @ 04:30 pm

(leave a comment)

top of page
powered by livejournal.com






























