




home | department of pediatrics






































































 
























skip to the end of the utility bar



unc school of medicine



unc chapel hill

unc health

intranet

login









skip to main content




transforming care and inspiring hope for all children…







search_for:


search




      search this site

      search unc school of medicine











toggle navigation




department of pediatrics



home
about us
specialty care
education
research
quality & safety
faculty development
 



 



from bench to bedside...
we deliver the best possible care to children, regardless of medical complexity or a family’s ability to pay. our faculty teach a modern, innovative curriculum and our learners have the passion and talent it takes to be excellent physicians. 















find a doc



my unc chart



newsletters



contact us



make a gift





pediatrics news
view all news
february 7, 2025in memory of dr. frank frencha retired pediatrics faculty member, dr. frank french passed away on february 7th, 2025. dr. french was a unc resident then a faculty member and scientist from the 1960s through the 2000s. frank french enjoyed a long and productive career with unc pediatric endocrinology, becoming a full professor in 1976 and the director of the laboratory of reproductive biology (lrb) in 1982. dr. french thrived in the laboratory, but it was a clinical experience that truly stimulated his imagination and began his more than half-century research career. during his career, over fifty fellows and postdoctoral research fellows were shaped by his mentorship and teaching.read morejanuary 28, 2025unc health, duke health partner on new children’s hospitalunc health and duke health, two of the world’s top academic health systems, are uniting to create a new children’s health system in north carolina, featuring the state’s first freestanding hospital dedicated to caring for kids. the two institutions filed articles of incorporation jan. 28 with the state of north carolina to establish nc children’s, a private, tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization. plans for nc children’s feature a 500-bed children’s hospital, a children’s outpatient care center and a children’s behavioral health center.read morejanuary 24, 2025welcome new clinical provider: annie westlund, nnpannie westlund, nnp joined the pediatric division of neonatal-perinatal medicine on january 24, 2025. annie graduated in december 2023 from duke with an msn and has been working as an nnp since may 2024. prior to moving to nc, she lived in greenville, sc, where she worked as a nicu nurse for 10 years. during her time as an rn, she helped start the group’s small baby unit and was a member of the transport team for a number of years. we are excited to have her join the unc team. welcome annie!read morejanuary 14, 2025rebuli appointed director of the curriculum in toxicology and environmental medicinemeghan rebuli, phd, atsf, assistant professor in pediatric allergy/immunology, has been appointed as the new director of the curriculum in toxicology and environmental medicine (citem) at the university of north carolina at chapel hill. dr. rebuli will officially assume this role on monday, jan. 13, succeeding ilona jaspers, phd, who has accepted a senior investigator position at the national institute of environmental health sciences, and chief of the nih-wide center for climate change and health research.read morejanuary 14, 2025alexis announced as director of the center for environmental medicine, asthma and lung biologyneil alexis, phd, professor in pediatric allergy/immunology, has been named director of the center for environmental medicine, asthma and lung biology (cemalb). he will take over the role on monday, jan. 13, from ilona jaspers, phd, who has accepted a senior investigator role with the national institutes of health.read morejanuary 14, 2025good elected to american society for clinical investigationmisty good, md, ms, associate professor of pediatrics, division chief of neonatal-perinatal medicine and co-director of carolina child health scholars program, was recently elected to membership of the american society for clinical investigation.read morejanuary 2, 2025jaspers to join national institutes of healthdr. ilona jaspers recently accepted a position as a senior investigator at the national institute of environmental health sciences, and chief of the nih-wide center for climate change and health research.read morejanuary 1, 2025pittenger named pediatrics vice chair of clinical integrationdr. sara pittenger, associate professor of anesthesiology and pediatrics, has been named the inaugural vice chair of clinical integration within the department of pediatrics. dr. pittenger will help lead the alignment and integration of clinical services that cross the sixteen academic departments that are home to children’s specialists.read more 
upcoming events
view all events
feb20pediatric grand roundsthursday 8:00 amfeb20unc children’s meetingthursday 12:00 pmfeb27pediatric grand roundsthursday 8:00 amfeb28cftk 23rd annual  benefit receptionfriday 7:00 pmmar06pediatric grand roundsthursday 8:00 ammar13pediatric grand roundsthursday 8:00 ammar20department of pediatrics meetingthursday 12:00 pmmar27pediatric grand roundsthursday 8:00 am





highlights
clinicalwe are a national leader in medical education, research, clinical care, and advocacy. our physician-scientists and clinicians offer excellent, cutting-edge care in the unc children’s hospital, through telehealth, and in clinic locations across the state. working together, we develop and deliver treatments and cures to help children everywhere.read moreresearchwe have a long history of progressive, national and international investigation in all types of health science research. while investigators continue to pursue substantial bench research, we continue to expand our focus in translational and clinical research.  routinely, we are annually ranked in the top 25 of nih awards to pediatric departments.read morequalitywe emphasize safe and high-quality patient care and are dedicated to improving patient safety and mitigating risks with proactive risk management strategies. in order for us all to achieve positive and long-lasting healthcare transformations, it is essential we identify gaps between actual and desired care and to develop expertise in quality improvement methods.read morein the newsour faculty, staff, and learners are always making news.  we love to see the mission of unc children’s and the department of pediatrics reflected in the media. whether we’re announcing promotions and research awards, welcoming new leaders, or sharing good news about growth and improvements in children’s services at unc, you can find it here.read more 



our numbers rock
we inspire each other every day. with pride in our mission and our accomplishments, it is an honor to be surrounded by these exceptionally talented and dedicated faculty, staff, and learners. our teams are tireless advocates for children and families throughout the state and beyond.








for more than half a century, the department of pediatrics at the university of north carolina school of medicine has offered excellent, cutting-edge care in our children’s units at unc hospitals. 2002 marked the beginning of a new era. for the first time, all pediatric services were provided out of a single state-of-the-art facility, nc children’s hospital. located on the unc medical campus in chapel hill, nc, the children’s hospital allows the department to provide complete inpatient and outpatient care for children in one location, a true children’s hospital.


 










unc department of pediatrics 260 macnider hall, cb# 7220
333 south columbia st
chapel hill, nc 27599-7220
(919) 966-1505 office telephone
(919) 966-7299 fax
(984) 974-1401 patient appointments

social media@uncchildrens on twitter
facebook
children’s hospital on instagram
youtube
links of interestfind a doctor
unc children’s
make a gift
 











 © 2025 department of pediatrics

accessibility
privacy statement
intranet


notice of privacy practices
aviso de practicas privadas
nondiscrimination notice
aviso de no discriminacion


surprise billing and good faith estimate notices
avisos de facturas médicas sorpresas y avisos de presupuestos de buena fe





















 



