



carolinas group psychotherapy society - home





menu
log in




home




about us



bylaws




sitemap







group therapy



find a therapy group







events



what to expect at a workshop







membership



renew membership




join now







join now!




donate

























remember me


forgot password
















log in









search






 








home




about us



bylaws




sitemap







group therapy



find a therapy group







events



what to expect at a workshop







membership



renew membership




join now







join now!




donate









welcome everyone, our spring workshop will be in april. please stay tuned for the dates and speakers. 

upcoming events save these datesand stay tuned!


no upcoming events



we are planning our fall 2024 workshop with a focus of group therapy and substance abuse treatment.stay tuned!



an article by one of our board members!

read the article by our dei workshop presenter and board member, vinny dehili:
cultural awareness— color blind
raising awareness and honoring the sociocultural transference threads throughout group therapy.
by vinny malik dehili, phd, cgp date created: november 8, 2021; 11 min read

board of directors












a message from the co-president
for me, connection is the
essence of being human.
i also consider
connection to be the essence of spirituality. since ‘spirituality’ can be a
loaded word, i feel the need to explain my use of it. as a minister, i have
thought much about the divine. i believe the divine is experienced in the
quality of our relationships, our connections. the healthier they are, the more they are the
presence of the divine between and among us.
 a well-run group is a spiritual experience for
me, because skillfully led groups enhance the quality of connections
between the participants. my experiential definition of a well-run group is one where it is safe to be
vulnerable – it is safe to be your tender, true self.
i first became president of carolinas group psychotherapy society in 2023 because its values line up with my personal values. the quality of the connections made in our workshop groups allows our members to take risks, feel known, and incrementally become more whole.this is also the essence of being human, and so important to me.it might surprise
you to learn that i am not a certified group psychotherapist. i am, however,
pursuing that credential, because i want to lead high quality groups where it
is safe to be vulnerable, where we can be our true selves and see ourselves
through the eyes of others – with shame not taking charge. this safety frees people to choose to change what they wish to change. the
group becomes a safe place to practice new skills until they are solid.
providing this safe container is what i expect of a solid group leader.
so, in the community of cgps, we learn how to find tune our groups to be a safe place to be vulnerable and to grow as professionals. our organization attracts liked-minded professionals who share similar values about the importance of connection, safety,
and vulnerability. related skills, for instance, compassion, patient listening, and respect, to name a few, flourish in our professional society.
if you like the idea
of therapists supporting each other in living these values in life and
work, please consider joining us. volunteer with us, join a committee or our board, and have the full experience of this affirming community. i invite you to help us spread the power of groups.
yours truly,
brian p. clougherty, m.a., m.div. lcmhc, ncc
co-
president, cgps
durham,
nc


completed event:recording available for members!


members click here to go to recording page for managing suicide risk for group therapists

presented by tony l. sheppard, psy.d., cgp, fagparecorded july 22 at 12:00 to 1:30 pmclick here for event information

to receive notice of events

click here and subscribe to our email list

become a member!

click here to join us
 
 
 
cgps interviews

interested in what cgps has to offer?
want to learn more?watch our video of tom thorsheim interviewing our past president, susan orovitz, and our program organizer, derek easleyapril 3rd, 2018



interview with richard schwartz, presenter for our 2016 fall workshop "internal family systems in group psychotherapy:your parts, my parts and the self"april, 2016


 

 
here's our past events

 past brief events







 

workshop & intensives

all events

past workshop intensives








 
what others are saying

“i have found it to be rare for people in professional spaces to get into these types of conversations about group, personal, and professional growth. this is the only conference where you are invited to bring your whole self to the group process. the ability to engage and talk about what you’re learning in the moment – what is coming up for you and how it relates to others…it’s fantastic.”
- agustina vidal | student and returning workshop attendee


“what i love about cgps is the sense of belonging to a community and the relationships that result.  i met by best friend, caroline, through cpgs, and she and i attended together for years.  she has since passed away.  i expressed some grief around caroline’s passing during small group, and the group leader’s response was a moment of grace for me.  the facilitator had an ability to hone in on the g group or individual interpretation in a really powerful way.  the workshop is a training environment but you can’t not bring yourself to the process  and so there’s this opportunity to stretch and grow.”- jae brainard • lcsw multi-year workshop attendee

 
“you get to learn on two levels. you have the more intellectual level in the academic, structured discussions. the speakers and training have been really good both times i have attended. and then you also participate in the unstructured process groups and experience the way those kinds of process groups work, which is really rich. i saw all the group dynamics going on in myself and in other people in the group. i had a group facilitator who made the small groups reflect the larger discussions, and that grew in me more of a gut level, internal awareness of group work. the people are incredibly warm and inviting, which really embodies the focus on group work. inviting people into community is an important skill of facilitating group process, and it really shows at cgps in the way people i have met have treated me.”- john craichy • lcsw - a two-time workshop attendee

























carolinas grouppsychotherapy society

president.cgps@gmail.com(984) 363-6425email us

© 2021  carolinas group psychotherapy society 
north and south carolinas regional affiliate of the agpa



connect with us
















 









powered by wild apricot membership software






