

alternative dispute resolution



























































about intellectual property
ip training
ip outreach
ip for…
ip and...
ip in...
patent & technology information
trademark information
industrial design information
geographical indication information
plant variety information (upov)
ip laws, treaties & judgements
ip resources
ip reports
patent protection
trademark protection
industrial design protection
geographical indication protection
plant variety protection (upov)
ip dispute resolution
ip office business solutions
paying for ip services
negotiation & decision-making
development cooperation
innovation support
public-private partnerships
the organization
working with wipo
accountability
patents
trademarks
industrial designs
geographical indications
copyright
trade secrets
wipo academy
workshops & seminars
world ip day
wipo magazine
raising awareness
case studies & success stories
ip news
wipo awards
business
universities
indigenous peoples
judiciaries
genetic resources, traditional knowledge and traditional cultural expressions
economics
gender equality
global health
climate change
competition policy
sustainable development goals
enforcement
frontier technologies
mobile applications
sports
tourism
patentscope
patent analytics
international patent classification
ardi – research for innovation
aspi – specialized patent information
global brand database
madrid monitor
article 6ter express database
nice classification
vienna classification
global design database
international designs bulletin
hague express database
locarno classification
lisbon express database
global brand database for gis
pluto plant variety database
genie database
wipo-administered treaties
wipo lex - ip laws, treaties & judgments
wipo standards
ip statistics
wipo pearl (terminology)
wipo publications
country ip profiles
wipo knowledge center
wipo technology trends
global innovation index
world intellectual property report
pct – the international patent system
epct
budapest – the international microorganism deposit system
madrid – the international trademark system
emadrid
article 6ter (armorial bearings, flags, state emblems)
hague – the international design system
ehague
lisbon – the international system of appellations of origin and geographical indications
elisbon
upov prisma
mediation
arbitration
expert determination
domain name disputes
centralized access to search and examination (case)
digital access service (das)
wipo pay
current account at wipo
wipo assemblies
standing committees
calendar of meetings
wipo official documents
development agenda
technical assistance
ip training institutions
covid-19 support
national ip strategies
policy & legislative advice
cooperation hub
technology and innovation support centers (tisc)
technology transfer
inventor assistance program
wipo green
wipo's pat-informed
accessible books consortium
wipo for creators
wipo alert
member states
observers
director general
activities by unit
external offices
job vacancies
procurement
results & budget
financial reporting
oversight



alternative dispute resolution


statement of provisions potentially applicable to wipo global ip services regarding ukraine and the russian federation

the wipo arbitration and mediation center offers time- and cost-efficient alternative dispute resolution (adr) options, such as mediation, arbitration, expedited arbitration, and expert determination to enable private parties to settle their domestic or cross-border commercial disputes. the wipo center is international and specialized in ip and technology disputes. the wipo center is also the global leader in the provision of domain name dispute resolution services  under the wipo-designed udrp.


why consider wipo adr?


wipo adr is specialized, flexible and confidential. its consensual nature often results in a less adversarial process, allowing the parties to begin, continue, or enhance profitable business relationships with each other. if well managed, adr can save time and money. read more on adr advantages.


who can use wipo adr?


wipo adr options have been used by large-sized companies, smes and startups across industries and sectors, artists and inventors, r&d centers, universities, producers and collecting societies. read more on the wipo case experience.


do you want to include a wipo adr clause in a contract?


the wipo center provides recommended adr contract clauses to facilitate party agreement to refer a dispute to wipo adr. the wipo center also makes available the wipo clause generator.


are you already involved in a dispute?


the wipo center makes available procedural information and filing guidelines for wipo mediation, arbitration and expert determination options. the wipo center also provides good offices services.
if you are involved in a domain name dispute, you can visit wipo’s domain name dispute resolution services website.




contact us



featured
 
wipo arbitration and mediation center events and webinars










email updates
wipo adr highlights – news and practice pointers on wipo’s services for resolving ip disputes outside courts.
domain name decisions - updates on domain name dispute decisions; and other wipo arbitration and mediation center news. daily.
sign up | all wipo newsletters



wipo adr stories
read our wipo adr stories to discover how adr is used in practice.





paraguay: mediation as a tool to combat piracy and counterfeiting of products
counterfeiting and piracy are global threats that affect intellectual property (ip) rights holders, consumers and economies alike. in paraguay, these illicit activities have posed a significant challenge, particularly for markets like luxury goods and pharmaceuticals. to address this problem, paraguay’s national intellectual property office, (dinapi) has adopted an innovative approach: mediation
read more




how do smes benefit from mediation to resolve their ip disputes?
smes account for 90% of all businesses worldwide and 70% of global employment. wipo promotes the use of mediation among smes to reduce the impact of disputes in innovation and creative processes.
read more




how wipo’s online tools help the resolution of copyright disputes in mexico
in order to respond to the meeting and travel restrictions caused by the covid-19 pandemic, the national institute of copyright of mexico (indautor) and the wipo arbitration and mediation center make available online conciliation meetings to resolve copyright disputes in mexico.
read more




resolving foreign-related ip disputes pending before courts in shanghai through wipo mediation
the wipo arbitration and mediation shanghai service was established in october 2019 in the china (shanghai) pilot free trade zone. it is the first foreign arbitral institution approved by the ministry of justice of the people’s republic of china to be engaged in arbitration and mediation of foreign-related ip dispute cases in china.
read more




how women are making a difference in ip dispute resolution
intellectual property (ip) is a critical component of modern economies, powering innovation and creativity. in 2023, on world intellectual property day (marked every april 26), we celebrate women and ip: accelerating innovation and creativity, commemorating women who continue to make significant contributions to ip, while raising awareness about the challenges faced when participating in the ip system. the field of ip benefits when women engage in innovation and creativity, providing for a diverse and inclusive ecosystem, and improving our collective capability to transition to a more sustainable future, including how ip disputes are resolved.
read more




supporting the creative industries in resolving copyright and content disputes
what do disputes related to the international co-production of a film, the development of a mobile application, the rights to the design of a video game scenario, or the payment of royalties for the use of a song, all have in common? they have a negative impact on creators as well as the commercial exploitation of their ip rights. to reduce such impact, parties can refer their copyright and content disputes to mediation and arbitration. the wipo arbitration and mediation center actively collaborates with the ministry of culture, sports and tourism of the republic of korea (mcst) to raise awareness of and provide dispute resolution services to the creative industries in the republic of korea and beyond.
read more




wipo digital tools facilitate access to justice in tanzania
in a significant step towards facilitating access to justice and efficient dispute resolution, the wipo arbitration and mediation center (wipo center) has initiated a collaborative project with the judiciary of tanzania. through this project, launched last august, the wipo center makes available at no cost wipo online meeting platforms in mediation cases before the judiciary of tanzania, allowing parties and mediators to meet easily online, with greater convenience and flexibility.to date, the wipo center has hosted over 20 online mediation meetings, with the parties and mediators involved providing very positive feedback. in addition to streamlining case management for the judiciary, the online conduct of mediation meetings has had a considerable impact on the participation of the parties in the proceedings, that no longer have to travel long distances or face the challenges of network issues. by equipping the judiciary of tanzania with the necessary online meeting tools and support, wipo aims to bridge distance and facilitate access to justice to all parties across the country.
read more




alternative dispute resolution – a game-changer for copyright and entertainment disputes in africa
in africa, disputes over intellectual property (ip) rights are a common occurrence in the entertainment industry, especially when it comes to copyright infringement and contractual disagreements between artists and production companies. however, there is now an alternative way to resolve these disputes that is gaining popularity – alternative dispute resolution (adr) methods, such as mediation. this game-changing approach is being supported by copyright offices and sector organizations in the region, recognizing the sector’s needs.
read more








wipo dispute resolution options


 
(photo: getty/abelmitjavarela)


mediation
an informal consensual process in which the mediator assists the parties in reaching a settlement of their dispute, based on the parties’ respective interests.


how to submit a request for wipo mediation
more about wipo mediation





(photo: gettyimages)


arbitration and expedited arbitration
a procedure in which the parties submit their dispute to one or more arbitrators, for a binding and final decision (award).


how to submit a request for wipo arbitration/expedited arbitration
more about wipo arbitration and expedited arbitration





(photo: getty/mangostar)


expert determination
a procedure in which the parties submit a specific matter (e.g., technical question, valuation of ip assets, establishment of royalty rates) to one or more experts who make a determination on the matter.


how to submit a request for wipo expert determination
more about wipo expert determination





(photo: getty/stasperov)


domain name disputes
global online enforcement tools to reclaim a domain name that unfairly targets your trademark (known as cybersquatting).


how to submit a domain name complaint
more about wipo domain name dispute resolution services 





key user resources

model clauses


wipo adr clauses
wipo clause generator
drafting efficient dispute resolution clauses




rules and tools


wipo mediation, arbitration, expedited arbitration, and expert determination rules
wipo schedule of fees and costs and fee calculator
wipo neutrals
wipo online case tools




reference


wipo caseload
wipo center publications
commentary on wipo arbitration rules
bibliography on ip adr
mediation case examples
arbitration case examples




events and training


events
webinars
wipo academy online adr course
wipo adr young





wipo adr services for specific sectors
in addition to its adr services for all types of ip and technology disputes, the wipo center also provides tailored dispute resolution in a number of specific ip sectors.



(photo: getty/peshkov)

information and communication technology
a significant part of wipo adr cases concern information and communication technology (ict) disputes. wipo adr services for the ict industry also include tailored model submission agreements that parties may use to refer a dispute concerning the determination of fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory (frand) terms to wipo adr.


guidance on wipo frand adr





(photo: getty/todortsvetkov)

research and development
to optimize dispute resolution in the r&d and technology transfer sector, the wipo center collaborates with relevant stakeholders. this includes the development and dissemination of model r&d agreements, which recommend wipo mediation and arbitration options.


model r&d agreements





(photo: getty/xavierarnau)

copyright and content
wipo adr procedures are regularly used by creators, collective management organizations (cmos), and companies, to resolve copyright- and content-related disputes without the need for court litigation.


report on digital copyright- and content-related disputes





(photo: getty/sanjeri)

life sciences
the wipo center provides dispute resolution advice and case administration services to facilitate contract negotiations between parties or to help parties resolve disputes in the area of life sciences.


wipo adr for life sciences







wipo center services for member states
the wipo center collaborates with member states’ ip offices and courts to promote adr methods to prevent and resolve ip and technology disputes. this includes:

raising awareness of adr for ip disputes;
assisting ip and copyright offices with adr case administration (including co-administration, training of neutrals and online case administration tools); and
participation in the development of model r&d model agreements including adr options.

the wipo center also assists country code top-level domains (cctlds) administrators with domain name dispute resolution.

contact us

wipo arbitration and mediation center (geneva)
34, chemin des colombettes1211 geneva 20 switzerland
t +4122 338 8247f +4122 740 3700e arbiter.mail@wipo.int



wipo arbitration and mediation center (singapore)
maxwell chambers suites28 maxwell road #02-14singapore 069120
t +65 6225 2129f +65 6225 3568e arbiter.mail@wipo.int



linkedin
follow the wipo center linkedin page.
sign up
podcast
wipod arbitration and mediation matters.
subscribe






related links

domain name disputes
procedures available to resolve disputes related to the bad-faith registration of domain names corresponding to third-party trademarks.



other ip services


pct system (patents)
madrid system (trademarks)
hague system (designs)











https://www3.wipo.int/contact/en/area.jsp?area=arbitration
https://www.wipo.int/pressroom/en/
https://www.wipo.int/tools/en/disclaim.html
https://www.wipo.int/en/web/privacy-policy/
https://www.wipo.int/en/web/accessibility/
https://www.wipo.int/tools/en/sitemap.html
https://www3.wipo.int/newsletters/en/
https://www.wipo.int/en/web/podcasts/
https://www.wipo.int/news/en/






