







cheeves bros steakhouse – a classic approach to fine dining in the heart of texas









































































 











skip to content
 







 





 








menuslunch dinner dessert  private diningtier 1 menu tier 2 menu tier 3 menu  gift cards gallery about contact  










reservations























$0.00

0
 cart




 











facebook
 



instagram
 














 








 





 








 



 































 










where sophistication is always in style. 











welcome to cheeves brothers steakhouse, the epitome of culinary excellence in temple, texas! nestled in the heart of downtown temple, texas, our restaurant is the perfect destination for those seeking an unforgettable dining experience. with a rich history dating back to 2002, cheeves brothers steakhouse has been a local favorite, renowned for its mouthwatering steaks and warm texan hospitality. 



learn more 









































								lunch							







							view lunch menu						

















								dinner							







							view dinner menu						

















								wine list							







							view wine list						














 



 






















make a reservation now















































the experience 










cheeves brothers steak house is a white tablecloth steak house between dallas and austin, texas. it is proud to be privately-owned and operated. an oasis of luxury and class in the pastoral heart of central texas, cheeves brothers steak house offers a dining experience you won’t soon forget. enjoy the timeless, old-world décor with warm lighting, then partake of the mouthwatering u.s.d.a. prime steaks and south african lobster tails. enhance it all with a glass of fine wine straight from the perfectly acclimated wine cellar that has garnered the wine spectator award for 8 years in a row. cheeves brothers steak house is a haven for those who know and expect the best. travelers from far and near have become devotees of the cheeves brothers outstanding award-winning menu, impeccable service, and unsurpassed atmosphere. cheeves brothers steakhouse requires business casual dress in main dining room. 







 


















the bar 










a popular destination for the downtown business community, the bar at cheeves is the perfect spot for an evening wind-down. choose from our award-winning wine list or from our extensive selection of top-shelf cocktails prepared by our friendly and knowledgeable bartenders. 







 







drink specials 



50% off wines by the glass, bottled beers, draft beers, and all call liqours all day, everyday 



choose from tito’s handmade vodka, bacardi rum, beefeater gin, jose cuervo especial gold tequila, jack daniel’s whiskey, crown royal, & dewar’s scotch. 










happy hour appetizers 



									50% off appetizersmonday-thursday5 pm- 7pm								



promotions valid in the bar and lounge only may exclude holiday dates 




























 



 






 















a cheeves brothers gift card is the perfect way to celebrate any special occasion or just to say, thank you! 










purchase gift card 


















a truly unique dining experience 








































 

 







view full gallery 






















 

















monday-friday11 am – 10 pm 










saturday5 pm – 10 pm 







fine dining at its best 










welcome to cheeves brothers steakhouse, the epitome of culinary excellence in temple, texas! nestled in the heart of downtown temple, our restaurant is the perfect destination for those seeking an unforgettable dining experience. 







navigation 










menus lunch  dinner  dessert   private dining tier 1 menu  tier 2 menu  tier 3 menu   gift cards  gallery  about  contact   







contact 










14 e. ave. atemple, texas254.742.2300 










connect 










 



 











 

















monday-friday11 am – 10 pm 










saturday5 pm – 10 pm 







fine dining at its best 










welcome to cheeves brothers steakhouse, the epitome of culinary excellence in temple, texas! nestled in the heart of downtown temple, our restaurant is the perfect destination for those seeking an unforgettable dining experience. 







navigation 










menus lunch  dinner  dessert   private dining tier 1 menu  tier 2 menu  tier 3 menu   gift cards  gallery  about  contact   







contact 










14 e. ave. atemple, texas254.742.2300 










connect 










 



 











© 2024 cheeves brothers steakhouse. all rights reserved. 















 go to top









menu 










menus lunch  dinner  dessert   private dining tier 1 menu  tier 2 menu  tier 3 menu   gift cards  gallery  about  contact   



 






 










 clear



 search






 












































































