














la follette school of public affairs – inspiring evidence-based policymaking – uw–madison




































 











skip to main content




university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









la follette school of public affairs

inspiring evidence-based policymaking




search






menu
open menu


close





home
academics
admissions
students
career development
research
outreach
alumni
about
 



faculty & staff
events
news
make a gift
 






learn about our master's degree programs 

 
 

this fall, we hosted in-person community conversations across wisconsin focused on fostering civil dialogue.

learn about this project 






 


the robert m. la follette school of public affairs



academicsour programs give students the knowledge and hands-on experience to be policy leaders. are you ready to make a difference?



            graduate  programs
more

 



            undergraduate  certificates
more

 











faculty expertslearn from the experts. our award-winning faculty research policy solutions that address family finance, public health, global economics, and much more.



            meet our  faculty
more

 










the robert m. la follette school of public affairs at the university of wisconsin–madison is a leading academic institution in improving the design, implementation, and evaluation of public policy and the practice of governance.

 
 
 
 






training tomorrow’s leaders, inspiring policy for today
learn more about us and our mission



 
 
 
 




news


supporting state service agenciesfebruary 17, 2025la follette at work: alumni report strong employment outcomesfebruary 17, 2025students gain applied policy research experience through new internships addressing povertyfebruary 17, 2025“eat and greet” series connects students with policy expertsfebruary 17, 2025more news 
more

 



events


 

feb
19




legislative fiscal bureau career chat

february 19, 2025 @ 1:00 pm - 2:00 pm
                            
                            sterling hall, conference room 1328 get directions 




feb
21




chat with a current graduate student

february 21, 2025 @ 10:00 am - 12:30 pm
                            
                            online event  




feb
26




la follette school community gathering

february 26, 2025 @ 12:25 pm - 1:10 pm
                            
                            sterling hall, conference room 1328 get directions 


more events 
more

 
 
 
 





 
subscribe 
sign up for emails about news and events.

 
 
 
 


our students






 



sukhvir singh, mpa-mph

"i hope to contribute to criminal justice reform by analyzing and advocating for policy changes surrounding the health of currently and formerly incarcerated individuals."

 





 



kao lee yang, mpa, phd in neuroscience

"the wonderful partnership between the la follette school and the neuroscience training program allows students in the combined program to simultaneously develop skills in science and policy."

 





 



angela maloney, mpa

"learning more about the human impact of policy as well as the benefit of being able to obtain an mpa with just one additional year post-undergrad were huge draws for me."

 
 
 
 




read more student profiles »

 
 
 
 


why choose la follette?


 





 



high-value programs
the la follette school offers one of the best value public policy master’s degrees in the u.s.

                  learn more                



a capital location
with scenic lakes, year-round activities, and easy access to the state's capitol, there's a lot to love in madison, wi.

                  learn more                



launch your dream career
dedicated staff and special events help students connect with government and policy-focused employers.

                  learn more                


 


 
 
 
 




serving the wisconsin idea






            convening  events
more

 



            partnering with  communities
more

 



            supporting  policymakers
more

 



 

 
 
 
 




support the school

 



keep in touch

 



find an expert

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
academicsstudents
courses
master of international public affairs
master of public affairs
undergraduate certificate in public policy
undergraduate certificate in health policy
 
key topicsland acknowledgement
research areas
events
outreach
career development


contact usrobert m. la follette school of public affairs
1225 observatory drive
madison, wi 53706

 map
map marker


email: info@lafollette.wisc.edu
phone: 608-262-3581

x twitter


facebook


linkedin


instagram


youtube


flickr

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: webmaster@lafollette.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.















