







antique and classic boats for sale | mitch lapointe























 

 

  


 
 home 
 | 
 boats for sale 
 |  inboard marine engines 
 | 
  restoration shop 
|

 trailers 






 


         classic boats 
      & antique  boats  





          classic boats for sale  


          archives: sold  classic boats  

 
          classic inboard engines    
 
          classic boat restoration shop    
 

          sell your antique boat 


          how to restore a classic boat 


          facebook   
 
          mahogany lumber    

          identify your classic chris craft & hull numbers 
 

          about us    

          privacy policy  




 


            custom trailers  
 
we stock 
      trailers for classic wooden boats       in various sizes from 17 ft on up.   



1928 26' chris craft triple cockpit for sale





 we deliver!
 






        can i have it varnished before mitch delivers?   



          yes, if you allow for some lead time. the earlier you reserve your spot in the restoration shop, the better.       






1954 19' chris craft racing runabout for sale








1948 25' chris craft sportsman sedan twin engine for sale 



1947 17' chris craft deluxe runabout for sale








 
            classic boats for sale & vintage rebuilt engines
            specializing in classic chris craft boats           
        


            serving the antique boat community for 40 years
         

            usa - canada - europe
         


 

         welcome to classicboat.com 
your source for classic boat sales, restoration and information. 

we hope you will enjoy browsing  the pictures of our 
         
           classic boats for sale       
        . here you will encounter  exciting antique boats by chris craft, hacker craft, garwood, riva, ventnor, century and stan craft. you will no doubt notice that we no longer delete the  "sold" boats, as they come in handy as a ready reference for hull style, instruments, deck hardware and all those details that go into identifying classic boats  or obtaining correct parts. the newer boats are always near the top of the list for your convenience and the "sold" listings are clearly marked and moved further down. 


           who owns the boats?     
         




           we own most of the classic boats that you see on this website, but  we also serve as a classic boat broker in some cases.     
         







           classic boat restoration shop
        

           we offer complete 
           
              classic boat restoration services          
            
          for all types of wooden boats including cruisers up to about 40 feet long, inboard runabouts, outboard boats and sail boats.         
        





           visit us in glencoe, mn.    
 

           please call ahead! mitch travels a lot, so let us know when you are coming and we will be ready to greet you! our classic boat showroom and 
        restoration shop        
         
           is located just 45 minutes west of the minneapolis / st. paul international airport in the town of glencoe. you will enjoy the pleasant drive through farm country on paved highway all the way.     
         


           call anytime     
        

           our antique boats often sell before we have a chance to photograph them and get them on the web site, so please feel free to call and find out what's in stock. we are here 10 am to 5 pm central time mon-fri, but you can often catch us after hours and on weekends as well.     
         

           email alerts     
        

           we recommend you  sign up for the  email 
     alerts. just type your email address into the box below.  each time we add a new listing to the web site, you will receive an email within minutes complete with a picture, description and price. sometimes the really popular boats will sell the same day they are listed, so the email alerts are a good way to stay in the loop.     
        





                    get email alerts  of new antique boats! 



email:









           faq      
        

           call us with all your questions about classic boat ownership. we are happy to answer your questions about storage, maintenance, towing and navigating. 



        952-471-3300
 
           (10 am - 5 pm central time).


     why buy a boat from a classic boat dealer?

        well, for one thing, our showroom has a wide assortment of antique and classic boats for you to compare. we offer lengths from 17 ft up to 31 feet and conditions range from project boat to show quality. as a   dealer and restorer, we can also  paint a new name on your transom, provide a new custom trailer, a canvas cover, or change out the upholstery. we rebuild engines and do every kind of electrical and mechanical work in our  restoration shop  and we deliver! 
 


     classic runabout vs utility 

 
           runabouts feature an engine under the deck, accessible through a hinged hatch. utilities feature an engine under an engine box in the middle of the boat.  runabouts are often sleek and stylish, while utilities are  are great for swimming and skiing. you will quickly discover that you can  get more "stuff" in a utility, such as coolers, beach towels, swim toys, skiis and even the family dog. examples of chris-craft runabouts include barrel-back, riviera, capri, racing runabout and triple cockpit boats. examples of utilities that we sell include sportsman, holiday, continental and sea skiff.
        

           what about length?

 
          first-time wooden boat owners sometimes go for the smallest speedboat they can find, assuming it will be easier to handle, but we generally 
       

          recommend buying the largest classic wooden boat that will suit your purposes. you will notice a definate improvement in rough water performance for every added foot of length. in most cases   wooden boats offer a smoother ride than fiberglass boats  of the same length.


        
          classic boat prices
       
  
          since we own our classic boats, the price of each 
          boat is relative to the others. the higher priced boats are more desirable due to 
          features, looks, rarity and condition.  you will notice that our  inventory is priced with a high degree of consistency, relative to model and condition.  

          other web sites may list classic boats for many different owners, and  you will see prices all over the board. this is because inexperienced sellers tend to  look at each other's ads for pricing information.  


          antique boat maintenance questions      
     


       how often do you have to varnish  antique and classic boats? well, that depends on how often you use them. marine varnish has an ultra-violet absorber, but this chemical is used up when it reacts with sunlight, so eventually you  need to apply more varnish. a good rule of thumb is that if you are using your  boat every weekend during the summer, you will need to add 3-4 coats of varnish every  3-4 years. classic boat bottoms are painted with either anti-fouling paint (less common) or hard racing bronze (very common) or a glossy topside enamel. the hard racing bottom paints last many years, as do the enamels. anti-fouling paints need to be recoated every one or two years, and are not used much these days. all wooden boats require shelter from  direct sunlight when not in use.    
       
rebuilt engines for classic boats 

          we have about 60 
          classic chris 
    craft  engines  
    in stock, ready to rebuild and ship to your marina or mechanic in the 48 states. we will even take your old vintage engine on trade.  we specialize in chris craft 6 cylinder hercules engines and classic inboard v8 engines, including vintage chevy 283 v8s.      
           


          selling your classic boat      
           

          call mitch to 
          
             sell your classic chris craft boat 
         in any condition, he will pick it up anywhere 
         in the continental usa, and pay you on the spot. in most cases, we prefer to buy your classic boat outright rather than consign it, but we do offer antique and classic boat broker services.  


          identify your classic chris craft      
     

          check out our 
          chris 
          craft hull numbers  
          page to identify your chris craft antique boats by hull number, 
    year manufactured, model name and length. color photos included for identification purposes. 
 
 

boat collection:   
brainerd, minnesota
 call for appointment and directions.  

          phone: 952-471-3300    


office phone hours: monday - friday 10 am - 6 pm cst 






 parts  | 
         site map| 
         contact  us | 
         books about antique boats  
wooden boat links| 
         
      wooden boatbuilders of the past 







