



  



wheat works | finance made easy


























































 















toggle navigation








home
blog
contact us
privacy policy
 




















wheat works 



what works makes finance easy! we help you super easy with understanding what different type of loans will cost you, how you can save money, if a real estate investment makes sense and much more.  







 
read more






















professional analysis 



loan formulasreal estate investment analysiscash flow projectionbudgeting softwarein general: we will help you with your money and finances, either if you want to save or invest, ie. in a new home. 






get in touch








































 







finance made simple 



our goal is to make finance and money simple for you.  











real estate example: analyzing investment opportunities 



find the best property plans under your budget. create an investment that you will not regret. find the right prices for the property. 







property valuation 






 
estimate the value of a property with the right equipment and sources. 










maintenance expenses 






 
add curb value to your property with the right maintenance budget. 










turnover costs 






 
estimate the future worth of a property with our accurate analysis reports. 




















"they have the best online finance explanations to connect with their customers. i was greatly benefited from their consultation more than once. congratulations to the entire team! "



 

christopher morrison
















latest from our blog 



 
how to save money when moving to a new home
december 29, 2021
 

 

here comes the next post in our series on “how to save money,” where we share tips on how you can save money in a wide array of situations. today we’ll be having a look at an area that most of you are probably familiar with; moving places.
there are various costs involved in moving, such as the moving truck, the cost of hiring a mover, and even packing materials. there are also intangible costs such as time and stress.
when it comes to the intangible costs, every move is different and will be affected by your motivation for moving. moving houses can be an exciting experience or a stressful one depending on how far you’ve come and how much you’ve put into preparing for your move.
and when it comes to the tangible costs, this is what we’ll be focusing on in this post.
buy second-hand furniture

moving can be a very overwhelming experience for many people. it’s not only a hassle to pack up all of your belongings and find a new place to live – it can also be very expensive. that’s why it is important to consider what you’re going to do with your furniture before you move into that new place.
you may not feel like you have a choice in the matter, but what if we told you that you do? in fact, you (and potentially your partner) have sole power in choosing what you will bring to your new home. you don’t have to buy new, “hip,” and expensive furniture. buying furniture second-hand is one of the best ways to save money when moving.
get rid of any items you don’t need
if you’re a student or a recent graduate, chances are that you’ll be moving into an apartment for the first time. you may find yourself with the daunting task of packing up all your belongings and moving them to your new home. of course, it can be hard to know what to do with all of the things you own.
moving is a major undertaking and comes with a big price tag. in an article featuring 42 ways to save money on your next move, the moving blog moversville recommends that you get rid of as much stuff as possible to save money on your move. this will also save you time and energy, as there will simply be fewer things to set up in your new apartment or house.
find a moving company that offers the right package
if you are moving to a new home some time soon, you want to find a company that offers the right package for you. from full-service packing and shipping to just loading and driving, companies have many different packages available. you just need to find the one that is right for you.
in a live webinar back in november, the norway-based moving company majoren flyttebyrå i oslo featured the following tips for reducing costs of your next movers service:

use a reputable company
hire professionals for packing
take advantage of special offers
negotiate with movers for reduced price through group rates

do your research on the cost of renting in your new area
be sure to do your research on the cost of renting in your new area so you don’t get stuck with a lease you can’t afford. this is actually one of the biggest things you can do to save money, since rent is among the largest long-term expenses you will pay. if you want to be more prepared, try using an app like rentberry before packing up and moving.
make a list of all your furniture, appliances, and other items
moving to a new home is an exciting experience, but it can also be stressful. luckily, there are ways to make the process easier. one of the first things you should do is make a list of all the items you own to avoid forgetting anything important. start by listing all your furniture and appliances, as these are the most expensive items. you should also include smaller items like decorations or kitchenware. having this list will make it easier to know what furniture you need to buy, and what you don’t need to buy. 

 
how to save money on home renovations, according to one of norway’s biggest construction companies
october 8, 2021february 20, 2022
 

 

doing home renovations is a pastime that may be completed at any time of the year. whether you want to upgrade the outside or the inside of your home, there are many ways to save money on home renovations.
today we will feature some of the best tips from one of norway’s biggest construction companies, whose ceo we were so fortunate to be given an interview with, given our interest in anything that helps our readers save money. 
vest norsk bygg
vest norsk bygg is a turnkey contractor in bergen that has expertise in everything from drawing and visualizing people’s dream home, to building and completing large building projects. they build houses, apartments, cabins, offices, and official buildings – and they also assist in refurbishing and renovating people’s homes. 
on their website byggefirma bergen they say that one of the most important ways to avoid hassle with your home renovations – which can lead to a lot of wasted money – is to choose a local professional who knows the weather and seasons of your area. someone who is not local may not be as well equipped to, for example, use the right materials or methods to protect your house’s walls when refurbishing them. 
ceo harald hårvik confirms the importance of this tip, and shares some others that can help us save money on home renovations. 
research the project before you start
doing research is important before you start renovating your home. it will save you time and money in the long run.
one way that research will help with home renovations before starting work, is by giving you an idea of what types of materials you need to complete the project at hand. the type of material will depend on what type of project it is, but it also depends on where the materials are located and how much they cost in general.
seek out an affordable material store or buy materials in bulk
this is related to the previous tip. with an affordable material store, you are set for all your future diy needs.
a local store is always the best bet for finding anything you need in person, but if not available, then you can also order things online. buying materials in bulk is a great way to save money as well.
consider the cost efficiency of the design
people usually think that the more expensive something is, the better it is. this is not always true. the most expensive option does not always provide the most value. consider the cost efficiency of design and see what you can get for your money.
get estimates for each part of the project
getting estimates ahead of time helps in committing your contractor to think thoroughly about the work that will have to be done, and what it all might cost, including materials and workforce. 
it can be hard to get an accurate estimate because there are so many factors that go into it that include labor rates, material rates, and others that can change depending on where you live in the country. it is also important to take these factors into account when pricing your work.
that’s all we have for today. what are you already doing well? and what do you need to do more of to save money on your home renovations? 

 
what are the advantages of indirect real estate investments, as opposed to direct?
october 5, 2021
 

 

most of us have heard about investing in real estate by buying a property and renting it out. but did you know that it’s also possible to indirectly invest in real estate? if you’re unfamiliar with this concept, you’ve come to the right place. today, we will look into what an indirect real estate investment is, what the advantages and disadvantages are, and how to choose the right partner for this type of investment. 
and who knows – perhaps, after reading the article, you’ll have spotted a great way to earn some extra income on the side?
what is an indirect real estate investment?
an indirect real estate investment is a partnership with another person to jointly own and operate real estate.
the indirect real estate investment is characterized by the use of an intermediary, or “silent partner.” the silent partner may be an individual, llc, corporation, trust, or other entity under the control of one or more persons.
this type of partnership is typically used for transactions where there are large cash needs that cannot be met by each of the partners separately.
the silent partner may provide funds for development or construction, or it may provide additional financial resources to help keep the property afloat during difficult times.
what are the advantages of indirect real estate investments?
indirect real estate investments are a way of investing that doesn’t require a significant upfront investment. in this type of investment, you don’t own the building itself but instead, you own shares in the company that owns the building.
indirect real estate investments provide several advantages: 

tax savings. 
liquidity, since your money isn’t tied up to a building and can be withdrawn at any time.
indirect real estate investments also provide a diversification benefit because they allow investors to buy into a wider range of properties, sectors, and geographic locations. 
these investments also provide investors with the potential for increased returns because revenue from tenants’ rents can be reinvested into property development and this creates value over time as well as allows for asset appreciation.

what are the disadvantages?
there are also some disadvantages of indirect real estate investments that you should know since it is not worth investing in a property that will not help you maximize your profit and grow your wealth.
the primary disadvantage of indirect investments is that it takes a long time to earn profits from them. indirect investments often involve complicated formulas and calculations that make it hard for businesses to make decisions on the spot.
there’s also a lot of risk involved with indirect investments because they can be difficult to predict. if an investor makes the wrong decision, the project could end up failing or take years for profit-making to happen.
how to choose the right partner for your indirect real estate investment?
several factors influence the decision of choosing the right partner for indirect real estate investment. a simple way to choose the right partner is by assessing their specialties, experience, and capacity.
the best partner would be someone who has both experience and capacity in-depth. they would also have expertise in the field of real estate investors. finally, they would have higher credibility among people who invest or manage funds in this field.
so what do you think? is this an idea worth testing for you, and do you have the means to do it? then we recommend that you first research the topic thoroughly, and talk to your financial advisor about it. they might be able to help get you started without taking unnecessary risks.

 
real estate calculators
june 1, 2021august 16, 2021
 

 

real estate is an exciting field but is often complicated and difficult to understand. for this reason, many realtors find themselves looking for effective ways to make their calculations. they want to be able to run simple simulations, such as dividing the price of a house by its square footage, which can help them understand market trends better. however, they don’t want to spend all their time doing. instead, they turn to an online real estate site to use affordable and accurate tools.
all the information you need
real estate calculators offers valuable advice for real estate agents and investors who need to make quick and accurate calculations. they allow you to run complex scenarios, including multiple comparisons to other properties, to evaluate different aspects of the property’s operating costs.
real estate master data points

in most cases, you will be presented with data points and options based on your choices. these data points represent operating expenses, gross rentals, net profits, operating income, net income etc. the more data points you put into the simulation, the more accurate the results will be. some of the simplest real estate calculators use basic real estate formulas that require only basic math skills.
in order to save money and increase productivity, many real estate agents learn how to make their own real estate master data points, which can significantly speed up calculations and provide a better understanding of property-related concepts. in fact, many agents with real estate master skills find it easier to enter their own data points than to hire someone.
software programs
most financial calculators are based on standard (published) mathematical formulas, making them slightly more complicated than real estate master data points. fortunately, there are a number of great software programs available that provide simple yet accurate financial calculations.
many investors who have no real estate experience find it useful to purchase such programs, which provide a simplified means of computing real estate values. many investors also choose to purchase mortgage calculators that provide additional financial tools such as insurance and pension calculators.

determine the space
when you start your real estate investment calculations, you should first determine how much space you have available for future purchases. this information is usually given in the form of square footage. in order to obtain the best possible investment deals, you must determine how much square footage you will actually need.
if you purchase homes with too little square footage, you run the risk of living in a house that could depreciate in value. however, if you purchase homes with too much space, you may not be able to sell or rent your property.
comprehensive guides
some investors choose to use the services of a comprehensive guide such as those found online. comprehensive guides can give you a comprehensive list of real estate calculators. these guides contain formulas that make use of all the variables for the calculations. this can significantly reduce the time it takes for you to compute your values.

use the correct formulas
it is also important to note that some types of real estate calculators require specific licensing from individuals who use the formula to compute their results. in order to obtain the most accurate results, you must only use the correct formula in the right situation. for instance, it is incorrect to use the metro area consumer price index to calculate mortgage rates.
use the correct mortgage rate calculator
the correct mortgage rate calculator would consider various factors such as employment rates, unemployment, average income, expenses, etc., as well as consider the many variables used by lenders, including amortization periods, loan-to-value percentages, interest rates, and more.
in conclusion

before purchasing any type of real estate calculator, be sure to research the different kinds available. most calculators work in certain similar ways, but there are a few significant differences. determine what your specific needs are and find a calculator that meets your requirements. this will make your life much easier and more effective. also, be sure to compare prices before making a purchase.

 





















categories

blog

real estate


quick linkshome
blog
contact us
privacy policy


most viewed


how to save money when moving to a new home


how to save money on home renovations, according to one of norway’s biggest construction companies


 

 



					theme by pojo.me - wordpress themes				

					design by elementor 








scroll to top



























































skip to content


