







vpar the original gps golf app - play, score, compete!



















































skip to content














app
tournament service
clubs
society
premium
content

support



















app
tournament service
clubs
society
premium
content

support

















 play
score
compete 



‎ 




  






 





 








 












 













 







the original live scoring and gps golf app! offering the most free features of any golf app on the market, you can take your pick from over 40k golf courses and effortlessly track scores, stats and use gps and course maps for free. 













rafaela szabo
"when someone asks me which is the most important tool to take on the course, i don’t think twice, vpar. every version is always better than the last one. great job vpar team."




edoardo noseda
"after testing other apps, i decided to continue with vpar. after one year, i upgraded to premium to use all of the features. it is stable and works well with apple watch."




mitch adler
"vpar is simply terrific! easy, quick, accurate… runs all by itself! all i have to do is grab the right club and hit it straight!"




veruski kings
"vpar is simply terrific! easy, quick, accurate… runs all by itself! all i have to do is grab the right club and hit it straight!"
































gps & club recommendation 



							can’t decide which clubs to hit?						



get yardages from your exact location, view course maps and judge your layups with vpar’s gps and course maps. 



you can also activate club recommendation so you know what to hit and when. 





 









 





digital scorecard 



keep score for you and your friends on our user-friendly digital scorecard. 



pick from over 50 scoring formats including side games and track your standing on the live leaderboards. 









 





live leaderboards 



the original live leaderboards! 



compete against your friends and track your progress as you climb the leaderboard live during your round. 









 





challenges
 



compete against the vpar community, anytime, at any course and feed into an ongoing leaderboard to win great prizes. 



you can also set up your own challenges and invite your friends to see who is king pin over a specific time period. lots of exciting formats available! 









matchplay 



the vpar matchplay format is second to none! track all matches live with hole-by-hole timelines. whether it’s europe v usa or the swingers v the hackers, matchplay shouldn’t be played without vpar! 





 









wearables 



your personal caddy on your wrist. 



get live gps yardages, club recommendation, hole information and scoring all on your wrist.  



available on both ios and android you can now plan your next shot, score your round and view your score summary without touching your phone. 





 









vpar handicap 



not a member of a golf club and want to compete on a level playing field, score 3 rounds on vpar to obtain a vpar handicap and handicap certificate. track your progress and view your qualifying rounds all in one place within the vpar gps golf app. 





 




































 







gain access to all the advanced game-enhancing features offered by vpar premium and accelerate your golf game progression like never before. 










learn more














 












get started

home
vpar premium



about us

privacy notice
terms of service
club vpar terms of service



support

vpar handicap faq
help desk




get the app















© 2025 vpar. all rights reserved




















