






 

duncan bolt – full line fastner distributor and manufacturer with branches in california and arizona



































































skip to content






duncan bolt
full line fastner distributor and manufacturer with branches in california and arizona
1-800-798-1939sales@duncanbolt.comtwitter page opens in new windowfacebook page opens in new window
search:









productsbolts & nuts cable ties lock bolts rivets split loom tools washers & sockets wheel nuts  servicesmanufacturing custom kitting & packaging  truck & trailer fasteners catalog about contact 




 
productsbolts & nuts cable ties lock bolts rivets split loom tools washers & sockets wheel nuts  servicesmanufacturing custom kitting & packaging  truck & trailer fasteners catalog about contact 









welcome to duncan bolt 
							duncan bolt company is headquartered in the heart of santa fe springs california and services its customers nationwide. boasting over 50 years of experience in the fastner industry. 
							contact us
 
							
 


truck & trailer
fasteners 
							duncan bolt is proud to carry the most complete selection of truck and trailer fastners, at some of the most competitive prices in the industry. 
							contact us
 
							
 











about our companyemployee owned


duncan bolt company is headquartered in the heart of santa fe springs california and services its customers nationwide.


about usour products


we supply installation tooling and we service and rent the tools for these products. try us! you’ll discover that we really do care about helping you get the right part quickly.


view servicessales professionals


our knowledgeable staff can provide you the information about the fasteners you need. call us at 1-800-798-1939.


contact us today!
our suppliers










about duncan bolt duncan bolt company is headquartered in the heart of santa fe springs, california and services its customers nationwide.

contact infocall us:
1-800-798-1939

email us:
sales@duncanbolt.com

headquarters address
8535 dice rd.
santa fe springs, ca 90670
office hours
mon – fri: 7:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
phone number
phone: (562) 698-8800

 








					© 2024 duncan bolt. all rights reserved.
                

site by: avid design group, llc






go to top
























































