





 





local dentist epsom : clocktower dental, implant & facial







 





















free cookie consent management tool by termsfeed






home
about us

the practice
meet the team
blog
how to find us


treatments




general dentistry
routine dentistry
cerec
fillings, onlays, and inlays
the wand
anxious dental patients
dental hygienist
dentistry for health




cosmetic dentistry
smile makeover
invisible braces
teeth whitening




dental implants
 dental implants introduction
what  is an implant specialist 
single  tooth implant 
multiple  implants
full  arch or full mouth implants
teeth-in-a-day 
how  implants are placed




dental implants
prgf   - endoret 
bone  grafting and augmentation
types  of implant, crowns and bridges
dental implant care and possible complications
dental implants faq
patient referrals





facial aesthetics
testimonials
fees and finance
news
contact











01372 720136
book an appointment









 














dental implants
twenty four years of replacing missing teeth successfully
more 



invisible braces
& short-course orthodontics
the modern alternative
to traditional braces
more 



dentistry for health
non-mercury,  biocompatible materials for your wellbeing
more 



prgf endoret
your own growth  factors for healing  and facial rejuvenation  
more 






















welcome 
your dentist in epsom surrey for general, cosmetic and implant dentistry
the clocktower dental , implant and facial centre in epsom, surrey, is in the south east of england uk.
our dental practice is situated only 15 miles away from central london (30 minutes by train), less than 60 seconds walk from epsom railway station and within 5 miles of the m25. 
clocktower dental, implant and facial centre offers the full range of dental treatments including dental implants, cosmetic dentistry, mercury-free dentistry, and orthodontics. we also offer a wide range of facial aesthetics treatments.
clocktower dental clinic was a finalist in the category of “best patient care” in the private dentistry awards 2015 and has been shortlisted for the “best implant practice” in the private dentistry awards 2012. our website has also been shortlisted for the best website at the annual dentistry awards.


why choose us as your dentist?

caring, gentle clinical team with over sixty years of experience between them
practice ideology-treat others as you would yourself
providing successful dental treatment in epsom for over twenty years
family dental care, from little children to great grandparents
over 22 years of experience with dental implants (thousands placed)
we welcome and support nervous patients
our holistic approach to your dental care delivers excellent, long-lasting results
we use the finest equipment and materials in a caring and comfortable environment
from a tiny tooth repair to a full mouth of implants, by a complex team

read more about the practice 










caring for your smile.....






missing teeth?
a permanent solution to replace missing teeth
                

read more 






smile makeovers
cosmetic dentistry can really help to improve your smile
                

read more 






straighter teeth?
invisible braces the modern alternative to traditional braces

read more 






restoring teeth
fillings, onlays, and inlays

read more 






medical aesthetics
clocktower medical aesthetics can help you with a range non-surgical aesthetic treatments

read more 






general dentistry
dental care for the whole family

read more 








hygienist
for clean and healthy teeth and gums


read more 









teeth in a day
a new set of fixed teeth in a single day


read more 









whiter teeth?
cost effective routes to a whiter smile


read more 









nervous patients
we are skilled in helping nervous patients to overcome their fears 


read more 









the wand
a pain-free approach to delivering local anaesthetic


read more 









cerec
single visit porcelain dental restorations


read more 














what our patients say

















the team at clocktower dental


complex dentistry is a multidisciplinary model with many people being involved to produce the required result. your patient journey begins with a first phone call or email and ends with a review appointment to ensure that everyone is happy with the result. you might meet the practice manager, the hygienist, the treatment coordinator, the nurse, the specialist, the surgeon, and the dentist. you might also meet your friends and family here!

more on the team 












refer a patient for implant treatment




























connect with us
call: 01372 720136
contact form







find us

clocktower dental, implant 
    and facial centre
88 high street,
epsom, surrey, 
uk, kt19 8bj
location map
  
opening times
  




mailing list





subscribe to our mailing list




















© dr andrew murphy and dr deepi murphy 2015   | privacy policy | update cookies preferences
 


site last updated february 2025 | design by dental media
 






























your name*


your email*


telephone number *



message



please tick the captcha box below before submitting - thank you!








required fields marked *
close window







