


spike's music - folk music - charted songs
















 
 
 
 
 
























































































the
      song files are in adobe .pdf format.  you will need adobe acrobat
      reader to view them.  download the newest version here.

search:






search this site      
powered by freefind








 



alison krauss
arlo guthrie
bill bourne
bob dylan
brandon mcgovern
bruce cockburn
burl ives
everly brothers
funny songs
gillian welch
glen campbell
gordon lightfoot
greg brown
joan baez
john denver
john prine
john stewart
judy collins
kate wolf
kingston trio
kris kristofferson
linda ronstadt

los lonely boys
lyle lovett
misc 1
misc 2
misc 3
misc 4
misc 5
misc 6 - traditional american songs
peter, paul & mary
pete seeger
roger mcguinn
ry cooder
shorty mann
steve goodman
tom waits
townes van zandt
uk folksongs

warren zevon
 
 
 
 
web rings



stuck in someone else's frames? break free!























 


odetta
folk music – folk songs – are a part of 
      history. they have always been important not only to the individuals who 
      made and perpetuated them, but to the community of people all over the 
      world. they are about incidents, people, times, places, and feelings that 
      we all share (regardless of how we express them). it is known that most 
      people who are true classicists (like spike is) also appreciate and enjoy 
      folk music – even bluegrass. everybody likes to tap their feet and sing a 
      few words.

      i made charts for all these songs because i love them, and we enjoy 
      playing and singing them. we are not professional musicians, and receive 
      no money for our musical endeavors. 

      i assume that those who enjoy this site and use this collection of charts 
      are doing it for purposes of individual pleasure and/or scholarship. 

      with regard to the huge collection of “miscellaneous folk songs,” in cases 
      where i knew the composer, it is so noted. where i do not know, of course 
      there is no such notation. if one of the songs i have in my collection is 
      yours, please so inform me, so i can give proper credit, or remove the 
      song.

      if any words or chords need correction, please so inform me. 

      in this collection, there are several folksongs that show no chords. that 
      is only because i don’t have them and thus far, have been unable to find 
      them. there are some songs for which i don’t even know the melodies. 
      here’s what to do:

      if you have a favorite melody or a favorite chord progression, even some 
      riffs and “hot licks,” use that stuff on a song that you don’t recognize. 
      who cares? it will be fun! folk songs evolve in just that fashion. there 
      are probably 100 different melodies, with definite harmonies and chord 
      progressions, for the song that we know as “scarborough fair.” they are 
      all lovely. if you don’t know a melody, devise it yourself – it might even 
      be better than the “standard” melody (if there is one). 

      many of these songs have a narrative appended near the top of the song. 
      these songs are from roger mcguinn's folk den, and the narrative is his. 

this website was created and is 
      maintained for me by jamie the webmistress.  another good place for 
      web design and 
      printing is available from one of our neighbors up north. 
      


      shalom, from spike the grate.  



michael duggan - folksinger


spike & larry



 















 
  


 join one of our discussion forums:
free recipe collection forum
jewish recipe forum
spike's
music forum

we also publish two newsletters a couple of times a month. to
subscribe, send a blank email to the appropriate email address.  topica
will send you a message asking if you really intended to subscribe - just click
reply - that's it!
free recipe collection newsletter:
freerecipes-subscribe@topica.com
jewish recipe collection newsletter:
jewishrecipes-subscribe@topica.com







search this site      
powered by freefind








 



our favorite internet search
engine:  www.google.com




any problems with this page? send the url of this page
& a description of the problem to webmaster. 
thank you!


back to spike's &
jamie's recipe collection
 














tired of geek speak when 
        you have computer questions?
the newbie club - 
 computer information for the rest of us!




jl
services web site contracts:
the
winchester bay house - bed & breakfast on the oregon coast
events
management and consulting - got an event? we'll manage it for you.
timber
jamboree - tugman state park - oregon
winchester
bay, oregon
spike's
& jamie's recipe collection

sportsmen's cannery - pacific ocean seafood

reedsport/winchester bay chamber of commerce
dunefest
- atv adventure

blackberry friesians
umpqua 
aquaculture - oysters from the umpqua triangle

lucky six charters - pacific ocean sport fishing



disclaimer: these web site links are listed as a convenience to our visitors. if you use these links, we take no responsibility and give no guarantees, warranties or representations, implied or otherwise, for the content or accuracy of these third-party sites. 
due to the number of recipes and tips we receive, it is impossible for us to personally test each one and therefore we cannot guarantee its success. please let us know if you find errors in any of them. 
we do not endorse or recommend any recipes, tips, products or services listed in our ezines or on our web pages. you use them and their contents at your own risk and discretion. if you do not agree to these terms, please don't continue to use them. if you do use them, it means you agree to these terms.
these web site links are listed as a convenience to our visitors. if you use these links, we take no responsibility and give no guarantees, warranties or representations, implied or otherwise, for the content or accuracy of these third-party sites.
copyright notice - no infringement of any text or graphic copyright is intended. if you own the copyright to any original image or document used for the creation of the graphics or information on this site, please contact the webmaster with all pertinent info so that proper credit can be given. if you wish to have it removed from the site, it will be replaced asap.






 






 

 







































































 

