
















colorado hunter jumper association











































skip to main content




user menu


cartjoinlogin 



 




 


colorado hunter jumper association






main menu
homeshow listresultsstandingsrulesnewsyear end awardsprogramscontact

 















 













membership
join or renew to accrue points!



show year
dec 1 - nov 30



join
renew

 






amateur
18 and over


$60/year
lifetime: $400


qualify for medal finals
earn points in equitation
includes outreach
participate in special events

 










outreach
new to hunter/jumpers


$35/year
can upgrade


qualify for outreach awards
participate in special events

 






professional
trainers


$60/year
lifetime: $400


students qualify for medal finals
participate in special events

 










junior
17 and under


$60/year
lifetime: $400


qualify for medal finals
earn points in equitation
includes outreach
participate in special events

 






equine
horses and ponies


$40/year
lifetime: $135


earn points in hunters
earn points in jumpers
eligible for hunter challenge

 











chja sponsored horse shows











 



copper pennyvoted favorite chja shows by membership
located in beautiful mountain town of estes park
 


 












 



classic finaleearn extra points
prizes or money for every division
derbies, classics, jumper stakes
 


 












 



medal finalsqualify for and participate in this event!
all members are encouraged to attend and cheer on the competitors.
 


 











programs for chja members











 



chja member benefits clinic2024 chja member benefits riding & horsemanship clinic
november 16-17, 2024 at the ranch in loveland, co
free learning opportunities for chja members of all levels!
 


 












 



chjf scholarshipssponsored by chjf
multiple scholarships awarded each year
 


 












 



chja professionals mentorship program$1,000 grant to learn from the greats of our industry
open to all chja professionals
applications close may 1, 2024
 


 









 





 

 
 


what's going on with chja?







current news









            updated date          





chja approved judges, course designers and rules representatives 

            2/12/2025          



chja approval of judges and course designers 

            2/3/2025          



board adopts bylaws amendments and rule changes 

            10/10/2024          



outreach pile of poles 

            4/24/2023          



new usef equitation tests 

            2/14/2023          






    more  

 








important dates and announcements


 











 










membership info

how to join





need help?

member support
kirsten turner
303-243-2750
membersupport@chja.org
website technical issues
betsy cvetic
303-887-5348
 





lookup

board of directors
professionals
members
horses









social media

  





mailing address

c/o shelley smagac
8996 tahoe lane
boulder, co   80301





usef affiliation


we are an alliance partner of us equestrian. the united states equestrian federation recognizes the important role each and every equestrian organization plays in representing, shaping, and fostering growth within its respective breed or discipline. usef alliance partners help the federation fulfill its mission to celebrate, protect, and grow equestrian sport in the united states.









colorado hunter jumper association

chja mission
the colorado hunter jumper association, as the official hunter/jumper affiliate of united states equestrian federation and the united states hunter jumper association, is a competition based sport organization that serves our members through its four cornerstones:  educational programs, awards and recognition, communication and rules. we provide a wide array of programs for all levels of the hunter/jumper sport, and are mindful of the well-being of our equine partners.  we are committed to preserving the history of our sport and the association. through our colorado hunter jumper foundation, chja supports charitable and benevolent services.
chja vision
our vision is to increase awareness and participation in our programs and services for all involved in the hunter/jumper competitive sport. we strive to provide value to our members, as well as strengthen the positive image of chja both within and outside the hunter/jumper sphere.
strategic intent
anyone participating in hunter/jumper competitive sport within the state of colorado or its nearby contiguous areas will be aware of the existence of chja and will be partaking in or benefitting from at least one of its programs, services or offerings.
chja core value
our core value is the creation of member satisfaction through the delivery of excellent programs, competitions, and educational opportunities based on the four cornerstones.





colorado hunter jumper foundation


chjf was established to provide educational scholarships, support equine charities, provide achievement opportunities, and provide emergency financial support to individuals and families in the hunter-jumper sport.
learn more










show manager forms | steward reports | rule book archive  | bylaws | special year end awards | usef tests
























copyright © 2024-2026 colorado hunter jumper association and gemstone ventures, all rights reserved. 



 

 
 


