






ingham county bar association | serving the legal profession and the greater lansing community































manage membership
sign up
logout
 












about us

member directory
board of directors
sections
young lawyers
past presidents
board governance area
icba annual awards
social deliberations
photo gallery


member benefits

icba bench bar conference
job bank
youtube library


briefs
your membership

edit your profile
sign up
manage membership


foundation

billable hour honor roll
icbf who we are
fellows
memorial contributions
icbf photo gallery
icbf article archives
icbf board of directors
icbf golf
icbf grant applications


calendar of events
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 










ingham county bar association
serving the lansing area legal profession since 1895

pay dues here










who we are





founded in 1895, the ingham county bar association continues its 130-year tradition of service to the legal profession and the greater lansing community, bringing lawyers together to join in a strong organization that works to achieve objectives that transcend the individual. the icba is proud to provide programs and services designed to improve our local judicial system, foster & enhance the quality of legal services in our community, and provide educational and professional programs for our members. welcome to the ingham county bar association!







press center 





icba news






news to come

stay tuned for news to come related to the ingham county bar association! 
read more 







event photos

click here



events 






view events

to view upcoming icba events, go to the calendar of events tab on the menu! we can't wait to see you there! 
read more 











icba sbm lawyer referral service





the state bar of michigan’s recently revamped lawyer referral service (lrs) has been helping people find the right attorney for more than 40 years. the ingham county bar association has joined with sbm and other local bars in a pilot lrs program to help icba members looking to grow their practices. the pilot program is intended to help you connect with new clients, and also provides financial support to the icba as incentive for every member who joins sbm lrs. to learn more, click here.







firm & corporate sponsors








z

chartier & nyamfukudza
experienced and skilled criminal defense litigators








z

fahey schultz burzych rhodes plc
the law firm of fahey schultz burzych rhodes plc fulfills the needs of municipalities, franchised businesses, employers, and public utilities in michigan.








z

foster swift collins & smith
over 100 years of service and legal excellance










z

fraser trebilcock davis dunlap & cavanaugh pc
with deep roots in michigan’s legal history, fraser trebilcock provides clients with the collective expertise of our lawyers to solve the most complex legal issues.








z

sinas dramis law firm
for 70 years, we have provided our clients with compassionate, skilled, and dedicated legal representation, particularly in the areas of michigan personal injury law, michigan auto no-fault law, and michigan bicycle law.








z

abood law firm
we are first and foremost trial attorneys. we do not shy away from cases because of their notoriety or public scrutiny. nor do we choose the expedience of a settlement when we know our client is in the right. we stand beside them in court to win the day.










m

willingham & cote, p.c.
for over 50 years, willingham & coté, p.c. has served businesses, families and individuals in the greater lansing area and throughout the state of michigan.









sponsorship opportunities





download firm sponsorship form

download vendor sponsorship form

firm sponsorship online

vendor sponsorship online







contact icba
please fill out the form below to email us.

office: (517) 627-3938











name


email address


message




submit request







 










facebook




twitter


designed and hosted by art web development
privacy policy 
























