



















soundproofing walls, ceilings and windows












skip to main navigation
skip to main content




soundproofing 101
soundproofing made simple










welcome
courses
about
resources
contact








 soundproofing made simple 





soundproofing a room without spending big bucks is possible.
you do not  need to make sound proofing your walls a big and expensive project. 






introduction to soundproofing
                     course 101
basic soundproofing principles
wall soundproofing
ceiling soundproofing
other soundproofing materials
recording studio control rooms
do you need to soundproof the walls?
 
soundproofing lies
                     course 102
lies window companies will tell you
lies soundproofing window companies will tell you
walls and ceilings, caution
 
window soundproofing
                  course 201
introduction to window soundproofing
soundproofing and window pane thickness
window solutions, part 1
window solutions, part 2
other soundproofing solutions
 




welcome!
our goal is to educate you about noise and soundproofing, to help you find out  the best way to reduce your noise problems without having to become a noise expert.
sound proofing your home, recording studio or garage can be a huge chore. you can spend thousands of dollars very easily. only if you are doing a serious recording studio would you likely need to do more than this for the walls.
now, realize please that your windows are your worst problem. if you soundproof your walls and do not apply soundproof windows to your windows, you will be wasting the money on the walls. if you do not totally understand that, then please read the other pages on our web-site and take our short soundproofing courses.
 at the end of "introduction to soundproofing", i will discuss wall plugs and other subjects and offer advice on if you need to soundproof your walls to achieve the noise reduction you want.
 the first soundproofing course is a general sound proofing plan for your walls. at the end, we will describe some other alternatives and why you may want to use them.
continue to introduction to soundproofing.
















©copyright 2003– soundproofing101.com | all rights reserved | disclaimer | privacy policy | sitemap




soundproofing101.com






