






irish links - living in ireland - irish links







































skip to content 








						irish links
					


					moving to ireland
				
 





 






menu 
currency
education
property
taxes
moving
exchange rates
jobs
banking
amazon prime
moving to uk
 


 







irish links – living in ireland 

if you are thinking about moving to ireland or if you are looking for information about living in ireland – here at irish links we have plenty of advice and useful resources to help you. the recent decision of the uk to leave the eu has seen an increase in people looking for information about moving to ireland.
you will find free information and advice about living in ireland: – irish citizenship , removals to ireland , exchanging currency , getting an irish passport .  bank accounts,  vrt exemptions , pensions, irish income tax, credit cards  , irish car tax in ireland . mobile phones, broadband and much much more.

living in ireland has a lot going for it, despite the economic problems of the last decade.the irish economy is in a fairly strong position in 2025 having recovered impressively from the financial crisis and the subsequent recession.  in early 2012, the unemployment rate was 16% and almost 50,000 irish people emigrated that year. in jan 2024 the unemployment rate in ireland was down to 4.5% .
property: irish house prices dropped by more than 50% from their 2007 peak in 2009– which was great for anyone looking to buy a house in ireland. house prices in most areas of ireland have been rising in the past few years and in 2024 asking prices for property rose by almost 10%
in 2024 dublin  the average asking price for houses was €443,000, while the average asking price was €389,742 in galway city  .


in ireland, the personal taxation levels are still amongst the lowest in the oecd. for companies relocating to ireland – the corporation tax is still one of the lowest in the world at 12.5%. ireland is the only english-speaking country that operates within the eurozone.
job vacancies have been increasing since 2015 after several years of slowdown. the construction sector was the main area of slowdown but many major it-related companies such as microsoft, google, amazon, twitter, paypal ,ebay ,facebook hp, tiktok and intel have located their european headquarters in ireland. skilled it staff are always required as well as people with language skills.

the pace of life when living in ireland is very relaxed. irish people seem to know that life isn’t just about the daily stresses and strains – but more about family, holidays, celebrations and having a laugh with friends.
maybe your ancestors left ireland many years ago – and you now want to return to your irish roots. maybe you or your parents were born in ireland and are thinking of going back “home” or even retiring in ireland. whatever your reasons – you should find some useful information here to help you if you are moving to ireland.








recent posts


getting an irish passport in the uk


amazon ie –  online shopping ireland


private schools in  ireland


sending money to ireland from the uk


opening a uk sterling bank account from ireland


sending money to ireland


best mobile phone deals in ireland


sky tv in ireland


doctors fees and prescription charges


open a bank account in ireland from the uk


irish national anthem lyrics


marks and spencer ireland


importing a car into ireland from the uk


featuredlearning to drive
pps number
get an irish passport
take home pay
doctors fees
opening a bank account
sending money to ireland
opening a uk sterling bank account from ireland
moving business to ireland
irish citizenship through grandparents
private schools in  ireland
——- 
 







© 2025 irish links • built with generatepress 










