












north carolina & virginia full-service industrial contractor - edwards, inc.


























































navigation



home
we are edwards

what we do

construction
specialty fabrication
pipe fabrication
crane / rigging

all terrain cranes
boom truck cranes
carry deck cranes
hydraulic truck cranes
rough terrain cranes
crawler cranes


power generation
life sciences
natural gas
industrial


projects
careers
equipment
contact us












construction services
edwards, inc.'s construction services include new construction, plant expansions, equipment installations, modifications, upgrades, shutdowns, consolidations, relocations, and equipment removal.
learn more





specialty fabrication
edwards, inc. has industrial fabrication capacity in excess of 50 tons per week. we specialize in structural platforms, catwalks, machinery bases, dust collectors, conveyors, tanks and specialty items for clients throughout the world.
learn more





pipe fabrication
edwards, inc. is a leading fabricator of custom piping, pressure vessels and modular skids. turnkey capabilities and expert craftsmen enable edwards, inc. to provide rapid turnaround and high quality products.
learn more





crane and rigging
our vast crane fleet ranges in size from 8.5 ton to our flagship 600-ton crane. our multiple crane rental locations provide customers with 24-hour service throughout north and south carolina and southern virginia. 
learn more







industrialconstruction
specialtyfabrication
pipefabrication
crane andrigging









edwards, inc.
edwards, inc. is a full-service industrial general contractor providing construction, fabrication, and crane services. we serve a variety of industries including pharmaceutical, food processing, wood and paper products, textiles, general manufacturing, agriculture, and nuclear power generation throughout north america.
industrial general contractor
we hold an unlimited, unclassified general contractors license, along with mechanical and electrical trade licenses in multiple states. we are an aisc certified fabricator for building steel, bridge component steel, and sophisticated paint. with asme a, s, u and pp stamps, and a national board r stamp, we are experienced in the construction, fabrication, and repair of boilers, power piping, and pressure vessels. all of our crane operators and lift directors are nccco trained and certified.
we staff our projects with experienced and professional management personnel supported by a team of highly qualified craftsmen. we pride ourselves in delivering exceptional service with emphasis on safety, quality, and performance.



have questions?
we are not just committed to client satisfaction; we want to earn our client's loyalty.
contact us









safety. quality. performance.






construction and field services
fabrication services
pipe fabrication
hydraulic crane rental
rigging and hauling











construction and field services
our services include industrial general contracting, self-performed multi-discipline projects, plant relocation, plant maintenance, mechanical / electrical / plumbing construction, and plant outage support. 

civil and structural 
mechanical
electrical 
equipment setting 
maintenance 
24-hour emergency support










fabrication services
we have over 150,000 sq.ft. of fabrication and coating space under roof and are capable and equipped to perform nearly any fabrication job. we are an aisc certified fabricator. we hold the bu, cpt, and p1 endorsements for building steel, bridge component steel, and sophisticated paint.
we employ state-of-the-art software, cnc equipment, punch plasma, beam line and angle line to deliver fabrication capacity in excess of 100 tons per week.

aisc / structural steel fabrication
asme fabrication
speciality stainless steel and alloy fabrication
skids and modules
plate fabrication
industrial coatings
fireproofing










pipe fabrication
our pipe fabrication operations utilize cnc automated and semi automated equipment that produce high quality welds in minimal time.
shop standards meet or exceed asme b31.1, b31.3 and customer specific specifications. all welding is per asme section ix.









hydraulic crane rental
all of our crane operators and lift directors are nccco trained and certified. we offer comprehensive lift planning with 3d lift planner / engineered
lift plans from our state-of-the-art operations and dispatch center.

all terrain cranes
hydraulic truck cranes
boom truck cranes
rough terrain cranes
carry deck cranes
teleboom crawler cranes










rigging and specialized trucking
from project management to field personnel, we have the knowledge and experience to produce detailed rigging plans for the most stringent safety and quality standards. 
our fleet of trucks and trailers are available 24 hours a day for your specialized hauling, oversized and overweight loads.





















edwards, inc. is an industrial contractor providing full-service specialty and pipe fabrication, crane and rigging, general plant maintenance and asme code fabrication and repair. 








featured projects




dry fuel storage





asme vessel fabrications





ellipta phase iii





airlaid nonwoven line





feedwater heater exchange





fukushima flex





fukushima tornado doors





machining operations ac





him project innovation and manufacturing facility





rotary dryer





png-lng





pharmaceutical mechanical construction





specialty hauler fabrication





specialty boiler rigging





conveyor collapse response






edwards, inc. creates value through our performance, faster project completion,  and rapid response. we are always evolving as a company, adding new capabilities to our service portfolio in response to the ever expanding needs of our customers.












contact us

4119 sheep pasture rd.
            spring hope, nc 27882
252-478-4661 - phone

1-877-339-2737 - toll free
sales@edwardsinc.com



quick links



home
we are edwards
what we do
projects




careers
equipment
contact us














edwards, inc.
for over 38 years, edwards, inc. has provided construction, pipe and specialty fabrication, hydraulic crane rentals, and rigging and trucking services with a focus on safety, quality, and performance.  our primary markets include power generation, life sciences, natural gas, general manufacturing, agriculture and power generation. 

learn more








© 2018, edwards, inc. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
site map

site design by chappellcreative




top


alert!
our communications lines are down.
view our emergency contact list here:
emergency contacts
×

































