



 




















portland cement association

















































portland cement association logo









site search






























    a sustainable future
  










    roadmap to carbon neutrality
  



    reaching our goal
  










    blended cements and sustainability of concrete construction
  



    quantifying environmental impact
  



    epd assistance
  







    sustainable design
  










    green rating systems
  











    cement & concrete
  










    how cement is made
  



    applications of cement
  










    uses in infrastructure
  







    the resilience of concrete
  



    working with concrete
  



    cement & concrete faq
  







    intelligence & resources
  










    market intelligence
  










    forecasts & economic analysis
  



    market reports
  



    industry information
  







    education
  



    library services
  



    the pca store
  










    design & control of concrete mixtures
  







    marketing toolkit
  



    advocacy toolkit
  










    state legislative tracker
  



    state regulatory tracker
  







    find a resource
  







    advocacy
  










    energy & environment
  



    infrastructure
  



    occupational health and safety
  



    carbon pricing
  







    the association
  










    the pca team
  










    work with us
  







    membership
  










    corporate members
  



    associate members
  



    become an associate member
  







    pca industry awards
  










    energy and environment awards
  



    safety innovation awards
  



    chairman’s safety performance awards
  







    pca education foundation
  










    hall of heroes
  







    events
  



    news & opinion
  










    for the media
  











  





















          homepage
      








          cement and concrete have built civilizations



the pantheon was built as a monument to democracy. made from concrete to withstand earthquakes and the ravages of time, it still stands centuries later.




        cement & concrete
    























          today it’s building a greener world



as we look to the future, cement and concrete manufacturers are innovating new processes and products so we can meet our industry goal of carbon neutrality by 2050.




        the roadmap to carbon neutrality
    























          and tomorrow…



from alternative fuels and ai to projects in carbon capture utilization and storage, we’re working with our members and collaborators throughout the value chain to revolutionize the industry.




        reaching our goal
    


















    skip
    












          serving the industry — and the nation




the portland cement association is the premier organization serving america’s cement manufacturers. with a focus on safety and sustainability, we support innovative approaches at every stage of the manufacturing and distribution processes, helping members to continuously improve the nation’s infrastructure and economy.











select option to display slide

a sustainable future
market intelligence
member representation
advocacy on the hill














a sustainable future

there’s no time to waste. the pca roadmap to carbon neutrality is a plan of action for reaching an industry-wide net zero by 2050. working together with policymakers, agency leadership, researchers, and others, we’re implementing solutions that cut emissions and reduce energy use.




        read more
    




market intelligence

the cement industry is the cornerstone of the nation’s infrastructure and reflects the health of the u.s. economy. our award-winning team of economists provides market analysis and forecasting that corporations, government, and the media find invaluable.




        read more
    




member representation

the portland cement association represents the interests of our membership – america’s cement manufacturers. as we steer the industry into the future, we also work to ensure that member companies’ voices are heard on critical issues affecting the industry and the nation.




        read more
    




advocacy on the hill

our government affairs team works with policymakers and agency leadership, advocating for the industry on matters related to sustainability, safety, and infrastructure, so that together we can build greener and stronger.




        read more
    













we are shaped by concrete
made with cement, concrete is everywhere. it’s our city skylines and the foundations of our homes. it helps transport water to our faucets, makes the highways and bridges that get us where we need to go, and forms the pavement we walk on every day. concrete sustains our communities and keeps us safer during natural disasters. concrete is essential for upgrading american infrastructure and maintaining our built environment as we know it.










          partner of the year
      


pca is proud to be a u.s. environmental protection agency’s (epa) energy star partner of the year for sustained excellence. the award is given to organizations making significant contributions in support of the clean energy transition.




















          energy & environment awards 2024



pca’s energy and environment awards recognize member companies for outstanding environmental and community relations efforts. the 2024 awards presentation was held in washington, d.c. as part of the association’s congressional fly-in, with more than 100 cement industry professionals participating.




        more about this award
    



        see all awards
    



























environmental performance













innovative technologies













outreach













overall excellence













energy efficiency













land stewardship













environmental performance













innovative technologies














news


events













press release



                    
                      u.s. cement industry statement on trump administration’s proposed tariffs

                                          













news



                    
                      portland limestone cement: the foundation for greener building | walls & ceilings

                                          













news



                    
                      cement is changing for good: be part of the conversation

                                          













news



                    
                      epd technical assistance for the cementitious materials industry

                                          





        news
    










industry




                    
                      2025 ieee-ias/pca cement conference

                                          


may 4 – 8, 2025
all day
birmingham, al



cement


sustainability






        events
    















          resources & tools
      


from market analyses and state trackers to white papers and webinars, find resources to help you make informed decisions—all in one place.




        all resources
    










          collaborating for change














our products are here to stay, holding our society together. this is why we continue to work to make them even more sustainable, more resilient, and without a doubt, better for the environment.


michael ireland
president & ceo


learn how membership in pca can improve your reach and access within the cement industry:




        membership
    










          follow us
      



































powered by curator.io






subscribe to our newsletters


industry insights. one tap away.






                general news & events

                





                monthly newsletter (the cement blend) 

                





                market intelligence weekly insights

                




first name



last name



email address



company



subscribe











thank you for subscribing!


get ready for exciting updates sent straight to your inbox


you should receive a confirmation email shortly. be sure to check your spam folder.



























 







































portland cement association
200 massachusetts ave nw, suite 200
washington, dc 20001
(202) 408-9494










contact


for the media


privacy







©2025 portland cement association. all rights reserved. www.cement.org

































