







the nathaniel morris inn – historic bed-and-breakfast in manasquan, new jersey






















 







book now
rooms

cape may retreat
nantucket suite
sea breeze point
beach haven hideaway
elyssa’s seaside cottage


frequently asked questions
the history
gallery
contact





menu


menu

 













                             


welcome tothe nathaniel morris inn
the nathaniel morris is a beautiful victorian home built in the late 1800’s. for the last 2o years the inn has hosted guests who have an event in the area or who are vacationing in the manasquan, brielle or sea girt area. it’s a perfect location three blocks from manasquan’s  downtown full of restaurants and shops. the beaches are a quick ride away …a mile or more depending on the beach.

book now
roomsprivate baths, ceiling fans, air conditioning, hairdryers, smart tv, mini fridge and toiletries in all rooms.

wifithe inn is equipped with fast, secure, free wireless internet for all guests.

breakfast roomthe breakfast room, one of our common areas  is always open to enjoy coffee, or tea, afternoon refreshments, games or puzzles. a microwave, toaster, ice maker, dishes, utensils, etc. are always available .


all second floor rooms have direct access to their ownsemi-private section of our wrap-around porch!



“this place was quaint, quiet, and above and beyond anything we expected. the location was beautiful and remote, however it wasn’t so far from the main strip so there were plenty of places to walk. the service was incredible– the location was super sweet . all in all, it was a stellar experience and i’ll definitely be back.”






 







about the nathaniel morris is a beautiful historic victorian home built in the late 1800s, a perfect location for baby showers, bridal showers, reunions, small weddings, 50th birthdays, fundraisers, business meetings, tea parties, or simply a relaxing weekend away from home.

contact address:
117 marcellus avenue
manasquan, nj 08736
phone:
732-223-1077

connect home
book now
rooms
faqs
history
contact







© copyright - the nathaniel morris inn 
instagram






scroll to top







