









textile and mosaic courses, textile galleries, scotland uk





























jan kilpatrick 


artist



















































homegallerieslunaearthworksdwellingarbourthe spirit of treesfrom source to seaassynt sutrasthe fabric of the landfloraboxes and booksalliterationcoursescourse calendarcourse archivelocal accommodationonline bookingtestimonialsshopnew textile work for saleprints and publicationscard shopearthworks book reviewexhibitionsstockistsarchivestextile commissionsearthworks slideshowcommunity textile projectstextile shop 1 : smallscapestextile shop 2 : tallscapescommunity book-making projectsmosaic gallerymosaic commissionscommunity mosaic projectsbiographybiographycollaborationsexhibitionscontactopen studio / mapstockistssubscribe to newsletterbacs booking / purchase formasbobpsitemap









follow jan on instagram   




  

starborn
  
a star, it sits behind a cloud,
the wind then moves it on.
the dawn picks up the mountain face
and then the star is gone.
i was asleep in the dark night
when stars and stags were out.
i missed the mountain’s silhouette,
i missed the beastly shout.
this morning has an edge of rain
and leaves lie all forlorn.
so many hours around the clock
before a star is born.
  
elphin, october 2017





  
  
when the sparkle of the christmas lights has gone, we will still have the stars to look to.

  
wishing you all a peaceful and nurturing winter in preparation for a happy and fulfilling 2025.

  
jan



homes and gardens

 
dear all,
 
the highland summer is bumbling along, albeit at a slightly cooler temperature than normal for this time of year.  it was only this month that the loch became comfortably ‘warm’ enough for a swim.  i did swim throughout may and june, but was still wearing a double layer of woolly hat when in the water.
but i digress.  my reason for writing to you is to let you know that the theme for this month’s on-line textile shop is ‘homes and gardens – highland style’, a collection of stitched images of old croft houses in their typical untamed settings.  we try to maintain an area of manicured garden close by the house, but any attempt to civilize beyond the immediate thresholds of house and studio meets the challenges of wild weather, wild beasts and the inexorable conquering march of nettle and dockan.  much better to let nature’s jungle have its way.  this week it is the meadowsweet that is taking centre stage; instead of being its usual two feet in height it is five feet high!
anyway, moving on …  as you know, nowadays i run only a few courses in the year, as i head towards retirement and take more time to find a new direction for the next stage of my creative life.  there are two courses this autumn and, due to a cancellation, a place has become available on undercover books, which i run with my regular collaborator jan breckenridge.  to find out more about this exciting week of exploring book forms, have a look at the website and, if you fancy it, sign up!
well, i’m off now to pack and freeze blackcurrants and gooseberries.  what a bumper year it has been for soft fruit; we are struggling to eat all the strawberries and cherries.  but what a delicious challenge!
until the next time, enjoy your garden – wild or coiffured.

 
cheers,

 
jan


open studio 2025
 

 
until easter 2025, jan's studio in elphin is only open to visitors by appointment.
please email jan or telephone 01854 666279 to arrange a time that suits you.
 
open hours from easter 2025 onwards are as follows:
easter weekend (friday 18th april - wednesday 23rd april) 10 am until 4 pm
then
wednesdays
10 am until 4 pm
until wednesday 24th september.
winter 2025 exhibition at jan's studio will be "roost".  november dates to be confirmed.
all other times by appointment. please email jan or telephone 01854 666279 to arrange a time that suits you.
 
nb there may be the odd occasion that jan cannot open the studio on a wednesday so if you are travelling a distance to visit, please check with jan that the studio is definitely open.




 
see the open studio page for more details.


 
 


earthworks move into print
 

 
at long last the book version of the earthworks project is complete!  and as i leaf through the pages of the book, i feel the warm glow of a job well done, thanks to the solid support of chelsea frew (designer) and ricky frew (photographer).
this beautiful, high-quality art book contains over a hundred pages of images and words celebrating the intricate workings of the earth, as experienced through the eyes - and hands - of textile and mixed media artist jan kilpatrick.  striking photography by ricky frew illustrates the landscape that both inspires jan’s work and provides the materials from which the work is made.  the nature-led processes involved in the making are also recorded through photography, along with a selection of the finished textile and poetry works that emerged from this immersive project. it is a visual feast.earthworks, the book, is a textile-covered, hardback volume, almost a4 in size.  it is limited to an edition of 500 signed copies and was launched on the 28th of may 2023.  it is only available through the artist’s website.  to make an advance order, please click here.


 
march 2023 
 


to receive a quarterly update on new courses and events please subscribe below.
 


newsletter


 






				you are here:  
			


						home					





email : info@jankilpatrick.co.uk    tel : 01854 666279,   postal address : jan kilpatrick, cul mor, elphin, by lairg, sutherland, iv274hh.  
home  |  galleries  |  courses  |  shop  | biography  |  archives  |  contact |  search 











					back to top				



				© 2025 jan kilpatrick				









