




take a virtual trip to brazil








take a virtual trip to brazil

















la galaxy tickets
gold cup soccer tickets
superliga tickets
world cup soccer tickets
world series of football tickets






	time in brazil 

search 












 







			write to walter



  
 

last update 
09/26/07 




























requires a java enabled browser.

 



























requires a java enabled browser.

 
























requires a java enabled browser.

 




most pages in english, portuguese and some french. use
altavista
to translate help-search

look here first - 
          
new-novidades  to see the most recent additions
free e-mail  yourname@vivabrazil.zzn.com
more brazil
 - historical figures,
    people, historical facts, culture, links to other sites.
find  zip codes or  phone numbers in brazil [help-search]
daily brazilian news in:  
português


brazilian brochure (~25 
	megs pdf)
	

tour 
	alagoas  brochure 
	(~25 megs pdf) 

    
look at the cool pictures


























where are we going
today? just click on the city and start your trip! or select the links on the
left side.
          clique no mapa para visitar a área desejada ou clique nas opções à
          esquerda.





 


 
  

portuguese navigator pedro alvares cabral
      discovered brazil in 1500. from then on, various export cycles dominated brazil's economic
      development. the first of these cycles was based on the exportation of
      brazilwood, used to
      make dyes and paints. during the 17th century, brazil became the world's largest producer
      of sugar. in this period, a large number of african slaves were brought to brazil to work
      in the sugar cane plantations. gold and diamonds eventually replaced sugar as the
      country's major export product. by the second half of the 19th century, brazil was deep in
      a new cycle with coffee as the major export. today, coffee is still one of brazil's
      major sources of income. the late 19th-century rubber boom also brought prosperity and
      development to the north of brazil, previously ignored by the international economy. when
      napoleon invaded portugal in the early 1800's, dom
      joão vi king of portugal, fled
      to brazil where the portuguese court continued to run the empire. ports were opened to
      international (mostly british) commerce, and the colony grew substantially. in 1789, one
      of brazil's first movements for independence from portugal was crushed. its hero, tiradentes, became a national symbol of liberty.
      independence was finally proclaimed by dom pedro i
      (dom joão's son) in 1822. he became brazil's first emperor. 
 his son, dom pedro ii. reigned for 49 years until 1889 when
      the country became a republic. in 1888, slavery was abolished. in 1940 brazil began a new
      phase characterized by industrial development.

 


 at the same time, agricultural technology
      advanced giving further impetus to the industrial surge and accelerating financial
      expansion. in spite of a large and ever growing internal domestic market. brazil continues
      to be a major exporter of agricultural products as well as manufactured items such as
      heavy machinery, shoes and steel products. other historical
      facts



brazil's inhabitants are descendants of a mixture of
            people. portuguese colonizers mixed with the native indians and african slaves (mostly of yoruba and quimbundu origin,
            corresponding to modern-day nigeria benin and angola). dutch and french colonization also
            took place in the northeast. in the 19th
            century, waves of german, italian, polish and japanese
            immigrants added new elements to the mixture. brazilians are perhaps one of the most
            racially mixed peoples in the world.
portuguese is the national language, but
            brazilian portuguese is very different in accent and intonation from the language spoken
            in portugal or in other former portuguese colonies. some people suggest that brazilians actually speak
            ''brazilian" much in the same way that americans might be said to speak
            ''american" rather than english.
need more info about brazil for your school 
report?(mention this web site when you write)note: they have limited jurisdiction including 
            states of oregon, washington, alaska and
            some counties in the state of 
california. visit http://www.brazilsf.org/address.htm for full listing.
write to:setor culturalatt: rosana de saconsulate general of brazil300 montgomery st. suite 900san francisco, ca 94104

 






do you want to
      advertise
      on this site? write to 
      wtmorales@comcast.net deseja colocar a sua
      propaganda
    neste site?, escreva para gente.

       



you are the virtual
tourist # 
 since
may 2007

 


copyright notice: please 
	note that most material on this site is copyrighted, if pieces and bits of 
	this site is found in other locations without proper authorization there are 
	happy lawyers that would be glad to contact you. if you would like to use 
	some pictures, contents of this site, please contact author first.
questions or problems regarding this web site should be directed to 
	vivabrazil@vivabrazil.com
	copyright © 2003 walter t. morales. all rights reserved.
	last modified:
	tuesday september 25, 2007.

