



home - st. joseph's healthcare hamilton





































































top menu





healthcare
research
careers
foundation



aa

search:








site menu





patients & visitors
health services
quality & performance
about
contact

















  



 

 

hospital help desk / featuring ruth sahr, registered nurse
what brings you here today?


 







i need mental health support and resources






i am a patient, visitor, or family member






i am looking for program information






i would like to join the st. joe's team 






i am a physician






i am interested in research initiatives






i am a current staff member






i am a patient and family advisor










 


   

news




news: 
next →

showing 1-5 of 1025 entries.










feb 13, 2025
from resident to staff: dr. kristin delcellier’s path to psychiatry
 photo by christopher doyle  for many residents, choosing a specialty can feel like an overwhelming decision, but for dr. kristin delcellier, the path to psychiatry was clear from the start. since becoming a newly appointed staff psychiatrist at st....
» read more

 






feb 11, 2025
st. joseph’s health system welcomes new vice presidents of academic and research
st. joseph’s health system, a leader in mission-based health care and innovation, is proud to announce the appointment of two distinguished leaders to its executive team: dr. azim gangji as vice president, academic and dr. lehana thabane as vice...
» read more

 






jan 24, 2025
elizabeth buller to retire as st. joseph’s health system president & ceo on april 1, 2025
the board of directors of st. joseph’s health system (sjhs) announces that after almost 40 years of leadership in health care, elizabeth buller has decided to retire as president and chief executive officer of st. joseph’s health system,...
» read more

 






jan 22, 2025
building named in memory of young boy whose legacy inspired a first-of-its-kind mental health outreach team
pictured left to right: st. joe's president, mike heenan, clinical manager of coast and mcrrt, jennifer sansalone, inspector, hamilton police service, frank miscione, psychologist and mother of zachary, dr. lori triano-antidormi, hamilton city...
» read more

 






jan 14, 2025
st. joseph’s healthcare hamilton announces federal grant for new program to help people who use drugs
hamilton, on – st. joseph’s healthcare hamilton announced tuesday it has been awarded more than $4.3 million by health canada to fund an innovative program designed to improve the hospital experience for patients who use drugs, a population...
» read more

 


next →







 
mental health crisismedical emergency
emergency department renovation
mydovetale patient portal
giving to st. joe's
 

     


			videos & features
			

 






   having your baby at st joe's






   st. joe's strategic plan






   ed/ucc wait times






   work at st. joe's





 





home care
villa dundas
quality and performance
strategic plan
sj health system



phone 905-522-1155 medical disclaimeraccessibility planterms of use
privacy policymedia room
login

		 copyright © 2014 st joseph's healthcare hamilton. all rights reserved. proudly designed by intent with oasis cms






