


spinal tap fan site and this is spinal tap









what is
      spinal tap?
spinal
      tap
      store
text
      files
multimedia
discography
enormous
      a to zed
fan
      sites
tap-like
      films
comments











 
note: the stfs receives small commissions
      on purchases made through amazon.






spinal tap ii
      being filmed
according to industry sources, marty dibergi, who
      many believed to be dead, is again directing and bobbi flekman
      and artie fufkin are said to have been contacted. dibergi told
      reporters he expects a late spring or early summer 2025 release
      for the documentary.

jeff beck: rock 'n roll legend
jeff beck, the english rock guitarist who was heavily
      influenced by nigel (and vice versa), died on jan. 10, 2023.
      below is a photograph of beck, not a scene from tist.


coming soon: slap taps' balls
an officially licensed pinball machine that allows
      you to slam taps' balls against posts or paddle them hard with
      both hands is scheduled for release in early 2023. there's more
      info at spinaltappinball.com.


spinale tapestrie
props
      to @lexistwit


tap is back
the
      boys are back on the internet at spinaltap.com,
      although, per usual, no one knows who they are or what they are
      doing, but their legacy remains.

band now has official merch
spinal
      tap released this statement on sept. 29, 2021: "no wonder
      musicians go hungry. after decades when only fans and pirates
      made any cash out of spinal tap merchandise, the band have finally
      got their act together – it only took 30 years! a carefully
      curated collection of items, designed lovingly by nigel, david
      and derek and touched by the spinal tap magic, are on sale at
      shop.spinaltap.com."
      if you have been loved and touched by tap at some point over
      the years, it seems fair to return the favor.

derek to play bass on kelly clarkson
      show
unconfirmed,
      but rumor has it that derek
      will make an appearance playing bass on the kelly clarkson
      show on sept. 29, 2021.

the flaming lips perform in plastic
      bubbles
the
      band performed
      in plastic bubbles on jan. 22 and jan. 23, 2021, for concerts
      in oklahoma city, to protect the performers and audience from
      covid-19. wayne coyne of the lips earlier sketched
      out what he thought the bubble concert would look like, although
      he didn't do it on a napkin.
.
 


nigel's influences
george
      howlett, a london-based musician and writer who specializes in
      jazz, rhythm, indian classical and global improvised music, presented
      in guitar world in march 2020 his "full harmonic-melodic
      analysis" of nigel's solo captured in this is spinal
      tap, tracing its roots to modal jazz, bach and the ancient
      hindustani tradition of north india, which was immediately evident
      to anyone who listened to the entire performance and not just
      the rockumentary's 60-second clip. but it was good of george
      to bring
      this to the masses.

derek releases new album, songs,
      videos
derek
      smalls on april 13, 2018, released his first solo album, smalls
      change (meditations upon ageing), 43 years after he abandoned
      his initial effort to branch out with it's a smalls world.
      you can order the cd or vinyl, download the mp3 or stream it
      at amazon. the bassist
      also has a website
      with music videos and tour dates.

the
      songs include rock and roll transplant, it don't get old, smalls change,
      butt call, memo to willie, gimme some (more) money, hell toupee,
      gummin' the gash, she puts the bitch in obituary and when men
      did rock.

guest
      artists include jeff “skunk” baxter (steely dan, doobie
      brothers), david crosby, donald fagen (steely dan), jane lynch,
      steve lukather (toto), joe satriani, paul shaffer, chad smith
      (red hot chili peppers), richard thompson, rick wakeman (yes)
      and dweezil zappa.

it's
      a smalls world was recorded in 1975 when tap was on hiatus
      after a lawsuit. it is said to exist only as an eight-track demo
      tape but the bass tracks were released in 1979 by skaface as
      it's a dubs world.

origin story?
mark
      westin, who had planned to lead a spinal tap boot camp in new
      york at the beacon music factory, writes:
i'm
      proud to say i saw this is spinal tap on the night it
      opened in new york city. i'm also pretty sure i contributed to
      one of the most iconic moments in the film. although i have no
      proof, but here's the story.
in
      the late 1970s and early '80s i played a les paul, and along
      the way i lost one of the volume knobs. so i went to manny's
      music on 48th street to get a replacement. the guy at the counter
      showed me two bins and said, "we have these, and these."
"what's
      the difference?" i asked.
he
      held up a knob and said -- these were his exact words -- "these
      go to 11." the knob had the extra digit on it.
in
      those days there wasn't a huge selection of aftermarket parts
      for guitars, so this was unusual.
"so..,"
      i replied, and we finished the sentence together, "it's
      one louder."
i
      ended up buying four and replacing all the knobs on my guitar.
      for years i would show it to other guitar players at gigs and
      everyone had a good laugh. when i saw the movie and nigel said
      his guitars were "one louder," i almost fell off my
      seat.
manny's
      was known for its celebrity clientele, and to this day i am convinced
      that one of the guys in the band happened to be standing behind
      me in line that day, overheard the exchange, and filed it away.

tist to have theatrical release
      in japan
this
      is spinal tap had its theatrical release in japan on june
      16, 2018, at the shinjuku musashinokan movie theater in tokyo.
      the promoters have created a website at spinaltap.jp.



what they left out of the documentary
in
      an episode of his youtube series, "rough cuts," dana
      henson dissects the 4.5-hour work cut of marty dibergi's documentary
      about the band.



sadly,
      due to illness, the spinal taps tribute band, based in nottingham,
      stopped touring in 2015. but their facebook
      page lives on, and, like tap, they may well be back.



washington oks goes211 license
      plate; not about penis
back
      in 2007, the sacramento bee reported that the california
      dmv was attempting to recall the vanity license plate go 2 11
      that attorney keith wagner had on his car, after the agency received
      a complaint that the message can be read as "go to hell."
      here is the spirited response by
      wagner. five years later, in october 2012, the washington dmv
      showed more sense when the agency rejected
      a complaint about a plate on tony cava's 1989 bmw that reads
      goes211. according to the seattle times, the complainant
      asked the dmv to recall the plate because it referred to the
      fact the driver's penis "grows to 11 inches in length."
      but cava after explained it was a reference to his favorite movie,
      the dmv ruled the complaint was "pardon the pun, a stretch."

other classic instant reviews
in
      a list of "10 succinct pop critiques" from his book
      10 ways to recycle
      a corpse (and 100 other dreadfully distasteful lists),
      karl shaw somehow overlooks "shit sandwich," the infamous
      review of shark sandwich cited by marty dibergi in tist.
      but he does share other gems, such as "nah," a review
      in new musical express of the 1996 album yeah!
      by def leppard; "let's not," a review of let's groove
      by earth, wind & fire that appeared in smash hits
      in 1981; "don't think i wasn't tempted," a 1982 review
      in smash hits of run to the hills by iron maiden;
      "sht," the conclusion in creem of the supergroup
      gtr's album of the same name, in 1986; and "yes, mine,"
      the summary in 1979 by sounds magazine of wasting time
      by strangeways.

blast from the past
in
      2007 marty dibergi attempted to reunite tap for live earth, a
      concert designed to raise money to fight global warming. he was
      successful, if you want to call it that.

is tist the funniest film ever?
not
      sure how you can include a rockumentary on a list of comedies
      but time out london has given this is spinal tap
      the number one spot of its list of 100 best. in
      fact, says its reviewer, "this is one of the best films
      of all time." but who calls them "the tap"?

now available: spinal tap rarities
years
      ago i put together a compilation of rarities on cassette tape.
      i have ripped the master and posted it as side
      one (42mb) and side
      two (43mb) along with a pdf of the cassette
      insert (disregard the phone numbers). i also have posted
      an mp3 of tap's april 5, 1984 performance
      at the music machine in los angeles.

twisted sister guitarist covers
      "big bottom"
twisted
      sister guitarist eddie ojeda and his band of steel have contributed
      a cover of "big bottom" to whole lotta love: all-star
      salute to fat chicks. (you can hear a sample at myspace.) "when i was first asked if i
      wanted to cover 'big bottom,' i thought it was a joke,"
      ojeda said in a statement. "i mean, why would you ask a
      guitarist to play on a song with no guitars? in the end, i did
      find a way of adding my own personal touch to the song, while
      also being respectful to the bass-heavy sound of the original."
      added bassist chris mccarvill: "it wasn't hard playing all
      three bass parts, but it was hard playing them all at the same
      time."

porn company plans xxx version
      of this is spinal tap
hoping
      to cash in on what newsweek has called porn's new "gold
      mine" of movie and television parodies, new sensations announced
      plans in 2010 to make an adult film called this is spinal
      tap: a xxx parody. it was to be directed by lee roy myers,
      who has previously done explicit parodies of the big lebowski
      and reno 911, but he has left new sensations so the status
      of the project is uncertain. but really, is nothing sacred? with
      or without sex scenes, the concept of a parody of tist seems
      redundant.

spinal tap returns. seriously.
no,
      they are not dead ... yet. the official website was relauched
      and the band released a new album, back
      from the dead (also available at itunes and on
      11-inch vinyl). download a free track, saucy
      jack or any of their singles at amazon
      mp3. the amazon digital version of the new album includes
      a bonus track, (listen to the) flower people (2009). the band
      also discusses their music on its official youtube channel.

this is spinal tap released on
      blu-ray dvd
"this
      is spinal tap" has been released on blu-ray; you can order
      a copy at amazon. note
      that this dvd will only play on blu-ray players; it won't work
      on a standard dvd player. this is spinal tap
      is also available for download at itunes.

spinal tap art show at the phone
      booth gallery
after
      more than a year of planning, the phone booth gallery in southern
      california mounted an online art show devoted to spinal tap with
      various artists interpreting their favorite aspects of one of
      england's loudest bands. at right is "what size do you wear,
      sir?" by arlene reyes, a 10" by 8" acrylic on
      wood. other works included "airport security" by lil
      tuffy, "exact inner structure" by shannon freshwater,
      "the literal truth revealed" by mark michelon, "loved
      and lost" by chester burnett, "smell the glove"
      by handiedan, "nothing was left, well..." by ryan milner,
      "stonehenge was nearly trampled by a dwarf!" by illworx,
      "eleven" by brian banks and "jim" by garry
      booth. to browse, click here.

new analysis of spinal tap released
ethan
      de seife, a visiting professor of film at gettsyburg college
      whose writings on tap
      first appeared on this site, has written what is without a doubt
      the best critical analysis of the film for a volume of wallflower
      press's cultographies series. de seife recounts the production,
      promotion and initial reception to the film and the audience
      and critical reaction before getting to the meat of the matter,
      which is his analysis of the film and its secrets. this slim
      volume is a must-have for any serious taphead. you can buy it
      at amazon.

u2 becomes trapped inside giant
      pod
from
      q magazine (february 2007): " 'somebody had to out-spinal
      tap spinal tap, and i think we did.' so said edge about popmart
      mirrorball lemon: an impressive 40-foot fiberglass shell covered
      with inch-thick reflective tiles from which the band were supposed
      to emerge for every encore. except in oslo on 6 august 1997,
      when in true tap fashion the lemon failed to open, trapping them
      inside. today it lies dismantled in a dutch warehouse since,
      claims edge, it failed to sell when auctioned on ebay."

the keyboardist's curse
from
      the week (16 june 2006): "when vince welnick was invited
      in 1990 to become the grateful dead's keyboard player, the position
      already had a reputation as the most dangerous job in rock n'
      roll. three of the band's previous keyboardists had died in tragic
      circumstances—alcoholism, a car crash and a drug overdose.
      after being told about the "curse," welnick said, "i
      am aware that i could die doing this job, but i was dying of
      boredom before the job came up." welnick apparently killed
      himself, "the fourth and last in a grim series."

fine line between clever and ...
      history
from
      nice guys finish seventh,
      page 45: "during a conversation with one of his ambassadors
      following the russian debacle of 1812, napoleon kept repeating,
      'from the sublime to the ridiculous there is but one step.' after
      this ambassador reported their conversation in a book, the mot
      was attributed to bonaparte. it still is. but this thought was
      not original to him. in age of reason (1795), thomas paine wrote,
      'one step above the sublime makes the ridiculous, and one step
      above the ridiculous makes the sublime again.' " and, finally,
      as albert einstein once said, "the difference between stupidity
      and genius is that genius has its limits."

nearly none more black
in
      2003 the national physical laboratory in the u.k. went beyond
      black with a new npl super black that reflected only about .16
      of the light shined on it. however, in 2008 scientists at rice
      announced they had broken that record with a carpet of carbon
      nanotubes that reflect only 0.045 percent of light, or three times darker than npl super black. (by
      comparison, black paint has a reflectance of 5 to 10 percent.)
      however, neither of these findings eliminates the possibility
      that a substance is out there that is none more black.
update: there is an ongoing competition
      among artists to create the none more black. after british artist
      anish kapoor created vantablack, stuart semple in 2017 invented
      better black, which he sells through his website at culture hustle
      as black
      4.0, “the blackest black paint in the known universe.”

woman chokes on someone else's
      vomit
on
      7 march 2002, the saskatoon starphoenix in saskatchewan,
      canada, citing witnesses inside the pine grove correctional centre,
      reported that some female ex-heroin addicts so desperately crave
      methadone that they routinely consume the fresh vomit of fellow
      inmates currently on methadone treatment because enough is still
      present in the regurgitation. the newspaper uncovered the practice
      while investigating the death of an inmate. said a source, "the
      whole building knows (that the inmate choked on vomit). that's
      how she died." —from news of the weird, compiled by chuck shepherd
    




copyright
© 1995-2021
cc media, inc. // terms and conditions
// graphics by mary karlson

search engine
link to a to zed index

it's about the music


