

delta college - university center, michigan - delta college






please enable javascript to view this page.

please enable javascript to view this page.




please enable javascript to view this page.






please enable javascript to view this page.





skip to main content

























the delta way
directory
employment






info for
current students
future students
faculty & staff
community


search
                                    														













academics
admissions
campus life
costs & aid
services & support















 get credit forwhat you already know.
did you learn a skill through the military, take an advanced placement exam,or obtain a journeyman card? these are just a few ways to earn credit at delta.
learn more about credit for prior learning








attenddelta online.
with many online classes and programs,we’ll help you fit college into your busy life.
learn about attending online  








start here.go anywhere.
with tons of career and transfer programs,you're sure to find the perfect match.
explore delta's programs









explore programs
visit campus
apply now
request info
search for classes














“i feel supported inside and outside of the classroom.”
child development student, aleksis landers, feels her well-being is prioritized at
                  delta.learn about child development at delta

“your college decision should be a smart decision and delta is.”

nursing student, jason pringle, feels starting at delta is the smart choice on his
                     way to earn a bsn.
learn about nursing at delta

“delta has given me a better sense of direction for my future.”
christiana haight is taking one step at a time as she pursues her associate in arts.learn about delta's associate in arts program

“delta’s resources helped me get back into step academically.”

corey malone, physical therapist assistant student, is back in full swing with the
                     support of delta resources, like the writ center.
learn about services & support

“delta opens doors and provides support for a diverse student body.”
kayla trice, sonography student, shares her experience in a welcoming and supportive
                  environment.learn about diversity at delta







 


skip campus life gallery





life at delta 
see why delta is one of the nation’s leading community colleges.

life at delta
see why delta is one of the nation’s leading community colleges.

life at delta
see why delta is one of the nation’s leading community colleges.

life at delta 
see why delta is one of the nation’s leading community colleges. 




get involved
study groups. clubs and organizations. athletics. don't be shy, get involved. 




be adventurous
you can excel in something new. a class. a club. the options are endless.




play to win
delta athletics teams are awesome. they're regularly recognized for academic excellence,
                        serving the community, and for playing a great game.




sing your heart out
join the choir and you might just get to travel the world. singing. 






transfer on
want to save tons of money and get a great education? you can do that by starting
                        at delta. 




join a club
there's more to college than classes. 




train for in-demand jobs
we look toward the future so we can give you the training you need for the jobs you're
                        after. 




find great music
check out the calendar for the next editing event.






great beauty
delta's campus is gorgeous year round. come and explore. 




great speakers
we want you to learn beyond the classroom. 




great adventures
expect the unexpected with classes that include hands-on and service learning opportunities.




great demonstrations
learn great techniques from the masters. see what's next.






find great art
go ahead, stroll around campus and enjoy the beauty. you'll find art around every
                        corner. 




the best technology
we work hard to give you the best technology out there so you can hit the ground running
                        when you graduate.




see the world
get college credit while you experience a new culture.




reach your dreams
with more than 50,000 graduates around the country, delta graduates are everywhere.
                        you can be one of them.




explore the possibilities
be a student journalist, student athlete, or anything in between. 









news at delta




      world debut of rovers, rockets, and rock ‘n roll at the delta college planetarium  rovers, rockets, and rock ‘n roll debuts at the delta college planetarium friday, february 21 at 6pm and 7:30pm.       great lakes bay employment and internship fair  delta college will be hosting the great lakes bay employment fair on thursday, march 13, from noon – 3pm in pioneer gym.       delta faculty and staff recognized with 2024-25 league excellence award  betheen glady-teschendorf, beth kelch and kristy nelson recognized with national award for exceptional leadership and teaching at delta...       delta college celebrates black history month  delta college is celebrating black history month (bhm) with a series of themed events to recognize the cultural influence and historical...       delta college program spotlight: sonography  the sonography program at delta college is a competitive, top-rated program accredited by the commission on accreditation of allied health...       why accessibility is important to all of us—a conversation with a scrappy misfit  dr. rebekah taussig, award-winning, best-selling author of sitting pretty: the view from my ordinary resilient disabled body, joins us...       free fafsa workshops & scholarship deadline approaching  delta college is hosting workshops to help students complete the free application for federal student aid (fafsa) starting next week and...       delta college names new associate dean of the health and wellness division  delta college’s leadership team announced the appointment of dr. walaa awad as the new associate dean of the health and wellness division. more news




events
events calendar






connect with delta




social media directory






donate
public media
planetarium
workforce strategies
sustainability

 about us
               						













1961 delta road
university center, mi 48710
989-686-9000




contact us
a-z index
locations & maps
safety information


athletics
bookstore
library
pool & fitness


board of trustees
public meeting notices
equity
privacy statement



© 2025 delta college   •   website accessibility





please enable javascript to view this page.

please enable javascript to view this page.

please enable javascript to view this page.

please enable javascript to view this page.

please enable javascript to view this page.



please enable javascript to view this page.

please enable javascript to view this page.



©please enable javascript to view this page.
