


the model expo























    
	the model expo
	
  








thursday, february 21, 2008



	 

	 the model expo hits orlando april 26th and 27th!
	 
    


april 26th and 27th the model expo will be held at the caribe royale hotel and convention center.  those who have been lucky enough to be selected at one of our open calls will get a chance of a life time to walk a long run way in front of over 30 top model agencies from new york, miami, and la.  all potential models will also get a chance to show these agencies their pictures.  if selected model search nyc finalist will be allowed to sit down with the agents face to face for an one on one interview the very same day.  it promises to be exciting and a day no one will soon forget.   this event will be sponsored by central talent and model search nyc.  the model expo is the number one way to start a career as a model and most importantly its absolutely free.   http://www.modelsearchnyc.com



posted by model search nyc at 1:09 pm






thursday, january 17, 2008



	 

	 the new year with modelsearch nyc
	 
    


model search nyc kicked off the new year with an amazing model expo in charlotte, north carolina.  over 30 agencies converged into the massive ballroom to meet hundreds of potential models  to expand the frontiers of the modeling world with new talent.  modelsearchnyc put up over six hundred thousand dollars of its own money to give the best chance possible for those who were serious about a career in modeling.  boy, did it work!  any onlooker would have been amazed as they saw dozens and dozens of girls and boys, men and women walk by with the business cards of the various agencies.  and now dwight agnor is out to do it again.  dwight is spending his own time and money to personally meet people who want to pursue a career as a model.  currently open calls are being held in florida for free.  for times, dates, and locations just visit www.modelsearchnyc.com 



posted by model search nyc at 1:09 pm






thursday, september 28, 2006



	 

	 attend the model expo - free of charge!
	 
    


dwight agnor, founder of the model expo and model search nyc, has recently pledged to revolutionize the model scouting industry by announcing a bold new format for their live scouting events. the model expo, sponsored by model search nyc, is now being offered absolutely free to it's invitation only attendees! while other live scouting events charge hundreds... even thousands, of dollars - the model expo will charge no fee at all for participants to meet a minimum of 25 top modeling agents from new york, los angeles and miami. participants must be selected and pre-approved by dwight agnor at a model search nyc open call. to find an open call near you go to http://www.modelsearchnyc.com/.



posted by model search nyc at 12:25 am






wednesday, july 05, 2006



	 

	 top midwest agencies attending expo!
	 
    


in addition to 30 top modeling agencies from new york, los angeles and miami, model search nyc's upcoming chicago event (scheduled for september 1st, 2006) will host some of the midwest's most exclusive agencies as well. agencies scheduled to attend include elite chicago, stewart talent and chosen, all from chicago, and traque model management from detroit, michigan.  for more information on the chicago model search nyc event go to www.modelsearchnyc.com.



posted by model search nyc at 5:41 pm






saturday, may 20, 2006



	 

	 new chicago date
	 
    


dwight agnor's model expo & model search nyc has introduced another exciting and innovative concept.... all ct finalists who attend a model search nyc open call will receive a free photo shoot with a top photographer. obviously, an undertaking of this magnitude (a complete photo shoot for all ct finalists attending the expo) will take weeks to complete. fortunately, the westin o'hare hotel (the host of the chicago model expo) has agreed to reschedule the event one month later than the original date of july 29th. the new date for the model expo will be saturday, september 2, 2006.



posted by model search nyc at 10:43 am






saturday, april 08, 2006



	 

	 miami expo a success!
	 
    


the model expo that occurred in miami beach on march 25, 2006 was a huge success! twenty-five top agencies, casting directors and photographers from new york, miami and los angeles were in attendance to scout from the expo participants. the agencies included elite ny, elite miami, next miami, mc2, major models ny, ny models, la models, vny, wilhelmina ny, gilla-roos, cesd, r &l and many more. the model expo team is currently holding open calls in the chicago area in preparation for their next event scheduled for july 29, 2006 in chicago, il.



posted by model search nyc at 4:25 pm






sunday, december 11, 2005



	 

	 model expo nearing quickly
	 
    


"the model expo is still selling out fast!", says model guru dwight agnor. the model expo is scheduled for march 24th in miami beach, florida.registration for the model expo is open to the general public. regularly priced at $595, interested models can register online at www.themodelexpo.com.25 top model agents will attend the model expo, according to dwight agnor. for details, logon to www.themodelexpo.com.



posted by model search nyc at 9:44 am











about me

name:  model search nyc 

view my complete profile

links

dwight agnor - the orginator of the model expo concept
dwight agnor model discoveries
model search florida
central talent - the most respected talent scouting company in the world! 
inner circle magazine
dwight agnor blog
central talent blog

previous posts

the model expo hits orlando april 26th and 27th!
the new year with modelsearch nyc
attend the model expo - free of charge!
top midwest agencies attending expo!
new chicago date
miami expo a success!
model expo nearing quickly
expo selling out fast
miami beach model expo filling up quick
coming soon!

archives

september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006
september 2006
january 2008
february 2008





 





