






pat's boating in canada  
















pat's boating in canada








			27	






















helping boaters since 1996! 

welcome to one of the oldest, largest boating sites in canada.
each year, an estimated 12â million canadians

go boating in 8 million boats.
with the world's longest coastline, and more lakes than in the rest of the world combined, canada is a country made for boating.  research has shown a connection between water and happiness. maybe that's the reason the rest of the world thinks canadians are so "nice"?! so if you have lost your heart to a boat, you can learn all about boating here!


	how to find things:

browse this page —
	regulations,
	safety & navigation,
	cruising,
	buying a boat,
	 boat shows & fun stuff.
search our alphabetic index.






canadian links
government directory
boating in canada news




 1. rules & regulations in canada


pleasure craft operators card
 the card (pcoc) is now required for operating any
	powered boat. foreign visitors and renters follow special rules.
boat licences & registration 
 for boats, before you wet her bottom. licensing is the norm
	-- you get new federal licence numbers from the province,
	such as on123456 in ontario. 
mandatory safety equipment 
 depends on boat type & length 
boating laws
 on-the-water tickets for a number of infractions (contravention act)
	 licences, marine radios, compliance plates, fishing, pollution, etc.
	whales and boating regulations

government directory
 find details about government regulations affecting boating.
	includes u.s. and provincial governments. 
rules of the road
 what you need to know to avoid a collision with all the
	boats out there! repeat after me: "there is no right of way"! 
entering the u.s.a. by boat
 crossing the border, customs decals, i-68 forms, video
	terminals, nexus, cruising permits. security procedures
	change regularly! 
entering canada by boat
 foreign boaters need information on immigration, customs,
	tax rebates, marine radio, environmental laws, boat and operator
	licensing requirements, and which ports to report to. 
vhf marine radio
 in canada boaters need licences to use a vhf radio: an optional
  	licence for the radio and a mandatory licence for the operator.
	there is a "short" vhf channel list
	and an emergency "mayday" sheet for your crew. 
speed limits and "no wake" signs
 near-shore speed limits in most provinces
	 posted limits near marinas, narrow channels, canals, sensitive shore
	
alcohol, drugs & boats
 both federal and provincial laws and regulations cover use on boats.


	"money cannot buy happiness, but can buy you a yacht...
	and i've never seen a sad man on a yacht."  
	- hugh hefner
	


 2. safety & navigation


small boat navigation
 using a compass for chart plotting
electronic navigation using echarts.
	waas navigation the most accurate
	electronic system.
	older systems in common use:
	gps, dgps.
	
float plan
 for you to fill out and give to a friend or the coast guard
	 -- just in case. 
marine weather
 forecasts to avoid bad experiences!
	mafor code,
	beaufort scale
distress signals
 to use when you are in trouble -- from flares to mayday.
	waving your arms and screaming works too! 
sound signals
 signalling your intentions with a horn or other device.

spring pre-launch checklist
 important boat checks for a stress-free season. 
fuelling gasoline
 safety at the gas dock (or "how i hate flying through the air!")
	how to save fuel 
fire extinguishers
 a real-life galley fire story.
cpr and cardiopulmonary resuscitation
 refresher for those who have taken a course. 
drowning & prevention
 how to recognize a drowning person.
	 simple drown-proofing  everyone should learn. 
electric shock drowning (esd)
 how to recognize, deal with, and prevent dangerous
	electric power leaks from docks and boats. 
hypothermia
 it can kill you. here are the symptoms and treatment
	as well as how to  prevent it. 
rip tides
 how to recognize a rip tide and what to do to save
	yourself from one. 
seasickness
 how to prevent and treat "mal de mer". 
carbon monoxide poisoning
 prevent this silent killer. the odorless gas from any
	fuel-burning engine, generator, heater or stove can kill. 
save your boat from sinking
 emergency kits & procedures to save your boat 
marina security
 learn how to protect your boat from theft and mischief.
mosquitoes
 protect your crew from mosquitoe bites and illnesses.

 west nile virus
 mosquito-born disease 
 lyme disease & black-legged ticks
fast growing epidemic in north america
anaplasmosis is spread by ticks.

aquatic invasive species
 invasion of the great lakes by species such as zebra mussels, quagga mussels,
	round gobie, asian carp, and hydrilla
	"clean, drain, dry" campaign
	to stop the spread of invasive species 
boating statistics
 this is our collection of statistics about
	boating accidents, drownings, and the boat industry.


 3. cruising in canada 


the rideau waterway
 unesco world heritage site from ottawa, ontario (canada's capital)
	 to kingston on lake ontario - the best cruising, fishing, history
	 and scenery. read pat's "rideau canal cruising guide".
	don't miss our videos. 
the trent-severn waterway
 386 km. of canals, rivers, and 45 locks from trenton on lake
	ontario to lake huron - prefect for power cruising and touring.
	 canadian canoe museum, and
	peterborough locks
the great lakes
 great boating in the largest area of freshwater on earth.
	thousand islands national park,
	also known as the 1000 islands [sigh].
	 pat's island photos.
	
small circle cruise planning
 cruise canals, lakes & rivers of new york, ontario, quebec,
	vermont
small circle cruise diary 
cruising british columbia
 b.c.'s protected waters offer
	breathtaking scenery, solitude, marine life, mountains,
	and fiords.
st. lawrence to lake champlain
	by kayak
 paddling voyage from lake ontario, st. lawrence river, richelieu
	river, to lake champlain
stand up paddleboarding (sup)
 this boating-made-simple is expanding fast

cruising south
 cruising south to the icw, florida and bahamas.
	even how to make a rum pot and
	cruise planning with google earth
cruising north 
northwest passage in the canadian arctic

canadian yacht clubs & boating associations
 directory of boating groups across canada. 
cruising with pets
 should you do it? how to survive it! 
how to do things around the boat
 basic boating hints
batteries
spring checklist
winterizing (eastern ontario)
outboard motors

fishing in ontario
 provinces regulate fishing, so this is general. 
aquatic environment, water quality
 invasive species, virus and chemicals in fish,
	holding tanks, clean marine, sewage into snow, solar boats
	 biodiesel,
	 drinking water, parasites

how to clean a boat
 non-toxic cleaning
"clean, drain, dry" campaign
	to stop the spread of invasive species
	
loons
 the wonderful birds whose mournful call is heard
	 across canada's fresh water lakes in the summer.



 5. buying a boat 


buying a boat
 it's fun but it's not easy! to avoid all the mistakes most
	boat buyers make, read 
why you should buy a boat in canada 
 things to consider if you think boat deals are better
	in the u.s.a.
buying a boat in the usa (importing a boat
	and trailer)
 our collection of boaters' experiences will help you do it
	more easily. 
survey a boat (yourself)
 a checklist to help you look at boats and keep your head
	when you've lost your heart!
	then hire a marine surveyor before you make any offers. 
 "the name game"
 favorite boat names
christening and
	de-naming ceremonies
	removing a vinyl decal

top insurance claims
 the most common accidents that can happen on the water. 
how to dispose of a boat
 you could sell it, but there are options.
taxes and fees
 boaters pay many fees and taxes (we aren't all rich, eh!)


 6. fun stuff for boaters!


boat shows & events
 boat shows, poker runs, tall ships 
our social media, news, videos
	



twitter: @boatingincanada news



blogger boating in canada news 



wordpress boating in canada news 



youtube: boats & beaches
flotsam 
 knots, lines, flags, music, life on mars... 
 poetry for sailors
 includes the the irish blessing. 
boating cartoons 
pat's collection of favorites 
boating humour and jokes collection:
	
	celsius & the toronto maple leafs
	pirate joke
	the "laws" of boating
	teaching sailing
	true sailing story
	sailor math 
	boat shoe humour

how to identify a canadian boater!
with some northern tongue in cheek. 
the perfect storm: the condensed script
 for those who haven't time to see the movie! 
the "laws" of boating
 laugh, so you don't cry! 
captain's commandments
 not to be taken seriously ..please!
canadian boating quiz
 sail your brain! can you identify all
	canada'a provinces and territories
canadian boating scavenger hunt
 a fun game for your boating social for the kids (or adults?)
apps for sailors
 navigation, weather, charts, tides, boating resources
media stuff
 music, calendar, music, loon calls 
boating photography
 how to take memorable photos while bouncing around.
photography in a kayak
 how to take photos safely while you are pabrling
boating and sex (article)

sex lives of canadian boaters
	 (survey pubished with permission)
cool tools
	today's moon (image)
canadian time zone clocks


	pat's units converter tool (pdq library)
	 converts distance, speed, weight, volume, temperature,
	pressure, area. the "gas price converter" converts
	between u.s. dollars per gallon and canadian dollars per litre.
	save the web page to use it offline!
	





email
about us
sitemap





pat's boating in canada by pat drummond is licensed under a 
creative commons attribution-noncommercial 4.0 international license.
based on a work at http://boating.ncf.ca
permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at
http://boating.ncf.ca/copyright.html.








home
©1996-

contact pat
boatingincanada.com




