



katy independent school district / homepage
























































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

adams junior high
alexander elementary
bear creek elementary
beck junior high
beckendorff junior high
bethke elementary
bryant elementary
campbell elementary
cardiff junior high
cimarron elementary
cinco ranch high school
cinco ranch junior high
creech elementary
davidson elementary
exley elementary
faldyn elementary
fielder elementary
franz elementary
freeman high school
golbow elementary
griffin elementary
haskett junior high
hayes elementary
holland elementary
hutsell elementary
jenks elementary
jordan high school
katy elementary
katy high school
katy junior high
kilpatrick elementary
king elementary
leonard elementary
mayde creek elementary
mayde creek high school
mayde creek junior high
mcdonald junior high
mcelwain elementary
mcmeans junior high
mcroberts elementary
memorial parkway elementary
memorial parkway junior high
miller career & technology center
morton ranch elementary
morton ranch high school
morton ranch junior high
nottingham country elementary
paetow high school
pattison elementary
randolph elementary
rhoads elementary
robertson elementary
rylander elementary
schmalz elementary
seven lakes high school
seven lakes junior high
shafer elementary
stanley elementary
stephens elementary
stockdick junior high
opportunity awareness center
raines academy
robert r. shaw center for steam
sundown elementary
taylor high school
tays junior high
tompkins high school
west memorial elementary
west memorial junior high
williams elementary
wilson elementary
winborn elementary
wolfe elementary
wolman elementary
woodcreek elementary
woodcreek junior high
youngblood elementary
nelson junior high
katy isd livestock show
katy isd athletic hall of honor
elementary 47






sign in


search our site













district home

schools




translate










search this site
















close




















our district
"
katy isd safety updates
of the year honorees
staff directory
strategic plan 2017-22
strategic plan 2022-24
tre


about katy isd
about our namesakes
accessibility
attendance boundary modification
back to school
bond programs
community bond advisory committee
departments
emergency notifications
organizational charts
public notices
strategic plan 2024-26
superintendent



board
"



board
election



departments
"
academic counseling, college & career guidance
after school programs
agricultural sciences center
alternative certification program
athletics
attendance
bullying prevention and student support
career and technical education
chief communications officer
chief financial officer
chief information officer
chief operations officer
communications
deaf education
deputy superintendent
distribution center
dropout prevention: recovery
eci project tyke
elementary curriculum & instruction
esl/bilingual/parent centers
facilities/planning/construction
facility rentals
federal programs and external funding
financial services
fine arts
gifted/talented & advanced academics
graduation
health & physical education curriculum
health services
human resources
internal & community relations
interventions
katy isd education foundation
katy onthego
katy summer academic term
katy virtual school
legacy parent academy
legal services
legislative priorities
library services
maintenance & operations
merrell center
nutrition and food services
outdoor learning center
partners in education
police
professional learning
purchasing
registration
research, assessment, and accountability
risk management
robert r. shaw center for steam
school leadership supervision
school leadership support
secondary curriculum & instruction
section 504
social work services: support
speakup
special education
student foreign exchange program
student transfers
teaching & learning
technology
transportation
truancy
bb training
chief academic officer
instructional resources information
instructional technology
marketing
pay n' go
school & community engagement
special education operating guidelines
jazz workshop





students
"




families
"
community eligibility provision (cep) campuses


bullying prevention
class 1:1
family technology resources
foreign exchange program
graduation
legacy parent academy
student transfers
summer school
volunteering



careers
"



human resources
alternative certification program
career opportunities
compensation



community
"
bl - stuff


branding and logo use
community
community bond advisory committee
community education
facility rentals
gold card club
katy corkboard
katy independent school district catastrophe notice
open records
partners in education



event venues
"



event venues



















district links


awards/recognition

board election results

calendar

child find/504

district data dashboard

district map

find your school (district map) 

printable version of the district map


financial transparency

frequently accessed pages

branding and logo use

cep campuses

community bond advisory committee

esser

nutrition and food services

safety updates

school board policies


handbooks

community resources guide

community resources guide - spanish

course catalog handbook 2024-2025

course catalog handbook 2025-2026

discipline management handbook

discipline management handbook - spanish

student handbook

student handbook - spanish


homeless information























































news headlines











record-setting rodeo showcases katy isd’s ffa programs 

 despite the rainy and cold weather this week, katy isd’s 2025 ffa livestock show and rodeo was a celebration of community, hard work and the district’s enduring connection to agriculture.

comments (-1)












committed to collegiate excellence, katy isd student-athletes sign letters of intent

in a testament to the award-winning katy isd athletics department, 49 katy isd student-athletes have inked agreements with collegiate programs across the country with letters of intent to continue their playing careers on a larger stage.

comments (-1)












a perennial favorite, katy isd’s ffa best buddies special rodeo continues spirit of community 

the dark clouds and rain outside didn’t dampen the joyous spirit inside, as katy isd held its best buddies special rodeo, as part of this year’s ffa livestock show.

comments (-1)












back-to-back champs, katy isd students best spelling bee—again 

repeating their skillfulness at spelling , beckendorff junior high sixth-grader arnav vijay and beck junior high sixth-grader sahith iyer will represent katy isd at the upcoming 2025 scripps regional spelling bee. as fifth graders, the pair were named district champions last year. 

comments (-1)












roosevelt alexander elementary teacher olivia watson sacks-up h-e-b finalist award & cash prize for leadership

in a surprise ceremony that included her family near and far, roosevelt alexander elementary teacher olivia watson learned she’d been named a finalist for the h-e-b excellence in education award. 

comments (-1)




more 



subscribe to rss feed - news headlines 









































district announcements







katy isd police class offering: cpr/aed training 
date: february 25, 2025    time: 5-8 p.m.   location: room 1200 bcg – staff development entrance                  6301 s. stadium ln. katy, tx 77494 
  


comments (-1)








opt in window now open! – elementary human growth and development instruction     


   in accordance with texas house bill 1525 (hb 1525), katy isd is required to provide instruction relating to human growth and development. katy isd, with guidance from the school health advisory council (shac), has approved the curriculum that will be used to teach this topic and has determined the grade level(s) that will receive instruction on this topic. all lessons are aligned with the teks and meet the requirements mandated by the state.  


under texas statute, parents must give their consent, allowing their child to participate in the lessons that address human growth and development.  the deadline to give consent is march 7, 2025.   


below is the parent consent window and the time frame when lessons will be taught: parent consent window: february 3rd – march 7th  instruction window: april 7th – may 22nd    


human growth and development lesson preview if you wish to review the lesson(s), use the links below to review the curriculum:    


4th grade   https://katyisd.instructure.com/courses/577945  


5th grade   boy’s video:  https://www.canva.com/design/dagakgxfrie/emlkudowr-zlbqposfnkew/watch  


girl’s video:  https://www.canva.com/design/dagakr8a2zi/2qtmyttycf9fjt0fydosta/watch     


5th grade only (boys & girls)   fetal development: https://www.canva.com/design/dafl6nppzbk/fhzqat4xhxgnl0gidosplq/watch  


parents may opt their child in for instruction by logging in to mykaty and selecting the kisd option portal icon. additional technology help resources have been included for reference. 


this content is intended to initiate conversations between you and your child about the physical, emotional, and social changes that occur during adolescence. it is a priority for katy isd to partner with our families and community to create a safety net for our students. 


kisd option portal icon:  


visit the katy option portal help guide for parents for assistance in navigating the portal. 


*if you are a katy isd employee and a parent of a student you must login with your parent hac credentials on a personal device or in an incognito window. 


for steps on how to browse incognito, visit the chrome-incognito browser instruction guide 


*google chrome is the recommended web browser for optimal performance, particularly on desktop or laptop platforms, rather than mobile devices. 


find detailed technology support on our family technology resources web page, including how to get support under the section titled, “further assistance.” 


to enter a support request: parent tech support guide 


family technology support: 281-396-7400 hours of operation: 


6:30 a.m. – 7 p.m. mon-fri 


10 a.m. – 2p.m. saturday  


please email instructionalresources@katyisd.org with any, non-technical related, questions. 


opt in window now open! – junior high human growth and development instruction     


   


in accordance with texas house bill 1525, katy isd is required to provide instruction relating to human growth and development. katy isd, with guidance from the school health advisory council (shac), has approved the curriculum that will be used to teach this topic and has determined the grade level(s) that will receive instruction on this topic. per hb 1525, junior high students will receive instruction through a self-guided canvas course in human growth and development. under the hb 1525 statute, parents must give their consent, allowing their child to participate in the lessons that address human growth and development. the curriculum provides students with age-appropriate information that aligns with the teks and meets the requirements mandated by hb 1525. 


below is the parent consent window and the time frame when lessons will be taught:  parent consent window: february 3rd – march 7th  instruction window: april 7th – may 22nd 


human growth and development lesson preview click here to review the curriculum materials junior high students will receive through a self-guided canvas course. 


parents may opt-in their child for instruction by logging in to mykaty and selecting the kisd option portal icon. additional technology help resources have been included for reference.   


this content is intended to initiate conversations between you and your child about the physical, emotional and social changes that occur during adolescence. it is a priority for katy isd to partner with our families and community to create a safety net for our students.   


kisd option portal icon:  


visit the katy option portal help guide for parents for assistance in navigating the portal. 


*if you are a katy isd employee and a parent of a student you must login with your parent hac credentials on a personal device or in an incognito window. 


for steps on how to browse incognito, visit the chrome-incognito browser instruction guide. 


*google chrome is the recommended web browser for optimal performance, particularly on desktop or laptop platforms, rather than mobile devices.   


find detailed technology support on our family technology resources web page including how to get support under the section titled, “further assistance.” 


to enter a support request: parent tech support guide 


family technology support: 281-396-7400 hours of operations: 


6:30 a.m. – 7 p.m. mon-fri 


10 a.m. – 2 p.m.saturday    


please email instructionalresources@katyisd.org with any non-technical questions. 


opt in window now open! – high school human growth and development instruction     


   


students enrolled in high school health will receive instruction in human growth and development, abuse, and violence prevention during the sixth six weeks for students earning credit during the spring semester. topics will include the physical changes resulting from puberty, as well as personal hygiene, abuse, abstinence, prevention of sexually transmitted diseases, dating violence, family violence and child abuse.  all lessons and topics are aligned to the texas essential knowledge and skills (teks) and meet requirements  mandated by the state. 


under texas statute, parents must give their consent to allow their child to participate in the lessons that address human growth and development, abuse and violence prevention. parents have the right to review the curriculum materials and will be provided access during the parent consent window. 


below is the parent consent window and the time frame when lessons will be taught: parent consent window: february 3rd – march 7th   instruction window: april 7th – may 22nd   


health human growth and development, abuse, and violence prevention lesson    


click here to review the curriculum materials that will be taught to students enrolled in high school health education. 


parents may opt-in their child for instruction by logging in to mykaty and selecting the kisd option portal icon. additional technology help resources have been included for reference. 


this content is intended to initiate conversations between you and your child about the physical, emotional and social changes that occur during adolescence. in addition, awareness and education on abuse and violence are key to prevention and intervention. it is a priority for katy isd to partner with our families and community to create a safety net for our students.  


kisd option portal icon:  


click here for the katy option portal help guide for parents 


*if you are a katy isd employee and a parent of a student you must login with your parent hac credentials on a personal device or in an incognito window. see instructions on incognito browser here 


*google chrome is the recommended web browser for optimal performance, particularly on desktop or laptop platforms, rather than mobile devices.   


find detailed technology support on our family technology resources web page including how to get support under the section titled, “further assistance.” 


to enter a support request: parent tech support  guide   


family technology support: 281-396-7400  hours of operations: 


6:30 a.m. – 7 p.m. mon-fri 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. saturday  


please email instructionalresources@katyisd.org with any, non-technical related, questions. 





comments (-1)








 



comments (-1)








2025-2026 course selection is open! 
the schoolinks course selection window is open! current 5th through 11th grade students will select their 2025 summer semester courses and courses for the upcoming school year. after making their selections, parents will approve students’ courses by logging into mykatycloud and clicking on the schoolinks tile to review and approve their child’s personalized plan. 


comments (-1)








home access center (hac) - guardian & student access  
for security purposes, on january 15, 2025, you will be required to login to mykaty cloud (mkc) to access home access center (hac). this new step will require you to set up multi-factor authentication (mfa) and will only apply to guardians or students that have never logged into mkc. for help with mfa setup, please go to this article. 


you will use the same username and password credentials in mykaty cloud (mkc) that you currently enter for hac. katy isd encourages you to log into mykaty cloud (mkc) to access hac now.  


for further assistance, please go to parent/guardian password frequently asked questions. 


family technology support - hours of operation 281-396-7400 school year: 6:30 am - 4:30 pm monday - friday, excluding district holidays. 



comments (-1)









2024-2025 staar testing updates  


katy isd staar testing calendar will offer campuses a 3-day testing window to administer state testing for specific content areas.  one day is designated for staar science (5/8), social studies (8), and algebra i at the high school level.  campuses will choose their testing dates and grade levels based on the katy isd testing windows, which are aligned with the state testing windows.  specific staar testing days by campus will be posted to katy isd research, assessment, and accountability website in mid-fall.  


for the 2024-2025 school year, staar testing will be administered online. only students who qualify for a special administration will be allowed to be tested using a paper format.  



comments (-1)









technology assistance 


students and parents who need assistance with their chromebook should check out the family technology resources & support website. there are many resources available to support parents and students katy 1 source.  click on katy 1 source after logging into mykaty. 



comments (-1)




more 














upcoming events





today

5th secondary grading cycle begins





march 10, 2025

spring break • students and staff





march 11, 2025

spring break • students and staff





march 12, 2025

spring break • students and staff





march 13, 2025

spring break • students and staff





march 14, 2025

spring break • students and staff





march 15, 2025

spring break • students and staff





march 17, 2025

4th elementary grading cycle begins





march 31, 2025

pre-registration





april 7, 2025

6th secondary grading cycle begins





april 18, 2025

holiday • students and staff




view calendar













katy isd updates







subscribe to the new monthly katy isd update!
subscribe to all other district/campus notifications.





























6301 south stadium lane
katy, tx 77494








                                        phone: (281) 396-6000
                                    



                                    fax: 
                                





email: communications@katyisd.org










back to top












questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close






















