






eltan | your pc and communication technology partner




































+31 73-594 46 60
info@eltan.com



 linked in




x


 





 linked in




x



 












company
services

firmware development

uefi firmware
coreboot
intel slim bootloader
openbmc


hardware development


development tools

espi post code card
lpc post code card
dediprog programmer


partners
careers
contact
 


selecteer een pagina


  
 
 










your communication technology partner
with our advanced tools and extensive knowledge, we assist our customers in optimizing their operating systems and implementing specialized functions.

get to know us












why eltan?
eltan offers a robust development environment for crafting and debugging firmware solutions. with our advanced tools and extensive knowledge, we assist our customers in optimizing their operating systems and implementing specialized functions.




the firmware that you need
eltan has a very long track record in creating customer specific firmware solutions. distributor for phoenix uefi and legacy bios since 1998 and experts in open source firmware like coreboot and intel slim bootloader.






cooperation is the key
your project is supported by a dedicated engineer. to make sure that the firmware you will be using is well understood and the system can work without issues, this engineer intensively cooperates with you. during and after the project phase.






support of hardware design
with in-house experts for hardware design, firmware, device drivers, (real time) operating systems and security, eltan provides a unique concentration of experts to create new products and fully exploit the opportunities of the changing technologies.









firmware development
every design requires a unique firmware solution to retrieve the maximum performance of the system. we can provide you with different firmware solutions.

solutions we work with:
























learn more







hardware development








hardware design
our experienced engineers specialize in custom hardware design, ensuring your project aligns with the latest technology and industry standards.








schematic reviews
we offer professional schematic review services to optimize your hardware’s performance and reliability.








measurement and debug
our team provides comprehensive measurement and debug assistance to enhance the functionality and efficiency of your hardware.







learn more





 







contact us eltan b.v.
ambachtstraat 23
5481 sm schijndel
the netherlands
 info@eltan.com
 +3173 594 46 60

kvk nummer: 17104099
btw nummer: nl806800355b01

company contact
development tools

 






 linked in




x


ⓒ 2023 all rights reserved | privacy
 











