

darlor vintage watches and timepieces.










     


























 




      





vintage wristwatches and pocket watches for sale, from bulova to rolex, specializing in omega.
every timepiece is fully restored by 
our certified watchmaker, with original watch parts, and comes with a guarantee.
see the great vintage watches we have 
on this page, and all 70 of our web pages !
our telephone number 289-868-9699.


















search darlor watch        
		    advanced




info@darlor-watch.com  


 




we use  secure credit card processing








view purchase details



contact us



favorite links











other darlor watch 
pages: 



pocket 
watches     
wrist 
watches $75.00-175.00 

wrist 
watches $200.00-275.00     
wrist 
watches $300.00-375.00

wrist 
watches $400.00-575.00     
our 
rolex watches     
our 
omega watches      


vintage 
watches for the ladies!    
men's gold wrist watches

darlor  
jewellery - new & vintage


small clocks
<<<<<<< carriage clocks, car clocks, 
purse fold pocket watch ,     

  





darlor watch speaks english, nous parlons 
français.  info@darlor-watch.com


changes last made  jan-21, 2025our 
   rolex    
watches

    


 

all pieces come with a no hassle 2 
		year warranty parts and labour ;-)



continue to page 2

   page 3

   page 4

   page 5





 







 


iwc "international watch schaffhausen" 
stainless steel well serviced original buckle and signed crown 1968

stock item #iwc5800------a classic and iconic international 
schaffhausen time piece is here for sale and recently serviced with a new 
mainspring. this is a genuine piece with the signed "iwc" ,fish" crown and 
"i.w.c" signed steel buckle. this is a stainless steel case and as the scan 
shows you this is a well signed case with a screw in back and no personal 
engravings. the case serial number is 1,897,428 and the case reference number is 
r-810. from lug to lug this iwc case is 41mm long and wide less the signed steel 
crown it is 35mm. the acrylic crystal is perfect not a flaw. this is a factory 
original grey dial never cleaned, touched up nor altered. if you look closely 
and i mean close you can see a tad of patina though hard to see. the hands are 
original and with new luminous as the original luminous started to flake off 
onto the dial, i will say this is the exact same colour as the original 
luminous. this is a caliber 89 manual wind iwc movement and clean is not the 
word, rather "spotless" with a new main spring needless to say as mentioned 
prior. the serial number for this manual wind schaffhausen movement is 1,934,828 
which tells me this piece was produced in house at the iwc swiss factory in the 
year 1968. a few winds of the crown and the balance takes off to keep amazing 
time for sure. the band is 18mm in width never worn not a bend with the iwc 
signed steel buckle. as good as it gets!

2900.00 usd 














 

 






 








gruen prince gold filled doctor's watch duo dial used 
in (rolex prince movements) perfectly servcied and original !  1935

stock item #gruen9010------i 
have for sale a fully serviced with a new main spring genuine gruen 877-s 
movement and used in the rolex prince series in the 1940's and late 1930's. if 
you change the name on this gruen to rolex prince the price would jump 3.5  to 
6x's higher though the same movement ! this is a 10k gold filled signed gruen 
case at 44mm long and 22mm wide. the back does have an engraving and adds much 
history to this gruen timepiece. the case reference number is 877/290 and the 
case serial number is g-066,435. this case is really clean and snaps closed 
perfectly. this gruen dial is very clean with a tinge of patina and the hands 
are original fancy spade open end pieces. the crystal is glass and freshly 
replaced properly of coarse! this movement i can tell you keeps nearly perfect 
time as it is that clean and serviced the right way with never a short cut 
taken. there are 15 clean and inspected ruby jewels and the movement serial 
number is 1,849,377. between the main bridge and the balance cock you can see it 
is signed 877-s which is the caliber for this gruen guild movement. the band is 
leather at 16mm in width and compliments this gold filled 10k case gruen. once 
again this is the movement rolex used for many "prince watches" which sell in 
the 14,000 plus plus range or higher pending on the gold vs gold filled case and 
model. this is an  extraordinary gruen and iconic no doubts please!

4250.00.00 usd 














 




 




 


mickey mouse 1933 !!!  first run and series! 
original dial case and movement well serviced an incredible find !!!!!!

stock item #mickey480------


there was a mix-up in the shipping and when i alerted darryl to the mistake, he 
responded to me within minutes and corrected the mistake immediately. he was 
apologetic and very helpful. when the correct item was shipped and arrived, it 
was exactly as described and i’m very happy with my purchase. it’s great to be a 
a good and reliable seller over and over again- but the true indicator of 
someone you want to do business with is their customer service  is 
impeccable. 


meagan v  , yonkers nyc

p.s thank you for the kind words, i forgot i had two almost exactly the same! 
glad all is well

be well always

darryl ;-)









 


tavannes "tyrol" demi hunter gold filled trench watch 
and freshly serviced very very clean indeed  1919

stock item #tavannes40------i offer for sale a freshly serviced 
the proper way tavannes swiss made "tyrol" enamel dial wrist watch in a genuine 
"demi hunter" gold filled case. i have to mention that this is a super clean 
piece all over! from lug to lug this case is 41mm long and wide less the 
original crown it is 35mm. the case is signed "fortune, gold filled" and the 
case serial number is 1,297,472. the lid opens with ease to show the perfect 
enamel dial with the military arabic red number and encased with a gold filled 
rim and glass crystal. notice the "12" on the case is worn though you can still 
see a bit of enamel red. the hands are thick and original for this tyrol 
tavannes wrist watch. this is a 15 jewel tavannes movement and signed "tyrol". 
please notice all the 15 jewels are in solid gold jewel screw down settings and 
even the center wheel is solid 10 karat gold so you know this was an officers 
timepiece as the quality is high grade. made at the tavannes swiss watch factory 
in the year 1919 and for world war 1 for sure no doubts please. the band is 12mm 
across never worn and compliments this gem to no end. this is a stem wind  
and stem set 13.5 ligne swiss movement so a few winds and off goes the balance 
wheel to keeps great time ;-)

1250.00 usd 














 










 








iwc "international watch schaffhausen" 14 karat 
solid gold top steel signed back automatic and perfectly serviced  1954

stock item #iwc330------as good as it gets for the purest of 
heart as this piece has the original factory patina dial , case, iwc "fish" 
signed crown and original hands. i have tested the top case and it is 14 karat 
solid gold. the back is signed as the scan shows you and stainless steel with 
the serial number 1,331,620 which tells me this high grade timepiece was 
produced at the iwc swiss factory in the year 1954. from lug to lug this iwc 
case is 42mm long and wide less the original crown it is 35mm. the dial again is 
original never cleaned never altered just a beautiful feel of vintage! the 
movement is perfectly serviced the proper way and it is an iwc schaffhausen 
caliber 852 with 21 clean and inspected ruby jewels. a new mainspring has been 
added of coarse and a few winds or the shake of the watch four or five times and 
off it goes to keep excellent time. the band is 18mm in width never worn not a 
bend and padded. this automatic movement was well engineered and the winding 
system is amazing! as a certified watchmaker, it really was perfectly 
constructed. as good as it gets for vintage iwc schaffhausen ;-)

3450.00 usd 

















 














breitling 
"chronomat" 18k and stainless steel automatic a breitling selling box,  
well serviced all genuine!  
1998 

stock number #br550--------i offer for sale a fully serviced triple chronograph 
breitling "chronomat" time piece and it is encase in stainless steel with a solid 
18 karat gold bezel as well as the bracelet is stainless steel with 18 karat 
solid gold inner tracks. this piece does come with a breitling outer cardboard 
box and inner hard plastic breitling presentation box and card. the case is large at 45mm long and wide less the 
original breitling crown it is 42mm. the case back is a screw in and the case 
reference number is d-13048 / 119007, and as you can see clearly it is signed 
"breitling" on the inside and outside. the dial is 100% factory never touched as 
well as the hands. the crystal is mineral and not a flaw. the 18 karat solid gold 
bezel only rotates counter clockwise which is correct. this genuine breitling 
bracelet has a special add on as it does have the factory original 24 hour "side 
watch" that is quartz so you can keep track of any dual time zone you may be 
traveling in. there are 10 
links and the end piece is signed "chrono / duog". as you can also see the fold 
over clasp is well signed and original to this two tone bracelet. the movement 
is freshly serviced and it is a breitling signed 7750 (valjoux) with 17 clean 
and inspected jewels. this is an 
automatic movement and the date flips over perfectly as 12 pm. when you pull the 
crown out once the date will flip over with the turn of the crown. pull the crown 
out a bit further and the time will change with the turn of the crown. this piece 
is swiss made at the breitling factory in the 1998 era. the chronograph pushers 
operate flawlessly and the sweep hand fly's back to 12 perfectly. this is a 
heavy piece and really just a beautiful design with the dark blue dial and 2 
tone breitling case.
7000.00 usd  













 



  













welsbro 
triple button chronograph swiss made and well serviced (important engraving on 
back)  1942
stock number #welsbro50--------i have for sale a fully serviced welsbro 
movement from the swiss factory of landeron. please notice the inner sliding 
button in the crown as this is a rare triple pusher double register chronograph. 
the button above the crown when pushed will start the centre sweep hand. when 
the bottom pusher below the crown is pushed the center sweep hand will stop. 
when the button inside the crown is pushed the red center sweep hand will return 
to 12 pm swiftly. the case is chromium and with a stainless steel back and there 
is a personal engraving with a bit of providence to it. this swiss made case is 
from lug to lug 42mm long and wide less the crown it is 34mm.  i must say 
the dial is much better in real life as the photo will not do it justice.  
the case reference number is 30,394. this welsbro signed movement has 17 clean 
and inspected jewels and as it has been well serviced and well maintained all 
these years, it keeps great time and each and every piece has been inspected 
properly never any short cuts taken at all. this landeron made movement for the 
welsbro factory is from the year 1942. the band is leather at 18mm in width 
never worn not a bend ;-)
1675.00 usd  













  



louis waller 
    may 23, 1999 
    dr. louis c. waller, of dunmore, died sunday at his home, following an 
illness born in northampton, he was the son of the late aloysius and mary 
horvath waller. 
    he was a graduate of nanticoke high school; penn state university, where he 
earned a degree in electrical engineering; and duke university school of 
medicine. 
    he served with the u.s. navy during world war ii. 
    a physician since 1943, he was involved with heart pacemaker research and 
was the author of many medical journal articles. 
    he was an avid ham radio operator. 
    he was a member of the lackawanna, pennsylvania and american medical 
associations and st. mary of mt. carmel r.c. church, dunmore. 
    he was preceded in death by his wife, the former irene mekelyta. 
    surviving are his brother, william waller sr., lake spangenburg; and several 
nieces and nephews.


 










 


iwc "international watch"  iconic original 
sterling silver trench watch impeccably serviced all original 1914

stock item #iwc330------what an iconic timepiece this is. a 
genuine iwc trench watch with a coin edge screw off bezel. this is a sterling 
silver case with importation markings from great britain to switzerland and with 
the hallmark i can safely date this gem to 1914 world war 1. the case is a screw 
down bezel as mentioned and in excellent all over condition with no personal 
engravings. from wire lug to wire lug this case is 41mm long and wide less the 
gold crown it is 33mm. the dial is 100% original with a few lines though still 
has some luminous material as it has never been cleaned nor altered. i did 
relume the hands and they are clean and light up well in total darkness. this is 
a stem wind and a pin set, in other words you can see a small pin to the left of 
the gold crown, when you push down this pin and turn the crown the hands will 
change, let go of the pin and the hands are in place. this is a "peerless s&co" 
signed iwc movement and as the scan shows you under the dial it is written 
"iwc". the serial number for this movement is 588,277 which again is 1914 swiss 
made in house at the iwc factory. the width between the wire lugs would be 10mm. 
as this piece is serviced with the utmost of care you can expect a great time 
keeper. there are 15 clean and inspected jewels to this 10.5 ligne iwc manual 
wind movement.

2750.00 usd 













 










 







 


longines "henry birks & sons"  sterling silver 
swivel lug case enamel dial perfectly serviced super clean all over   
1902

stock item #longines290------as clean as can be is this genuine 
longines signed case, movement and enamel near perfect dial. i will add the case 
serial number is off by four digits to the serial number on the movement which 
is amazing in the collectors way of thinking. this is a signed sterling silver 
case and across less the crown it is 34mm. from end of swinging lug to end of 
swinging lug this case is 46mm so it is a nice size indeed. the case serial 
number is 3,354,814 and the movement serial number is 3,354,818 and as mentioned 
off by 4 digits. the dial is enamel and signed "henry birks & sons" as this is 
the canada wide dept store for fine silver and jewellery way back in the early 
1900's and still exists today. the hands are original and the crystal is glass 
not a flaw. there are no personal engravings on this mirror finish back of the 
case. the movement as you can see is in near pristine condition and there are 15 
clean and inspected jewels. the caliber for this 13 ligne size movement is 13.34 
and again serviced the proper way so expect a good reliable timekeeper. the band 
is nylon and never worn. longines in house produced and just a classic design 
from the year 1902.

900.00 usd 













  








 





accutron bulova "iconic" , "snorkel 666 feet" diver 
watch freshly servcied all orignal 1974

stock item #accutron70
sold ;-)













enicar sherpa automatic super dive rotating inner 
bezel full servcied 2 crown case large timepiece!  1966

stock number #enicar550--------firstly i always print the flaws up front. this 
is an original dial and repaired as all the markers we reapplied at 75% thus the 
price has been reduced.  the hands are relumed properly and the back has 
lines though not earth shattering at all. this is the original acrylic thick 
crystal. from lug to lug this enicar  tonneau signed case (tonneau is 
barrel in french) is 46mm long and wide it is 44mm less the replacement crowns. 
the case reference number is 126/002 and signed enicar on the compressor screw 
in back. the movement has been serviced the proper way with never a short cut 
taken. this is an enicar day and date piece and the caliber is 1147 with 24 
clean and inspected ruby jewels. when you pull out the top crown the inner black 
and orange bezel rotates in both directions, when you push the top crown it the 
bezel cannot turn. the bottom crown needless to say changes the time. the day 
and date wheels both snap over perfectly ar 12 pm. to change the "day" disc you 
go to 12 midnight and when it flips over to the next day you turn the hands 
backwards to 11:20 then go forward and when the time hits the 12 position the 
"day" wheel will snap over to the next day. as clean as can be keeps excellent 
time and produced at the enicar swiss factory in the year 1966. the  band 
is semi padded leather at 22mm in width never worn not a bend. this really is 
quite a striking timepiece and not so easy to find!
 

3000.00 usd 































international watch company (iwc) schaffhausen 18 karat 
solid gold and impeccably servcied 1947

stock number #iwc44330--------i offer for sale a fully serviced the proper watch 
iwc signed 18 karat solid gold case and without personal engravings. this 3 piece iwc case is 45mm long and wide less the crown it is 35mm. the back of 
this signed "iwc" case is a snap in with a mirror finish. the case reference number is 
1,332,951.  the dial is factory 100% original and very clean with a bit of 
patina to it. the hands are original and the crystal needless to say has been 
changed and fit properly. the movement is a iwc in house factory caliber 88 with 
17 clean and inspected ruby jewels. the serial number for this well maintained 
and serviced manual wind movement is 1,138,292 which tells me it is from the era 
1947. as clean as can be and keeps great time for sure. the band is 18mm in 
width new never worn. a classic design and truly an elegant timepiece.
 

3250.00 usd 

























seaman swiss 
made large divers automatic diver's watch quick set day and date well servcied  
1971
stock number # seaman100------this is a huge piece as from lug to lug this 
case is a whopping 47mm and across less the crown it is 42mm. the crystal is 
original and polished to perfection.  the back of the case is stainless and 
it is a screw in with no personal engravings.  the dial is more than 
excellent and original from the swiss factory never touched nor altered. the 
hands as well are excellent and original. the bezel is bi-directional and as it 
has been cleaned and greased properly so the rotating action is perfect. the 
movement is automatic as you can see by the oscillating rotor and with 25 clean 
and inspected jewels caliber 2066 . this is a double roller inca-bloc balance 
wheel system and as it has been properly serviced and keeps great time indeed. 
this piece was produced in the year 1971 and looks amazing for its vintage age. 
the bracelet is an add on and it is a two tone steel piece with middle gold 
links. if your looking a a bit on the big side serviced diver's watch well this 
is the piece for you and comes with a 2 year warranty like all timepieces.
725.00 usd 














    



 







 

 


darryl is the serious watch 
collector's friend - the dealer you dream of. his inventory is always rich and 
inviting and best of all, he's incredibly helpful. he just nailed a rotor post 
for a rolex bubble back for me - i'd looked everywhere in the uk, france and 
germany. but it was darryl who came up with the goods.
i think darryl's secret is, unlike most dealers (who like money) darryl 
	really likes watches and those of us in thrall to collecting.


 

john bacxx

london (england, to avoid confusion)
 

thanks john for the kind words,
after 29 years as a cert watchmaker it's still a labour 
of love for me. enjoy life
cheers mate
darryl ;-)




 





universal geneve bumper automatic genuine 
original "coca cola" dial never touched well servcied 1952

stock number # universal75------just freshly serviced and oiled properly with  
mobious synthetic oils! this is a gold filled universal geneve bumper automatic 
time piece and as clean as can be with the original "coca cola" dial never 
touched never altered factory original! from lug to lug this universal geneve 
case is 41mm long and wide less the crown it is 35mm. the case is a screw in 
back and no personal engravings as it is with a mirror finish. the case serial 
number is 9,961,173 signed "star watch case company". the movement is once again 
serviced the proper way and it is a universal geneve in house caliber 139 and as 
mentioned it is a bumper automatic movement. there are 17 clean and inspected 
jewels to this gem and for sure keeps great time. produced at the universal 
geneve swiss factory in the year 1952.

750.00 usd    














  










 

 


heuer 
"temorada" fiberglass  water proof case  in awesome all over condition 
and servcied properly 1976

stock number #heuer15--------i have for sale a pretty much never worn genuine 
100% original heuer "temporada" 2 register chronograph and again in excellent 
all over condition. this heuer signed case is moulded fibreglass with an 
aluminium bezel and the bezel is 90% excellent condition. on the outside of back this case it is written "shock 
resistant, swiss made, antimagnetic, water resistant". the case reference number 
is 733809. and as the scan shows you on the inside of the back of this case it 
is written "heuer swiss". from lug to lug this case is 42mm. the dial is factory 
original as well as the hands and acrylic crystal, never touched nor altered. 
the movement is pristine and it is a signed heuer 17 jewel piece made by the 
valjoux swiss factory. all 17 jewels have been properly inspected and oiled. the 
caliber for this double register chronograpgh is 7733. as i have just serviced 
this piece a few days ago it keeps great time and all functions are proper. the 
orange sweep hand fly's perfectly back to 12 pm. produced at the heuer factory 
in the year 1976. the nylon two tone band really compliments the dial and case.

2700.00 usd 
















 
   



 



darryl, this is a moment of glory for you! i must thank you for your 
ultra-honest opinion. without it i would still have been completely deluded 
regarding the value of the iwc. and dealing with central xxx made me realise how 
reasonable your prices are.

many thanks
john b
(sydney, australia)
 








 






r.c.a.f!!!!   
rodania ultra rare 1 button canadian military chronograph well servcied original 
dial and hands  1959

stock number #rodania40--------i have for sale a freshly serviced rodania 
r.c.a.f canadian air force time piece and aprox 1959 is the age for this well 
serviced piece. this is a 2 piece case with a screw in r.c.a.f signed rodania 
back. there is etching and abrasive rubbing on the back of this case in the 
middle and must be mentioned. the case reference number is 4449-h and signed 
rodania on the inside of the back of this case. from lug to to lug this rodania 
r.c.a.f case is 45mm long and wide less the crown it is 38mm. this is a 100% 
factory unmolested dial and the hands still have the original luminous material 
untouched. the crystal needless to say is changed and and if you will excuse the 
pun  it is "crystal clear!".  the movement is signed rodania on the 
center wheel bridge and there are 17 clean and inspected jewels to this venus 
caliber 175 movement. all parts were inspected then in to our cleaning system 
then inspected again. mobious oils and lubricants used and reassembled to what 
is now an excellent time keeper indeed. the year of production for this rodania 
canadian r.c.a.f 1 button chronograpgh is 1957. the band is rubber with a 
working compass which i personally thought is a neat idea. a rare piece with 
military history and all chronograph functions are in perfect order!

5500.00 usd 


















 





we understand 
"old school"  customer service!!!
we are a full 
service center for all vintage pocket and wrist watches 2 year warranty included 
(unless dropped) we sell vintage parts to the public







  
pic1



 
pic 2 





amazing microscopic views of a pallat fork horn (pic 
1)  , pallat for end of pivot pic 2 and pic 3 is a pallat staff shaft. 
 
really neat work by a dear friend of mine that does this 
for a living and very successful at that. many thanks chad for letting me share 
this with my friends and clients.


 pic 2 

 
pic 3       






chad hiebert

director - semx incorporated

403 966-6781


www.semx.ca

suite 113, 1919 27 avenue ne

calgary, ab, t2e 7e4















breitling "navitimer" original dial case and movement well 
servcied indeed! spectacular piece! 1964
dear darryl

thanks so much for the navitimer. as always, thanks to your craftsmanship and 
expertise, the watch arrives and exceeds expectations once it’s on the wrist!! a 
valuable addition to my collection of iconic aviation timepieces. this is truly 
one for the ages. 

dr. b

sent from my iphone
 










 
patek philippe 18 karat convert wrist watch and well 
serviced and genuine  1970

stock number #patek--------sold ;-)
 

 







a collector's dreamone of my friends here in st catharines ontario canada 
bought this little gold longines with the box, original sale receipt warranty 
original match serial number card and booklet.
dates to 1942 and original sold for 62.50 today the value is well over 750 
usd...remarkable isn't it.
as the banks give us next to zero it's nice to see little gems like this hold 
their value and more!










world 
hallmarks by william b. whetstone and associates 2nd edition ultra important for 
the collector a must!!!!!!!
stock number #book------as a general rule i never give out free advertising 
on my pages unless it pertains information second to none for the collector or 
pertaining to horological items and this book fits the bill in all ways you 
could possible imagine. this is a hard cover book with 380 pages packed with 
important information with most world hallmarks from the 1700's to present date, 
many many countries are involved and it took five years to complete. i have know 
bill whetstone since gxd only knows when lol ! from beginning to end it was 
his passion and here it is. if you have a hallmark it is in this book and can 
guide you to proper information that you will not find anywhere else. the price 
is 250.00 usd and well worth it as far as i am concerned and as you see i bought 
one from bill and i can now trace rare late 1700's and 1800's pocket watches by, the case hallmarks on the inside of the case, 
i.e., town marks, port of entry 
marks, sterling, gold, assay's office stamps, year of production stamps, it's 
all here in this book and it is once again a must.
please contact me for bill's info on how to purchase 
this very important book, and if you tell 
bill you saw it on my pages he will personally sign it for you!


















continue to page 2

   page 3

   page 4

   page 5






























 




other darlor watch
pages: 
             
anthony d lesser c.w.

                                                       




pocket 
watches     
wrist 
watches $75.00-175.00

small clocks
<-------carriage clocks here and many!!!
wrist 
watches $200.00-275.00     
wrist 
watches $300.00-375.00

wrist 
wour 
rolex watches atches $400.00-575.00     
    
our 
omega watches

vintage 
watches for the ladies!     
men's gold wrist watches     
darlor 
jewelry - new & vintage



  

we are a full 
service center for all vintage pocket and wrist watches 2 year warranty included 
(unless dropped)




about

darlor:    
(don't be afraid of all the jumble below)




we will not, i repeat not, accept ups parcel service 

we repair 1700, 1800, 1900's pocket or wrist watches.

we stock parts for vintage watches, swiss and american wrist watches, pocket 
watches, and chronographs!

 we are suppliers of vintage timepieces to film and television stars and to  major studio's across the usa and canada.

we specialize in omega  and rolex wrist watches.

we buy, sell, and trade old watches as well. our price 
structure is "very reasonable !

we will gladly give you free consultation or advice on your 
time pieces. refer to us if you are not sure of a purchase from some other 
company.

all questions will be returned promptly with proper information we give out 
all the info you need but no pricing.

all photos are property of darlor-watch no exceptions, you must ask for 
permission to use our descriptions and photos.

we offer a full 2 year warranty, from date of purchase, for any of our 
timepieces, unless otherwise specified. this warranty covers the proper 
mechanical operation and functions of the advertised watch, as well as 
reasonable time keeping (please do not expect a vintage timepiece 
to be as accurate as modern ones!) the warranty does not cover crystals, 
bracelets, straps, or stems (such as balance wheel ,stems that 
only break if the timepiece is dropped). nor any misuse or abuse of the 
watch.  we reserve the right to repair any watch delivered less than 
perfect or with minor problems free of charge to the client and shipping 
refunded to the sender. the determination of misuse is at the sole discretion of darlor-watch and 
includes the dropping the watch,  more than usual wear and tear, and/or 
immersion of a watch into damaging substances (except within  
water depths certified for certain watches by darlor-watch)

  purchase details





before ordering please be sure 
to verify the dimensions of the watch you are ordering to avoid being 
disappointed with the size of the item.


we accept payment by  paypal, 
most credit cards,  bank wire transfers,


all credit card payments are processed using paypal online secure 
  services, an e-bay auctions owned payment division, with over 20 million users, a safe payment method between verified members with no 
  buyer service fees, membership is free, sign up today!
   



an additional four day shipping and insurance 
charge, of  $29.50 usd 
dollars, is applied to all orders unless otherwise specified. over-night 
courier is available, inquire for area specific pricing.

for any watch that has been found to be opened or tampered with, other 
than by a certified watchmaker pre-approved by darlor watch, our mechanical 
warranty becomes null and void and the watch is not returnable nor will any 
refund be issued. removing parts from a watch intended for return constitutes as 
theft.

we offer a 14 day return policy from date of delivery,  all we ask is 
to be notified, and return instructions followed. all returns are fully 
refunded, with pleasure, on condition of inspection and approval from our 
watchmaker, we reserve the right to refuse returns after 14 days, or if a client 
fails to notify us first.


a client wishing to return an item must contact us first, no parcel will be 
accepted without us first being contacted. return shipping instructions from us are critical to your refund, please contact us or customs and duty will be put on the parcel 
and we will refuse delivery of the item (unless it is 10.00 or less),
no exceptions at all to the return instructions.

we do not use, or accept u.p.s. parcel service.


we are not responsible for lost or damaged goods as a result of shipping, carrier, or customs inspection error



 back to the top
    


we are a full 
service center for all vintage pocket and wrist watches 2 year warranty included 
(unless dropped)
1000's other wrist watches for sale, just inquire !
contact us:
darlor watch restorations
vintage watch sales & repairs.
341 creek rd   p.o box 35 st david's,  ontario  l0s-1p0   canada....--------> 
this is not our store 
address this is our 
post box address
for security reasons 
we do not give out or store address.
tel.: (289)-868-9699
e-mail   
info@darlor-watch.com



we are members of  the nawcc (national association of watch and clock collectors) 
# 0136135 & 0136136,  ont-nawcc and toronto chapters, the societe d'horlogerie 
de quebec,  the a.w.i. usa (american watchmakers institute), as well as the 
bbb (better business bureau)  montreal chapter.


     


 back to the top


want to find a great watch site? check these out below!!!!!



below are links to web sites that 
i have dealt with, and in my opinion are 110% trustworthy and honest. as you can 
see, this is a small list, but a hand picked group of worry free sites...


  
york time  
rod cleaver ( toronto canada) owner, very knowledgeable in dealing with vintage  
rolex. a dear  friend amazing items amazing watches 
check it out.


the coin collector   
meet nick , expert at world, canadian, coins as well as tokens , paper money, 
roman era. personal friend and will treat you fairly. nick has been selling and 
buy coins and paper monies for over 30 years, he has the experience for sure ;-)


  
girard's vintage watches   sells vintage time pieces, 
and runs the world wide traders watch and collectables shows.


  
farfo's vintage watches   another 
honest dealer with a great selection of vintage watches.

see the link below......it does happen...be prepared!!!!!!!!



https://www.stcatharinesstandard.ca/news-story/9812927-hockey-players-quick-actions-save-man-s-life/

 

 back to the top














