





























die cast x - diecast model cars | diecast magazine | diecast collectible car news























































































 


 












subscribe button subscribe






 exclusive contentlogin

 



scales

1:12
1:18
1:24
1:43
1:50
1:64
other

slots

1:24
1:32
1:43
1:64






departments

online exclusives
from the magazine
reader’s collection

latest reader’s collection
submit reader’s collection


custom garage

latest custom garage
submit custom garage




customer service

report an issue
digital +  print
digital +  print
digital edition
gift subscription
digital edition login
renew
customer service portal
faqs
help – contact us
back issues
free newsletter


the latest from
the latest from

//rotordronemag.com/wp-content/themes/frontier-child/images/dcxgrey.png



 

























				jada hyper-spec advan 997 porsche 911 turbo : winter 2024			






				modern & classic - bburago bugatti bolide - winter 2023			






				kyosho lexus lx570: lavishly detailed luxury land cruiser			






				hot wheels flashback: 1973 – super rare, superfine turbine!			






				gt spirit  porsche 911 (964) speedster turbo-look - one of zuffenhausen’s rarest was by request only			






				the ’55 chevy gasser is not slowing down			






				replicarz jackie stewart 1966 indianapolis 500 lola t90			















ultimate responsive image slider plugin powered by weblizar
 latest



 


win big with maisto & bburago!
enter now to win exclusive maisto & bburago diecast models! 




 


kyosho  lexus lx570: lavishly detailed luxury land cruiser
you have to squint pretty hard to see the toyota fj roots beneath the slick exterior of the modern-day lexus lx series suv. the earliest fjs were two-door utilitarian off-roaders—quite literally japanese knock-offs of the original jeep cj—and by the 1960s toyota’s signature 4×4 had developed quite a following both for its reliability and for […] 
 




 


hot wheels flashback: 1973 – super rare, superfine turbine!
the year 1973 was pivotal for mattel and the hot wheels brand. sales were slowing and production costs were climbing; mattel had to figure out how to keep the hot wheels line profitable. first, they changed the paint from the shiny candy-type spectraflame to drab, unflattering enamel colors. changing to enamel saved processing steps which, […] 




 


gt spirit  porsche 911 (964) speedster turbo
the name “speedster” is so widely renowned and universally beloved among porschephiles that it is easy to forget that it’s only actually appeared on half a dozen vehicles in the company’s history. the first official speedster arrived in 1954 as a variant of the 356 cabriolet. its interior was stripped of any superfluous luxury items […] 




 


ram trx – looking to take a bite out of ford’s raptor
so ram (it’s still a dodge to us!) is seeking to gobble up ford’s raptor with this 700hp hellcat-powered truck. here’s the official reveal video: how do you think it measures up? no announcements of a diecast version yet, but we know of a couple companies with licensing agreements with fca that are likely candidates. […] 




 


the next z-car
in our upcoming issue we have a giant feature on the 50th anniversary of the z-car. it just so happens that last night nissan did a live unveiling on youtube of its concept for the upcoming 7th-generation z (probably to be called the 400z). to our eye this concept nicely adapts stylistic elements of the […] 




 


bengals draft pick tee higgins shares his passion for hot wheels
tee higgins has been a member of the cincinnati bengals for less than a week. drafted in the second round of the 2020 draft the wide receiver hasn’t played a single down in the nfl yet, but he’s already a winner. before he had been drafted — and long before he can expect to receive […] 




 


head-to-head challenge – round 2 match-up #1
hey, have you been playing our die cast x head-to-head challenge over on facebook? the idea is simple: we match up pairs of models from a specific theme and you guys vote for the winner of each match-up. we work our way through tournament-style until we come up with a single winner. the current category […] 




 


hot wheels 2019 master set – hot wheels tv
with so many collectors spending time at home right now its a great opportunity to check out some of the interesting diecast content available on youtube. our resident hot wheels expert and historian mike zarnock has a youtube channel called hot wheels tv which is full of great insights on the most famous name in […] 




 


kyosho 1:64 lamborghini miura p400 and countach lp500s
little lambos, big detail 1:64 | $20ea (est) kyosho is all-in on the lamborghini brand. it serves up numerous models from past and present in a variety of scales—including precision 1:64. it’s been more than 50 years since the flowing bertone-designed lines of the miura stunned the automotive world and its mid-engine v-12 layout shocked […] 


1
2
3
…
96
next » 



featured video 










































































 



 




don’t miss

ram trx – looking to take a bite out of ford’s raptor
introducing the dcx car movie club!
porsche past and present: the legacy of the 718
neo 1949 cadillac series 62 club coupe
from the “never be diecast” files…
profile form profile data







profile form







interest level (check one)
        *

  
 browsing
 
 interested
 
 collector



die cast type (check any)
        *

  
 all muscle cars
 
 50s american classics
 
 sport
 
 vintage and pre-war
 
 hot rods and customs
 
 modern performance and exotics
 
 luxury cars
 
 trucks and suvs



die cast type (con't) (check any)
        *

  
 drag racing
 
 nascar stock cars
 
 open-wheel racers (formula 1/indycar)
 
 le mans and road racing
 
 show cars and concepts
 
 movie and television star cars
 
 industrial and construction vehicles
 
 police, fire and emergency service vehicles
 
 military vehicles
 
 aircraft



die cast size (check any)
        *

  
 all
 
 1/64
 
 1/50
 
 1/43
 
 1/32
 
 1/24
 
 1/18
 
 1/12
 
 1/8



your email (confidential)
        *




first name
        *




last name
        *







  
 i would like to subscribe to the die cast newsletter






					if you are human, leave this field blank.				



submit



δ






 show ad




 

 show offer









subscribedigital + print edition
digital + print edition
digital edition
gift subscription
renew
customer service portal
careerslooking for contributors
career opportunities
advertise with usmedia kit
follow us





 



about
newsletter sign up
help – contact us
media kit
privacy policy
terms of use
licensing and permission
 
air age media © 






 
 


                    dcx membership login                

 





use the account number and zip code found on your mailing label or renewal form.





click here to login with email address







remember me


not a member? click here




 login








email or account number


click here to login with print subscription account number


password or zip code


show



remember me


not a member? click here






                            login                        










forgot your password?

 
 

lost your password? please enter your email address. you will receive mail with link to set new password.

email or username










                        reset password                    




back to login
 
close
 
 wordpress lightbox plugin



scales

1:12 1:18 1:24 1:43 1:50 1:64 other

slots 

departments

online exclusives from the magazine reader’s collection

latest reader’s collection submit reader’s collection 
 custom garage

latest custom garage submit custom garage 

customer service

report an issue digital +  print digital +  print digital edition gift subscription digital edition login renew customer service portal faqs help – contact us back issues free newsletter
the latest fromthe latest from

//rotordronemag.com/wp-content/themes/frontier-child/images/dcxgrey.png





aboutnewsletter sign uphelp – contact usmedia kitprivacy policyterms of uselicensing and permission



































 

