

what a character! -- home page







 
welcome to the web site!
inside, you will find one of our largest-ever
inventories, currently consisting of   10,685 
toys and other memorabilia
from some of your favorite television programs, comic strips, and cartoons of all
time.  what
a character! 
specializes in figural items (things that look great sitting on a
shelf) from the 1940s through the 1980s.  we get older items in stock whenever
possible; we have some newer items in stock from time to time; and we definitely have
things other than figural items in stock at all times.  feel free to browse through
our merchandise--you just may find something that you can't live without!!
what
a character! 
has been in
business since 1997, and does an extensive amount of  mail order business,
and we will ship our merchandise anywhere in the world.  
we're happy to do business with new customers and, of course, we welcome the continued
interest of our many previous customers and collector friends.
 
 
find and follow us on
twitter!!!    

in 2015, 
what
a character! 
 officially joined twitter.  you
can find us there at @what_a_charact. 
check out our twitter page and "follow us" there for updates
on our monthly specials, fun new items added to our inventory, information about
upcoming collectibles/toy shows and auctions, "this day in cartoon
history," and more.  if you are aware
of any upcoming events that our collector-customers might want to know about,
please feel free to share this information with us and we, in turn, will share
it with our twitter followers.
 
 
something fun and groovy for
you to enjoy!!       

we've added a new page
to our website, which you can find at the end of our "g" merchandise
listings.  the new page is for groovy
items--oddball pieces from the 1960s and 1970s that don't fit our usual
character-related themes, but which we have picked up along the way (oftentimes
in box lot purchases).  most of them are silly, fun, and oh-so-typical of
the funky, groovy times of the 1960s and 1970s.  if you have some time,
check out the new page.  you just might find something that'll make you
smile and bring you for a walk down memory lane!
 
 
new items in
stock
we get an average of 40-50 new items in stock
each week.  there's almost always something new (or should we say, something old?) in
our inventory.  so you might want to bookmark this page, and check back with us from
time to time.  items that have been acquired recently (generally within the past 30
days or so) are marked with the following insignia:

this marking will appear before the listings
of new items, immediately below the double red  lines that separate our entries.
 
 
we may buy items
from you
we're always
looking for new items for our business, too.  if you have comic, character, or
cartoon-related items that you wish to sell, feel free to contact us to discuss the
possibility of having us buy them from you.  regardless of whether you're looking to
get rid of a single item or an entire collection of goodies, we might be interested in
acquiring your things.  contact hugh@whatacharacter.com with
information about any item(s) that you are considering selling.  
please
note:  in order to purchase items from you, we need to: 
(1) be able to see clear, representative pictures of the item(s) so that we know
exactly what we might be buying, (2) have accurate information about the
specific condition of the item(s) you want to sell, and (3) know how much you
want for the item(s) in question.  if you do not
provide all three of these to us, we cannot make an acquisition; and time
constraints prevent us from replying such inquiries unless all three are
provided. 
if you do not have the ability to get
scanned pictures to us for step #1, we have made arrangements with a few people
to send us the item(s) "on spec" before we make a final commitment to
purchase.  that allows us to inspect the item(s) and make an informed
purchasing decision.  
 
 
special note
please remember
to include the zip code where your package will be sent along with your initial
inquiry about items that interest you, so that we can quote you an appropriate
shipping charge!!  doing so enables us to provide you with the most accurate shipping cost
information we can, as quickly as possible!
 
         

         
         

         

 
this page was last updated on 10/30/16.
you are visitor number  
and we're glad you're here!


