





























golen engines | high-performance engine builders
































































 

 

























jeep enginesjeep 4.6 stroker enginejeep testimonialsjeep build galleryjeep technical instructionsjeep customer photoschevy engineslsx crate enginesabout our lsx engineslsx short blockslsx complete enginesls cnc cylinder headslt1/lt4 engines 2014-up direct injectionlt1 performance engines 1993-1997race enginesabout our race enginesroad race enginesdrag race enginesformula drift race enginescircle track race enginesoff road race enginesservicesdyno tuning servicemachine shop serviceaboutblogabout us360° shop tourshippingwarrantyprivacy policy1-800-591-9171
contact0 items - $0






























ls cnc cylinder heads
the golen ls cnc cylinder heads are a high-performance cylinder head option for ls engines. these cylinder heads are 5-axis cnc ported and come in 4 and 6-bolt versions. they are great for na applications as well as boosted applications. 
learn more contact us











jeep 4.6 stroker crate engines
built to be a direct bolt-in replacement for factory 4.2 or jeep 4.0 engines from any year
learn more contact us











ls short blocks
good for up to 550hp
great start for your street performance build
balanced and blueprinted
learn more contact us










lsx complete engines
anyone seeking a chevy ls complete engine for sale almost certainly wants more power. our turnkey lsx engines and others will not disappoint. from the 550hp of an ls2 to the 800hp made by a 502ci rhs, these engines deliver outputs to match the beautiful sound they make. (needless to say, when blown, you'll get much, much more).
learn more contact us








previous



next









golen engine








custom high-performance motors







whether you are running on the street, racing at the track or making new trails, we have you covered!






here at golen engine, we offer a full line of high-performance lsx engine builds using all american-made components from trusted brands such as gm, callies, mahle and comp cams — just to name a few. we also offer custom-made pistons from both wiseco and je, and custom ground street and race cams from bullet racing and competition cams. when you’re looking for high-performance engine builders that can deliver the power you want, look no further than us.
 	
as your custom engine builders, we have a complete state-of-the-art machine shop on-site featuring equipment such as the new sunnen sv-15 cylinder hone. this enables us to produce the straightest and roundest cylinders to ensure a perfect ring seal. all engine balancing is done in-house on our hines dynamic balancer for super-smooth engine operation. our capabilities as racing engine builders also include cleaning as well as block and crank operations. the combination of our equipment and the expertise of our people make us the go-to performance engine shop as well as the top engine rebuild shop in the area.  
 		
				we also provide you with full dyno break-in and tuning services at our performance tuning shop. we accomplish this with our two in-house super flow engine dynamometers that allow us to break the engine in and properly seat the piston rings as well as tune all modern-day aftermarket efi systems for both street and race use. our dynos can handle up to 1,500 hp, so big boost is always welcome. we are fully equipped for external dry sump oiling systems, as well. simply put, there’s no one else in the business who knows as much about building and tuning custom high-performance engines than us, and we’re ready to show you why that’s the case.
 






questions? give us a call at 1-800-591-9171 or contact us and we’ll get in touch with you right away.






choosing the best performance engine for your car or truck












ls1 crate engines
we offer a full line for high performance ls1 engines from short block to complete turnkey. we can customize the power level as well as the look and offer the components needed to make them fit your ride. send an email or give us a call to get a quote today.









ls1 race engines
golen’s ls1 race engines are suitable for road racing, drag racing, circle tracks, and even off-roading. each is custom built, and with a range of 500hp to 1500hp, your race engine needs will most definitely be met – and then some!









lsx custom engines
from street to race we offer full custom lsx engine builds up to 1500hp. we offer full in house dyno tuning to ensure your engine is broken in and ready to run once you get it!!!













addressgolen engine service17 dracut rdhudson, nh 03051 


contactsphone: 1-800-591-9171 ext 2.local: 1-603-886-3800


follow usyoutubex (twitter)instagramfacebooktiktok






copyright © 2021 golen engine. golen engine: high performance engines - 17 dracut rd - hudson, nh 03051 local: 603-886-3800


























