





welcome to the eagle scout resource center at eaglescout.org!






  


welcome to eaglescout.org, the site dedicated to helping scouts become eagle
  scouts!

 

we've collected a lot of resources to assist you in achieving eagle
  scout rank and planning the celebration to follow - everything from eagle
  planning guides to extensive court of honor materials. whether you are a boy
  scout looking for practical resources for yourself, a parent who is supporting 
your very own eagle scout candidate, or a scouter helping one
  boy or assisting hundreds, you'll find tools that will empower you and help
  you do your best!


 

we've also collected a bit of history of eagle rank requirements as taken 
from old handbooks of the boy scouts of america and other materials of interest 
to scouts and scouters.





if you are a life scout, or just about to become one, this information is
  for you! within is the collected wisdom of many an eagle scout who has taken
  the path before you. we are not here to do your thinking for you, but rather
  to help you have the best possible experience while achieving the rank of
  eagle scout.
 
please note! the current application form (#512-728) is dated 2010 on the bottom of the back side, 
and it states "please use the most current application found at www.scouting.org/scoutsource/media/forms.aspx".
planning for success -- getting started and
keeping on track is key to your success. 

requirement 1 -- be active in your troop,
team, crew, or ship for a period of at six months after you have achieved the
rank of life scout. 

requirement 2 -- demonstrate that you live
by the principles of the scout oath and law in your daily life. list the names
of individuals who know you personally and would be willing to provide a
recommendation on your behalf. 

requirement 3 -- earn a total of 21 merit
badges (required badges are listed on the application). list the month, day, and
year the merit badge was earned. 

requirement 4 -- while a life scout, serve
actively for a period of six months in a position of responsibility. 

requirement 5 -- plan, develop, and give
leadership to others in a service project. wow! we have collected lots of
information to help you get this daunting task accomplished. everything from
selecting a project to documenting it. 

requirement 6 -- statement of ambitions and
life purpose; hold scoutmasters conference. 
  

planning guide -- a great compilation of
information from joe sinniger (included with his permission).  


 








once you have all six requirements done, look here for your next steps.


paperwork, paperwork, paperwork -- compiling
your information, filling out your application, and submitting your
material. 
preparing for your board of review -- we know
that an eagle scout is an eagle scout, no matter where they earned their rank.
however, each council, district, and/or scout unit might have differences in
expectations and implementation of bsa national policy. here is what we use - it
should help you prepare! 

planning a world-class court of honor -- a
complete eagle court of honor book in electronic form! tips to
help you get started and be successful, and lots of resources including ceremony
templates, poems, charges, pledges, prayers, complete scripts, and more!
nesa - our alumni 
association -- find out more about membership in nesa.  memberships to 
nesa make great gifts to new eagle scouts.

 

 








the eagle badge -- where did it come 
from?


the first eagle scout -- arthur rose 
eldred

historical eagle scout requirements gleaned 
from the pages of old handbooks
 
hey, have some input? -- we've 
collected quite a bit of information here at eaglescout.org, but we're always 
looking for more.  if you have information about the history of the eagle 
rank, ceremony suggestions, or other tips, please send them our way and we'll 
post them for everyone to share. 

 


 





these resources are designed to help scouters provide a better eagle scout
  advancement program for their boys. please feel free to use all the
  information as if it were your own as long as you respect copyrights,
  distribute credits for the work along with it, and never sell materials
  without prior written permission from the author. preferably customize these
  material to meet your particular circumstances! 
resources available to download -- files to
help you collected from several sources. 
planning guide -- a link
to a nice document by joe sinniger. the guide is also on this
site under the heading of "the path", placed
with the author's permission. 
eagle project service
project planning guide -- link to an excellent work by randy smith. the
material is also on this site under the
heading of "the path/requirement 5",
placed with the author's permission. 
  

 


 






these resources are designed to help parents and friends help scouts along the 
eagle trail.  do you have suggestions for this area?  if so, please 
e-mail the webmaster at the address at the bottom of this page.
ideas for motivating eagle candidates -- 
aren't the reasons for completing the eagle award obvious?  not until you 
are almost 18 years old, it seems.  how can parents and friends motivate 
scouts to get the job done?  (please e-mail the webmaster with your 
suggestions and success stories.)

 






a list of links to other good scouting resources.
  certainly not exhaustive - let me know if there's a great site that should be
  listed here for the benefit of all. also, let me know if you find some quality
  eagle scout material somewhere that should be included on this site.
  
 

 







january 2011


updated the current issue date of the eagle award application 
		(#512-728) to 2010, and updated lists of positions of responsibility
various updates to commendation letter addresses
updated the eagle scout leadership 
		service project planning guide to the current version




april 2009


updated the current issue date of the eagle award application 
		(#512-728) to 2009
various updates to commendation letter addresses




september 2008


the knights of pythias offer a certificate and patch to recognize 
		new eagle scouts.  the form is available
		here.




january 2008


updated the current issue date of the eagle award application 
		(#58-728) to 2008.
added some comments clarifying some recent questions about
		references.




february 2007


corrected the spelling of rockville centre, the home town of 
		the first eagle scout, thanks to 
		the keen eyes of donna dotzler, a den leader who lives there.




september 2006


added some examples of 
		commendation letters received.
updated the article on
		the first eagle scout with some 
		new pictures




august 2006


removed the forms for submitting commendation letter address 
		corrections and motivational ideas.  these were generating 
		unbelievable amounts of robot spam.  please e-mail corrections and 
		ideas to the e-mail address at the bottom of the page.




april 2006


an all-new section of parent resources:  what can parents and 
		other do to motivate scouts to complete 
		the eagle scout award?  (thanks to susan reeve for the idea)




march 2006


thanks to some new research by gary twite, updated the article on
		the first eagle scout
added a new contributed poem by wes fish called "the 
		eagle scout"
added a new complete court of honor
		script




february 2006


added a suggestion to our most frequently asked question: "should 
		i bring a gift?"




january 2006


thanks to many contributors for updates to the
		commendation 
		letter addresses
updated links to nesa's new web site 
		and fixed some links that had changed




march 2005


thanks to gary twite for an outstanding piece of research on
		the first eagle scout
gary has also contributed additional 
		historical eagle scout requirements from "handbook for boys" from 
		1914 through 1940
a new eagle court of honor script 
		from troop 533




february 2005


revised some addresses for 
		commendation letters, based on feedback 
		from parents and scouts - thanks!
added a new poem "recipe 
		for an eagle scout", contributed by mike gallo




october 2004


various revisions made to the address list for
		commendation 
		letters
added requirements from 1978 and
		1999
added two new scripts (1,
		2) to the court of honor 
		resources
added a new poem "on 
		eagle's wings", contributed by eve engelbrite
added a new poem "the 
		river of scouting", contributed by jay kempinger
added information answering our most frequently asked question: "should 
		i bring a gift?"
added information on the application 
		page explaining the pid number on the 2004 and later versions of the application
added a statement of policy about 
		contributed copyrighted materials




april 2004


added the "what's new" section to the home page
added  contributed poems entitled
        "my mother 
        made me an eagle scout" and 
        "give me a scout..."
various revisions to the address list for
        commendation 
        letters
additional eagle requirements history from the
        1965 boy scout handbook
added an address addition and 
        correction form for commendation letters






 


 







who we are...what we do.





  
  
    


    please direct all inquiries & submissions to webmaster at eaglescout.org
   
this website is not officially endorsed by the
  boy scouts of america
last modified 1/30/2011 test
















