


award certificates and bingo cards for students and children























certificates
bingo cards
brag tags
subscribe
login







							create a card from scratch
							icon 1
start from scratch




							start with pre-made word lists
							icon 2
pre-made word lists



 








home
pricing
faqs
my past prints
my account










award certificates

celebrate with custom-printed kids' awards

kids award maker



bingo cards

teach with printable bingo cards using text + images

bingo card maker



brag tags

manage classroom behavior with wearable "mini-awards"

brag tag maker












all-purpose awards


academic awards


scouting certificates


sports certificates

























why choose kidscerts?



3 mins fast awards + bingo cards
create beautiful printed certificates in less than 3 minutes! nothing to download or setup, plus free bingo cards!



easy to use
no software to learn, no frustration. just start filling in your certificate online with dozens of designs & fonts!



100% personalizable online
these aren't just blank certificates for you to fill in by hand after you print. here you can mix-and-match any frame, font and background graphic combination.  type in all your text and style it with any font or color. make your awards perfect by adding your own logo, mascot or any other graphic.



risk free trial & subscription!
try our online certificate maker and create awards 100% for free. no email address or sign up required. just point, type and print. full access subscriptions are affordable and come with a 30 day 100% money back guarantee -- afterwards you can cancel at any time.





who else subscribes to kidscerts?






















































































































































what our subscribers say




"i discovered your site recently and have already used it extensively. i love the variety and the fact that i can modify the certificates for my student to say exactly what i want. also i would like to thank you for making your service so affordable. we teachers do have to live under a very tight budget, and your site saves me money every time i use it.keep up the great work!" 


terry r, teacher





"these are wonderful! it really makes my children glow when i give them an award for being a good student or keeping their room clean. thanks for such a wonderful service!" 


janice c, homeschooling mom



















make the smart choice today!
 
subscribe now



any subscriber who is not completely satisfied for any reason can cancel at any time and get a 100% refund. just use the contact form to reqest a refund. your entire purchase price will be promptly returned to you with no questions asked. how's that for no risk!?










home |
subscribe now! |
members entrance |
print bingo cards |
pricing |
faq |
privacy & terms of service |
dmca notice |
contact us






copyright © 2025 kidscerts.com all rights reserved




















