

central vermont chamber music festival



























32nd season
august 4th - 16th, 2025
monday, august 4th, 2025at 1:00 pm
a special event - concert for violin, cello and piano
with basia danilow, violin, peter sanders, cello, and claire black, piano 
strode independent livingat morgan orchardsadmission: free
thursday, august 7th, 2025at 7:00 pm
open rehearsal
chandler center for the artsadmission: free
friday, august 8th, 2025at 7:00 pm
a special event - dalí quartet masterclass with young artists from vermont

come and see a young string quartet get musical guidance from the dalí quartet.
chandler center for the artsadmission: free
saturday, august 9th, 2025at 7:30 pm
dalí quartet playing eleanor alberga's string quartet no. 1 and beethoven's quartet #3 in d, op. 18, #3and the schubert string quintet
in c major, d, 956

chandler center for the arts
sunday, august 10th, 2025at 4:00 pm
an encore performance
afternoon concert in woodstock, vt

dalí quartet playing eleanor alberga's string quartet no. 1 and beethoven's quartet #3 in d, op. 18, #3and the schubert string quintet
in c major, d, 956


tickets & info: 802.457.3981
www.pentanglearts.org
thursday, august 14th, 2025at 7:00 pm
open rehearsal
chandler center for the artsadmission: free
saturday, august 16th, 2025at 7:30 pm
string sextets
a little known sextet in d minor, op. post. by borodin,
music by nico muhly for choir played by strings
and the op. 48 sextet by dvořák

chandler center for the arts





the central vermont chamber music festival announces the release of its first highlight cd: festival harvest

"the central vermont chamber music festival has come a long way since it was founded in 1993 by peter sanders, a new york cellist who grew up spending his summers in the randolph area. an indication of just how far is its excellent new cd, "festival harvest," a compilation of live performances of works by mendelssohn, schönberg and frank bridge at the chandler center for the arts in 2000 and 2004.

when i first heard the album, i had recently heard an excellent performance of mendelssohn's a major string quintet at vermont's justly revered marlboro music festival. the same work opens this cd, and i actually preferred the randolph performance. that's big praise."
read the review from the december 2, 2005 issue of vermont's times argus












our 32nd season: august 4th - 16th, 2025


thank you for checking in on the cvcmf. we are excited to present another season in 2025. please see jim lowe's review of one of our recent concerts, world-class music in the heart of vermont!

our 32nd season is almost all set and we want to share what we can with you now! the big news is we will be going back to two full summer weeks, august 4 - 16, 2025.

the first week will include a visit from the dalí quartet, chamber music america's 2024 ensemble of the year. the dalí will perform a program of eleanor alberga, beethoven and then joined by peter sanders, the schubert quintet in c, d. 956 last performed on the chandler stage in 1997. this week will include a saturday night concert in the chandler center for the arts and a sunday afternoon performance in woodstock, vt presented by pentangle arts. this program will be previewed with a live visit to vermont public and walter parker on friday at 11 am. also included on monday of that week, the festival will present a concert at 1 pm at strode independent living at morgan orchards. this will be a concert with violin, cello and piano.

the saturday concert for week two will be spectacular string sextets. music by borodin, nico muhly and antonín dvořák. the ensemble will be two violins, two violas and two cellos. the muhly pieces are originally for vocal ensemble. i heard them and thought they might work well for strings, nico agreed!

there are still a couple of loose ends but we hope to have everything set very soon. the balance of the website will be updated in early january, do come back and get more information then!

please plan on joining us and for those that can, bring friends who might not yet have enjoyed the concerts and amazing acoustics of chandler!

peter sanders - artistic director

artists and programs subject to change



cvcmf 2018 - vaughan williams piano quintet in c - 1st movement



interview with peter sanders
peter sanders had the pleasure of chatting with kate remington at wshu in connecticut a few weeks ago. two big topics were covered, including his long relationship with the stamford symphony orchestra (now orchestra lumos) and also his 30 year history with the central vermont chamber music festival. kate was a host at vermont public radio for many years and that is how they met. please enjoy this lively conversation.



performance today broadcast - february 19th, 2020


the festival was thrilled to have the 2017 ravel piece en forme de habanera performance by peter sanders and adrienne kim featured during the second hour of performance today in february of 2020. thank you to pt for including the festival again! the performance is available to be viewed on youtube.


music review: sublime mozart closes randolph chamber music festival

photo: robert eddy
central vermont chamber music festival closed its 31st season at randolph's chandler center for the arts with a concert that underscores the fact that this has become one of the finest of its type in vermont.

founder and artistic director peter sanders has been bringing his new york instrumentalist friends, largely culled from the new york city ballet orchestra, where he is a longtime cellist, for two weeks each year to the town where he and his family spent their summers during his youth. many of the musicians have established local ties and are, indeed, considered part of the community.

saturday's major work, mozart's horn quintet in e-flat major, k. 407, was given a delightfully lyrical performance, and introduced a new musician to the community. french hornist stewart rose, who moved from the nyc ballet to the metropolitan opera orchestra, played with a natural articulation and an irresistible warm expressiveness.

in fact, much of the quintet was something of a sublime duet between rose and violinist arturo delmoni and their interaction was exquisite. as part of the unusual instrumentation, they were joined by violists katarzyna bryla-weiss and michael roth and sanders on cello. (bryla-weiss has also left the nyc ballet, but for the san francisco symphony, but continues to return to vermont.)

aiming directly for the heart was the beloved molto adagio from samuel barber's string quartet in b minor, op. 11 - better known as "barber's adagio." led exquisitely roth, this time on violin, delmoni, bryla-weiss and sanders performed with an intimacy usually reserved for long-term string quartets. it was pure pleasure. saturday's performance of alexander glazunov's string quartet no. 3 in g major, op. 26, "quatuor slave," by delmoni, roth, bryla-weiss and sanders, seemed better than this pleasant work actually warranted. however, the third movement, "all mazurka: allegretto," was irresistible for its ethnic rhythms, and the finale, "une fête slave: allegro" was a fantasy of folk tunes and full of fun virtuosity. it may not have been great, but it was fun.

the program opened with stylish and impassioned performances of two of william grant still's "danzas de panama," "tamborito" and "mejorana y socavon," by the vermont youth orchestra string quartet. violinists emmerson stapleton and emma xia, violist elizabeth cunningham and cellist ariel tooey all played skillfully and with a sense of ensemble and style. it bodes well for the future of classical music.

the central vermont chamber music tends to focus on standard composers and repertoire, but it's what these musicians, normally part of an orchestra, want to play - perhaps that's why they play it so well.



jim lowe, times argus, vt - august 21, 2023
copyright © 2023, times argus


pulp fiction performed by jeffrey zeigler, peter sanders, hannah holman, and chris finckel (arrangement: bernard amrani) on august 15, 2015 at chandler center for the artsas part of the central vermont chamber music festival.




unless otherwise listed, our concerts take place at the chandler center for the arts in randolph, vermont. click here for a map to chandler center for the arts.


like us on facebook

the festival is a non-profit organization with 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status from the irs.
click here to download a donation form and help support the cvcmf.
also, don't forget to join our mailing list and stay up to date on what is happening.



"...saturday's central vermont chamber festival concert chandler center for the arts had me babbling by intermission. when peter sanders told his listeners from the stage that they don't know how lucky they are, he was dead right. except that i think they do know how lucky they are. he's lucky, too."

- peter goodman, as appeared in the herald, randolph, vermont, august 27, 2009. (read the full review here)

rehearsal, season #1 on chandler stage - 1993
adela peña - violin, aloysia friedmann - viola, peter sanders - cello, steven masi - piano

"stanziano delivered the dramatic washes of notes with clarity and virtuosity, while delmoni and sanders plied the dramatic lines with passion. they also responded to the subtle moments with sensitivity, making this a grand - and fun - performance."

"the central vermont chamber music festival has become a welcome tradition in randolph and the central vermont area, and saturday's impassioned high level illustrates just why."

"chamber music festival opens with finesse, spirit. just when you think you've heard enough chamber music for the summer, someone comes along and performs the mozart clarinet quintet - beautifully, in this case - and the passion returns immediately."

- jim lowe: the times argus, vt



















