










hsa bank
























toggle navigation











members 


members home
hsa investment options
investment transition
transfer or rollover hsa funds
hsas to z
how to use your hsa
members faqs



employers 


employers home
employer resource center
open enrollment resource center
employer insights
health & wealth index
decision support tools
employer faqs



partners 


partners home
hsadvisor+
partner faqs



products 


products home
health savings accounts (hsa)
emergency savings accounts (esa)
flexible spending accounts (fsa)
dependent care flexible spending accounts (dc-fsa)
health reimbursement arrangements (hra)
retiree reimbursement arrangements (rra)
lifestyle spending accounts (lsa)
tuition reimbursement accounts (tra)
commuter benefits
cobra



learning center 


learning center home
tax time 101
irs limits & guidelines
irs-qualified medical expenses
calculators
videos
faqs



about 


about us
leadership
hsa bank in the news
hsa bank in the community
careers
events



contact 


contact us




open an hsa
 login




search field input

search







 



























hsa bank’s new look is here
our new visual identity represents our amplified focus on customer engagement and experience, and our ongoing expansion of resources and products that support members along every stage of their health and wealth journey. we believe we set the bar for innovation, access and experience – and we developed an invigorated brand to match.


                    discover more
                














maximize your healthcare dollars
start your journey to healthcare savings when you apply for an hsa in less than 10 minutes.


                    get started
                














hsa tax time 101
what you need to know about contributions, distributions, documents and deadlines.


                    get answers
                















previous



next











a tailored solution for everyone
partnering with hsa bank comes with a wealth of advantages. advantages honed through over 20 years of experience as an industry leader and innovative hsa administrator. hsa bank services an array of tax-advantaged accounts and administrative solutions designed with three goals in mind: better manage health insurance costs, offer greater depth and flexibility in benefit packages, and promote healthy lifestyles.
at hsa bank, healthcare finance meets personalization. we take pride in offering a diverse range of solutions that cater to individuals, employers, and brokers/partners. this approach provides access to a spectrum of flexible and customized options, empowering you to navigate your unique healthcare journey with confidence.
the hsa bank team is your guide as you navigate healthcare and account administration. whether you're an individual seeking direct solutions, an employer enhancing benefits packages, or a broker forging partnerships, we are here to simplify and optimize your journey.
 













members
your health and financial wellbeing are connected. with a health savings account, you can make the most of both for today's needs and tomorrow's dreams.


        learn more
        

 






employers
you're constantly living at the intersection of maintaining a healthy bottom line and keeping your employee population engaged, healthy, and happy.


        learn more
        

 






partners
where business and relationships intersect, that's where you thrive, backed by the hsa bank support and service of an industry leader. 


        learn more
        

 









 








                longevity
            
as one of the first hsa administrators in the industry, our years of experience set us apart. we’ve built a team of subject matter experts dedicated to your success.









                security
            
hsa bank is both the custodian and administrator, a unique distinction in the industry, ensuring that employees aren’t subject to custodial relationship changes.









                support
            
we take great pride in maintaining close relationships and delivering an exceptional customer experience based on your unique needs and goals. the hsa bank team is there each step of the way.


 


 








a comprehensive and personalized experience
experience seamless healthcare finance management with hsa bank.
hsa bank’s commitment to providing customized solutions goes far beyond account implementation and set up. it’s important to us that you feel set up for success and for that reason, we have curated a suite of user-friendly resources, materials, and online features that will help you optimize your user experience.

intuitive user experience
feature-rich mobile app
dedicated customer support
educational resources
secure and transparent transactions

 
 








we’re more than hsas
the landscape of healthcare moves fast and your needs can change and evolve. through our diverse account offerings, hsa bank is ready to meet your needs and adapt to the changes you may experience.


















            health savings accounts (hsa)
        

 







            emergency savings accounts (esa)
        

 







            healthcare flexible spending accounts (fsa)
        

 







            dependent care flexible spending accounts (dc-fsa)
        

 









            health reimbursement arrangements (hra)
        

 







            retiree reimbursement arrangements (rra)
        

 







            lifestyle spending accounts (lsa)
        

 







            tuition reimbursement accounts (tra)
        

 















            commuter benefits
        

 







            cobra
        

 







            adoption assistance plans
        

 





 











            ready to start saving? sign up for an hsa.
        

if you have a qualified high deductible health plan (hdhp), either through your employer, through your spouse, or one you've purchased on your own, chances are you can open an hsa.



                    get started
                









 









more from hsa bank









frequently asked questions
get answers to the most-asked questions about hsas, fsas, hras, and more.


        read more
        

 






employer resource center
access our library of marketing materials and administrative tools to help you manage and promote your hsa program.


        learn more
        

 






calculators 
run the numbers to discover how to make the most of your account.


        get started
        

 




 

 















contact us
client assistance center
(800) 357-6246 or (414) 978-5294
available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
 
business relations
(866) 357-5232 or (414) 978-5282
monday thru friday, 7am - 7pm ct
 
more customer support










about
about us
careers
events
in the news
leadership
 










resources & services
healthcare expense tools
irs information and forms
site map










security & legal
browser information
privacy
security
website terms of use
webster bank financial information








 




p.o. box 939 | 605 n. 8th street, suite 320 | sheboygan, wi 53081
©  hsa bank. hsa bank® is a division of webster bank, n.a., member fdic
learn about fdic insurance coverage | privacy

plan administrative services and benefit services are administered by webster servicing llc.




















 















×
important notification


by accessing  you will be leaving the hsa bank web site and entering a web site hosted by another party. please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of the hsa bank web site. we encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different than those of hsa bank. hsa bank shall not be responsible or liable for any loss incurred due to you using this third party site.
click "continue" to go on, or "cancel" to remain at hsa bank.


cancel
continue















