







family genealogy - geary, jewell, tucker, and little family genealogy






































				home


				geary/gary


				jewel


				little


				tucker


				contact us


				about us


				site map









family genealogy - geary, jewel, tucker and little family genealogy
in memory of my husband
james jewel gearymay 14, 1914 - february 25, 2017and of my son
frank thomas martin, iii
december 16, 1961 - december 28, 2011
note: worldconnect family trees will be removed from rootsweb on april 15, 2023 and will be migrated to ancestry later in 2023.once this is done, none of the databse links on this site will be available.
genealogy is the study of families and the tracing of their lineages and history.  as a hobby it can become pleasantly addictive, at least to the person concerned. the study of family history and family genealogy used to be synonymous. now family history applies to biographical research into one's ancestors  - putting flesh on the bones, so to speak. the aim is to produce a well-documented narrative history for family members and other interested researchers.
this site covers the family genealogies of my parents and my husband's parents - four surnames geary or gary, jewel, tucker, and little, with many collateral branches. 
jim's mother worked as a professional genealogist in her later years. she lived to be just over one hundred years of age. her notes gave us a good start on his side of the family. my cousin, virginia, had done research on one line of my family and my uncle winston became interested in his family genealogy and after his death, i had his notes. with the advent of the personal computer, a new hobby - quickly to become an addiction - was born. 
we started in 1987 when we bought our first computer. we've spent countless hours in courthouses, libraries and cemeteries searching out elusive family members. after working many years on our family genealogy, we thought we'd like to share what we've found with family members and other genealogists. we hope you enjoy our genealogy site. 
fast forward to 2011 and the addiction to our family history still exists but rather than travelling to distant places, we now do our research via the internet. viewing census records online sure beats the dark rooms at he national archives and straining to read what the microfilm says.  
jewell family genealogy

jewell family web site
	this is jim's maternal line. at least three of the four ancestral lines - the jewels, halls and vanovers all lived in a narrow but picturesque little valley bordered by steep mountains in montgomery county in southwest virginia. additional surnames include graham, aikens, davis. collateral lines for lavinder, fausel, leyonmark are also included. many other surnames are listed.

geary or gary family genealogy

geary or gary family web site 
	this is jim's paternal line with the main focus being the many descendants of peter gary, the revolutionary war soldier who settled in somerset county, pennsylvania. many of the family later settled in west virginia then on to ohio. surnames include:  gary or geary, shields, moose, clark. many other surnames are listed. 

little family genealogy 

little family web site  
	this is pat's paternal line and includes the surnames of bayless, boone, brandon, brown, jones, little, mccarroll, maugridge, oldham and winston. many other surnames included. the family was originally of north carolina, tennessee and alabama.

tucker family genealogy

tucker family web site 
	this is pat's maternal line and includes the surnames of ayres, bates, burt, cook, curtis, dutton, hathaway, hicks, grimes, mclaughlin, moor, phillips, sharpe, sherman, tucker, wood and wilson. many other surnames are included. the families was originally from new england.

misc families

burley family
	william tillman burley is believed to be of native american heritage. 
martin family
	stokely t. martin was born about 1803 in virginia. on 17 january 1839, stokely married mahala hollinsworth in patrick county virginia. by the time of the 1860 census, the family was located in henry county, virginia. 

articles

clean up your on-line family trees
documenting your genealogy research










search this site









additional resources


research resources
articles
genealogy blog



geary family navigation


geary or gary family
gary family history
gary family research
geary family in the civil war
geary/gary family genealogical gazette
peter gary's rw pension record
photographs
aunt sadie's bible
tombstone inscriptions
moose family history
descendant's chart - josiah moose
photo album - moose family
shields family



jewel family navigation


jewel family
history
descendant's chart - thomas jewell
family sketches
jewel family bibles
john jewel photos
william jewel photos
cemeteries
graham family
hall family
miller family
vanover family
davis family
davis family photographs



tucker family navigation


tucker family
rufus tucker - civil war soldier
rufus tucker's civil war pension file
phillips family
david phillips will
mclaughlin family
amos mclaughlin family bible
mclaughlin family tombstone inscriptions
sherman family
sherman - phillips family bible
tombstone inscriptions - sherman family
ayres family history
ayres family vital records
curtis family
wood family
family photographs
albert & ruby tucker family photographs
more tucker family photos
arthur tucker photos
ina sherman laushance photos
tucker family vital records (all lines)



little family navigation


little family
history
little family photo album
bayless family
bayless family photo album
boone family
brandon family
winston family



misc families


martin family
lavinder family



burley family navigation


burley family research
william tillman burley
sarah bond burley widow's pension - war of 1812
early burley birth records
burley marriage records
burley death records
ford birth records



photo albums


albert & ruby tucker family
arthur tucker family
bayless family
davis family
geary family
graham family
ina sherman family
john jewell family
little family
moose family
tucker family - all lines
tucker family - additional
william jewel family






 


				april 2009-april 2013





pat geary |1183 nelson drive | harrisonburg va 22801





genealogy web creations - all rights reserved 

privacy policy 
			| site map
template design:
			
			expression web tutorials & templates








