





























welcome - the society for radiological protection - srp






















toggle navigation












7th european irpa congress liverpool (june 2026)





login to mysrp


email

password


forgot your password?

























about srp 





about srp

royal charter


what is radiological protection?


what we do


structure


history







read more about our royal charter »

the society for radiological protection was incorporated by royal charter in 2007.









public resources 





public resources

specialist advisers


resources for students


resources for teachers


srp outreach programme


advice for employers


sector guidance


radiation in industry


radiation in medicine


radioactive materials


radiation protection glossary







find resources for students »

promoting the science and art of radiological protection and allied fields for the public benefit










professional resources 





professional resources

annual directory


radiation protection timeline


radiation protection today


the blog


general guidance


practical advice


emf & optical radiation committee


legislation


metrology


journal


annual review


position papers


past conferences


past webinars


sulg


srp weekly


incidents







autumn 2024 issue now available »











news & events


careers & registration 





careers & registration

career information


rising generations group


job vacancies


rp courses


women in science


benefits of professional registration


applying for registration


what is the correct level for me?


top tips


chartered radiation protection professional (cradp)


incorporated radiation protection professional (iradp)


technical radiation protection professional (techradp)


maintaining your registration


radiation protection council


recruitment service


support schemes







educational support schemes »

the society has a number of support schemes for organisations and individuals.  









international activity 





international activity

irpa associate society


radiation safety culture


srp & partner societies







read more about irpa »

the society for radiological protection is the uk associate society affiliated to the international 









affiliated organisations


membership 





membership

benefits for members


benefits for employers


membership grades


how to join


top tips for applicants







discover the benefits for members »

srp has a full range of membership grades to suit all employees









our members 





our members
srpeoplesrpros

honorary fellows


the dunster lecture


founders' medal recipients


travels of the srp flag







interviews with our members »












search










login




login



forgot your password?













programme now available
our annual conference will be in hull, 13-15 may 2025

find out more








latest news
view all







the 2024 dunster lecture video





the 2024 dunster lecture video



        the 2024 dunster lecture was presented by chris clements (scientific secretary & ceo of the international commission…      
10th feb 2025








inside the core





inside the core



        the january blog by engagement director, sarah hunak, is now available to read.  the photo shows sarah reading one of…      
4th feb 2025









upcoming events
view all






                  13th to
          15th may 2025              
srp annual conference 2025
hull

        regenerating radiation protection - the changing face of radiation protection

across the radiation protection profession we're seeing a wealth of new changes, challenges and opportunities ahead,…      





                  20th feb 2025              
aerial discharge
free webinar (12.00 - 13.00 gmt)

        ***** please note that webinar joining instructions will be emailed to you the day before the webinar is due to take place. ***** 






following the recent publication of the second edition…      





                  5th mar 2025              
srp source security course
leeds

        srp's popular source security course is back! taking place on 5 march 2025 in leeds it aims to train radioactive waste advisers (rwas) in the basics of protecting radioactive materials from malicious…      





                  12th mar 2025              
future on contamination - recovery of agriculture in chernobyl
free webinar, 12:00 - 13:00 (gmt)

        ***** please note that webinar joining instructions will be emailed to you the day before the webinar is due to take place. ***** 

based on his extensive experience of working on the aftermath of…      





                  1st may 2025              
radiation protection for flash radiotherapy
free webinar, 12:00 - 13:00 (bst)

        ***** please note that webinar joining instructions will be emailed to you the day before the webinar is due to take place. ***** 


presented by dr mark hardy, consultant clinical scientist…      





                  17th to
          18th jun 2025              
irmf (2nd) and instrumentation workshop
ukhsa conference centre, chilton

        the second irmf of the year is currently looking for some presenters, if you would like to speak at this forum, please email charlene.matthewman@srp-uk.org as soon as possible.  
 
if you book to…      





                  14th to
          16th oct 2025              
south west conference
dartington

        future challenges - in an ever changing world

we're delighted that the south west conference is back and will be held at dartington hall in devon.  the conference will start on tuesday evening with…      














talk to us

            please use this form to send srp any enquiries, comments or
            feedback.
          



your name



your email






your message















contact usprivacy policydisclaimerterms of usecookie policyglossaryfaqs



































              copyright © 2025              the society for radiological protection

incorporated by royal charter 2007
               registered as a charity in england and wales
               no 1122804
            
web design and development from
                                             pulse8












×
disclaimer



          whilst srp takes every reasonable care to ensure that the information on its website is correct, data is often provided by individual contributors and therefore srp does not guarantee, or accept responsibility for, the accuracy of information on this website.
          we do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. you are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. you should use your own virus protection software.
        


close



















