ï»¿


searchable online database of theatre organ opus lists




the theatre organ home page- main 
current theatre organs databaseclassified ads 


welcome to the theatre organ home page organ opus database 

search for an organ by any of the following criteria 
enter what you know. narrow the search by including more information. broaden by including less. start with as narrow of a 
search as possible as the database is huge, and can return more data than you will want to wait for. 
all manufacturers known are now listed in the database. information and changes can be made now only from information supplied by people who know have knowledge of addtions/changes.




manufacturer

manufacturer field name 
state/province
 
enter two letter state or 
province code or suburb name city 
 opus # 
  

blower serial # 
   
theatre/location 
 size 

wurlitzer data does not use 
this field, use style field 
instead style 
 
comments field 
 country 
 wire schedule 
 
(wurlitzer only) year of mfg 
 
    




thanks to the efforts of many, theatreorgans.com is proud to bring you the online, searchable database of 
theatre organ original installations. 
at this time, only the wurlitzer list has been updated with information about existing condition and status of 
the organs where known. we hope to update the information about all other makes as we can get information 
from the public. please help us update the list with any information about any organs of which you know the 
origin or history for future generation's use. also let  please let the webmaster .
know of any 
difficulty you experience as we work the bugs out of this new system. 
muchas gracias 
without the extensive help of peter beames of australia on the wurlitzer information this database would not 
be possible. all other non-wurlitzer opus list information has come from information compiled and the use 
thereof freely granted by the encyclopedia of the american theatre organ copyright 1985 by the 
author, david l. junchen, and published by showcase publications, post office box 40165, pasadena, ca 
91104, from readers of this page and research/compilation by  the webmaster, jerrell kautz.

if you do not already possess a copy of the encyclopedia of the american theatre organ , get it 
today! for the best reading and information on the subject available. 
this information is only a starting point. if you know of any additions, corrections, current status updates, 
etc. regarding any theatre pipe organs then  please email us
so we can update this 
database and keep it as accurate as possible. 
we will continually upgrade and improve our database, search engine. 

consider placing a vintage hammond organ in your church or home from vintage hammond church organs, houston, texas:

 click on logo to go see the hammonds 



