





 








lawyer paralegal education - educational resources for lawyer's paralegals








































 







skip to main content








 lawyer paralegal education
 

toggle navigation





home
blog
contact
sitemap




















how can a criminal defense lawyer defend someone who is guilty?

 july 29, 2024july 29, 2024  edna hernandez



it’s an age-old question. high-profile cases in which seeming scoundrels are defended in court – and acquitted – turn the public against the lawyers who represented them. or, when the public finds out a person was guilty and their lawyer knew it all along and still vigorously defended them, the reaction’s usually negative. california lawyer stephen feldman, who defended david westerfield, convicted of murdering a seven-year-old girl, is a good example of this.
for a moment, put yourself in any defendant’s shoes. let’s assume that you’ve gotten yourself in a legal scuffle, you’ve been charged with a crime, and you’ve hired a lawyer to defend you. in your heart of hearts, you know you’ve done something wrong – but you may not be guilty of the exact crime you’re being accused of. of course, you’d rather not face the severe punishment the prosecution seeks.before you establish trust with your lawyer, you’ll be wondering two things:

does your lawyer think you committed the crime?
whatever your lawyer’s opinion is of your innocence or guilt, can he or she set that aside and defend you properly?

talk to most criminal lawyers, and they’ll tell you that the answer to number one doesn’t matter. most do not even want to know what you did. a lawyer’s job is not to know or decide guilt. the real issue is number two: can the lawyer defend you properly? this is because a lawyer’s true duty is to provide you with vigorous defense for the crime of which you’re being accused. for this reason, the most important thing when seeking criminal defense counsel is to find a lawyer who takes their legal responsibility seriously, and will do all they can to mount a thorough defense in your favor.
how can a criminal defense lawyer defend someone who they think is guilty?
the answer is two-fold. first, there is a difference between “legal guilt” and “factual guilt.” second, lawyers have a legal responsibility to their clients that they must uphold.
what’s happening in a trial
the job of a criminal defense lawyer is to defend you against the charges that are presented. when charges are brought, there only has to be “probable cause” that you might have committed the crime. at trial, the prosecuting lawyer’s job is to prove “beyond a reasonable doubt” that you’ve committed the crime for which you’re being charged.
“beyond a reasonable doubt” is a high standard intended to make conviction difficult – and rightly so, as the united states operates by the idea “innocent until proven guilty,” an idea that, although not explicitly expressed in american law, originates from ancient law and is supported by the 5th, 6th, and 14th amendments to the constitution. the government cannot deprive you of your life, liberty, or property until they’ve established your clear legal guilt.
putting the burden of proof upon the prosecution means the point of trial is all about either proving or failing to prove that you’re guilty of the crime that’s been charged – not knowing whether or not you’re actually guilty.
what “guilty” means
in court, we distinguish between “factual guilt” and “legal guilt.” the issue of “factual guilt” is not being discussed in your trial – the question of whether or not you are actually guilty. what’s being discussed at trial is legal guilt: can the prosecution offer enough evidence to prove the charges presented against you “beyond a reasonable doubt”?
the reason most criminal defense lawyers won’t ask you if you’re actually “guilty” is that it’s not relevant to the case. also, it’s not their job to find out. their job is to defend you, and put up a fair case. as one attorney put it, their job is to “keep the system honest.” the way our legal system is structured, the court – judges and juries – find people responsible. judges, not lawyers, hold the gavel.
but what if the “truth” comes out?
an important condition to this issue is that even if a client admits “guilt” to his or her lawyer, a lawyer may never truly be certain the client’s guilty. the client could be lying to cover up for someone else, or other factors may be at play. there are standards in place to keep lawyers honest: they cannot lie if they do know information pertaining to their client’s legal guilt, and they also cannot offer evidence they know is false. but attorney-client privilege does protect communication between attorneys and clients. the critical thing to remember is, again, that it’s not the lawyer’s job to discern true guilt. the court decides this.
criminal defense lawyers must provide “zealous” representation
another reason that lawyers can defend people regardless of guilt is that our society gives each citizen the right to be vigorously defended in a court of law. the u.s. constitution assures every citizen due process and the right to legal counsel.
lawyers are bound to deliver this legal right to their clients. according to canon 7 in the aba’s model code of responsibility, a defense lawyer’s duty to their client is to “represent the client zealously within the bounds of the law” because of their inclusion in a profession whose goal is to “(assist) members of the public to secure and protect available legal rights and benefits.”
although popular culture may detest the work that criminal lawyers do, their function is vital in order to maintain justice and ensure fair outcomes for anyone up against legal charges. criminal defense lawyers are simply doing their duty to defend a citizen whose rights are protected by the u.s. constitution and cannot be easily taken away.











paving the path to justice: choosing law as a career

 june 26, 2024june 26, 2024  edna hernandez






paving the path to justice: choosing law as a career




the pursuit of a legal career is a journey marked by intellectual rigor, advocacy for justice, and a commitment to upholding the rule of law. it’s a path that attracts individuals with a passion for critical thinking, a dedication to service, and an unwavering desire to make a difference.
the quest for justice 
at its core, the legal profession is grounded in the pursuit of justice. lawyers are entrusted with the responsibility of advocating for the rights of individuals, organisations, and society as a whole. they serve as the champions of justice, ensuring that laws are upheld, and wrongs are righted. for those who are driven by a strong sense of morality and a desire to stand up for what’s right, law offers a powerful platform to effect real change.
diverse career paths 
one of the most compelling aspects of choosing law as a career is its versatility. law encompasses a vast array of specializations, ranging from criminal law and environmental law to corporate law and human rights. this diversity means that aspiring lawyers can tailor their careers to their passions and interests. whether you dream of prosecuting criminals, negotiating complex business deals, or advocating for the marginalized, the legal profession offers a wealth of opportunities for specialization.
intellectual stimulation
the practice of law demands rigorous analytical thinking, research, and problem-solving skills. lawyers are constantly challenged to navigate intricate legal frameworks, anticipate opposing arguments, and offer creative solutions to complex issues. this intellectual stimulation not only keeps the mind engaged but also fosters continuous learning. legal professionals must stay updated on ever-evolving laws and precedents, ensuring their knowledge remains current and relevant.
societal impact
lawyers often find themselves in positions of influence, with the ability to shape policies, advocate for change, and impact public opinion on critical issues. they contribute to the development of laws and regulations that govern our society, influencing the way we live and interact with one another. for individuals who aspire to play a significant role in shaping the world around them, a legal career offers a potent avenue for societal impact.
financial security
while altruism and a commitment to justice are compelling reasons to enter the legal profession, it’s important to acknowledge the financial rewards it can bring. many legal careers, particularly in fields like corporate law or intellectual property law, offer competitive salaries. this financial stability not only acknowledges the years of rigorous education and training but also provides the means to lead a comfortable life.
influence and prestige 
lawyers often hold positions of influence and prestige in society. they are sought-after advisors, representing clients in important matters and contributing to critical decision-making processes. the respect garnered by those in the legal profession can lead to opportunities to shape policies, advocate for change, and influence public opinion on significant issues.
transferable skills 
a legal education imparts a set of skills that extend beyond the courtroom. effective communication, critical thinking, research abilities, and negotiation tactics acquired through legal training are highly transferable to various other professions. as such, a law degree can open doors to diverse career paths, including business, politics, journalism, and more.













what does a paralegal do? 7 insights that aren’t in the job description

 april 23, 2024april 23, 2024  edna hernandez




what does a paralegal do? [the basics]
basically, they work with a legal team to keep things organized and running smoothly as their attorneys represent clients.
a paralegal’s day could include conducting legal research, drafting legal documents, and doing important legwork. they track down answers, contact outside organizations, schedule conversations with clients and more.
according to the  bureau of labor statistics (bls), paralegals support the legal system by assisting attorneys, organizing case files and legal documents, preparing trial notes, performing legal research, preparing legal briefs and sometimes conducting client and witness interviews.1
a typical paralegal or legal assistant is usually required to:

collaborate with other legal professionals at private law firms and government agencies
conduct client interviews to gather essential information
review legal material and share insights with attorneys
draft legal documents for administrative hearings and court proceedings
keep clients informed on case progress and field their questions
draft settlement agreements and other legal documents
draft letters and memos to communicate with opposing counsel
conduct legal research to help attorneys gather pertinent information and stay updated on relevant laws and regulations
coordinate with government agencies to obtain necessary permits, licenses, and other required documentation
schedule meetings, court dates, and appointments, keeping attorneys and clients informed of important dates and deadlines

the above list is just a snapshot; paralegals and legal assistants – depending on the law firms that work with – often have other specific tasks. for example, paralegals in corporate legal departments might help draft a company policy for sick leave.
(if you’re interested in corporate law, check out what does a corporate paralegal do? it’s a very different type of legal environment).
or if you work in family law, you might establish communications with your local department of human services or help clients navigate the legal process to file for divorce.
what does a paralegal really do? [beyond the job description]
if you’re still interested in paralegal studies, you should know those basic job tasks can look way different from workplace to workplace. there are so many types of paralegals and types of law to consider. and ultimately, law firms rely on paralegals in different ways as well—depending on where they have needs and gaps in expertise.
get a better picture of what paralegals do by hearing from paralegals and attorneys themselves.
as a paralegal, you need to…
1. be good at learning
“most paralegal jobs require paralegals to work on contracts, real estate, civil lawsuits and other legal needs,” says kirk olson, attorney and instructor at rasmussen university.
“one case may require multiple areas of law. for instance, a divorce often requires a paralegal to obtain and review real estate, pension, insurance, business and estate planning documents, not just child custody studies.” whatever students take on in their paralegal education programs, there will always be so much more to learn.
on top of that, the law changes constantly. anyone who wants to practice law needs to be adaptable enough to learn and change with it.
2. keep track of every little detail
“there is no room for error in tracking deadlines and working with court scheduling,” says kevin queenan of  the queenan law firm, p.c. “mentoring legal assistants, i hear the same issue every time: i did not know you meant that detail oriented!”
the legal field is famously a stickler for the rules–this is where those rules are made! you have to dot every “i” and cross every “t”.
miniscule mistakes can have big consequences in the legal world, according to queenan. having a bad day won’t cut it as an excuse if your mistake costs the firm a case, or worse, accusations of malpractice.
beyond that, paralegals and legal assistants who take initiative to follow up on research ideas can be worth their weight in gold to law firms. “we are suing a major manufacturer, and my legal assistant found several articles that were helpful to our lack of warning claims,” queenan says. “the information was free!”
3. enjoy variety—or enjoy repetition
paralegals and legal assistants can take jobs in corporate legal departments with varied daily tasks and experiences if that is what they are looking for.
“in a general civil practice… the legal assistant may be answering discovery [requests] one day and driving out to meet a new client the next day,” queenan says.
paralegals working in smaller law firms might take on a broader range of tasks to keep things running smoothly—which means every day might look different than the last.
but some paralegal roles are way more repetitive.
“for those who like more structure or repetition, there are law practices involving cookie-cutter lawsuits and issues,” queenan says, explaining that in some places, you might draft the same kind of legal document over and over.
“i talked to a legal assistant yesterday, and her last position involved filing 1,000 credit card lawsuits per month,” queenan explains. if you like stable, predictable work, there are certainly legal roles that fit the bill.
4. have strong moral fiber
you might picture working in an office full of driven individuals who want to help their clients fix injustices. but unfortunately, it isn’t always like that.
“not all attorneys are nice, and not all attorneys are ethical,” says rasmussen university justice studies instructor julia gordon. “be aware of your ethical rules and guidelines.”
paralegals might find themselves in situations that distress their conscience. you have to have a strong backbone to be able to stick to your principles, even if that means conflict with your law firm or your attorney. “never compromise your integrity,” gordon says. “nothing is worth losing your self-respect over.”
5. stay professional under pressure
every branch of law is different. but some environments can definitely come with high tension and high emotional stakes for clients and even their attorneys.
paralegals who work in community legal service programs, for example, might see a fair share of cases where clients deal with heartbreaking odds and the legal team professionals are there out of genuine passion for the community.
paralegals working in immigration law might communicate with clients whose homes and ability to be with their families are on the line. paralegals in family law might work with clients arguing over child custody. and of course, in criminal law, you might also work on cases where someone’s literal life hangs in the balance.
communicating clearly and professionally, even if a client is panicking or reacting with anger, is extremely important. “you have your clients’ lives in your hands,” gordon says. “treat the position with the highest reverence.”
6. catch errors and manage processes
“lawyers hire paralegals because a good paralegal will find flaws in documents and assist with billing and other detailed functions that keep a law office working,” olson says. “a good paralegal is a ‘deadline cop’ who keeps the law firm on track.”
“finding and warning of a deadline that others missed may prevent a loss of a client’s case and may save a $10,000 deductible in a lawyer’s malpractice claim,” olson says.
all that detail-checking includes spelling and grammar. olson says paralegals and legal assistants often correct citation mistakes, grammar errors and other inaccuracies.
when you start working for an employer, olson suggests asking for examples of finished case files to see samples of what completed and professional work looks like for that firm. “and be assertive. if something does not look right, insist that it be explained or fixed.”
7. develop fluency with computers and new software
most of the research and writing paralegals do will take place on a computer. proficiency with computer programs is important, as well as the ability to learn and navigate new systems.
“a person considering becoming a legal assistant should take the highest level of available training on word®, wordperfect® and westlaw®,” queenan says. “a technologically proficient paralegal will wow their lawyers more often and command a higher salary and raises.”
paralegals and legal assistants have options for getting started
one positive for prospective paralegals is that there’s no “one true path” to working in this field. while some states may require professional certification, there’s a variety of educational paths you can take to finding paralegal work. it is important to check the education and work experience requirements required by the state and employer you hope to work for.











about paralegal education

 march 13, 2024march 13, 2024  edna hernandez



types of programs
generally, programs fall into one of the following categories:
·       two-year community college programs, usually awarding a certificate or an associate degree.
·       four-year baccalaureate programs with a major or minor in paralegal studies.
·       programs offered by proprietary institutions, usually 3 to 18 months in length, awarding a certificate.
·       post-baccalaureate programs, usually 3 to 12 months in length, awarding a certificate.
these diverse programs also have different admission standards, ranging from open admissions (a high school diploma or equivalent) to highly selective admissions, such as a baccalaureate degree with a 3.00 gpa. some programs also require entrance examinations. most institutions offer part-time evening programs for students who work; many also have full-time day or evening programs. some programs are offered for college credit, some for continuing education credit and some are non-credit.
two-year (associate degree) programs
an associate degree (associate of arts or associate of science) is conferred after the successful completion of two years (about 60 semester or 90 quarter units) of formal education. these programs are offered at community colleges and some four-year colleges and universities. the curriculum generally includes general education coursework such as english, mathematics, science, history, social sciences, and humanities in addition to 15 to 30 semester units of paralegal courses.
four-year (bachelor’s degree) programs
a baccalaureate degree (bachelor of arts or bachelor of science) is awarded after the successful completion of four years (about 120 semester or 180 quarter units) of formal education. a student usually majors or minors in paralegal studies taking 18 to 45 semester units in that area. the remainder of the coursework is comprised of general education and electives.
proprietary programs
these programs are offered by private profit-making colleges (often business schools) which generally offer a certificate upon completion of the course of study. the length and curriculum of these programs varies widely, but may usually be completed in three to eighteen months. most often, a high school diploma is required for admission.
post-baccalaureate programs
post-graduate programs, often offered through a college’s extension or continuing education division, ordinarily lead to a certificate and range from eight to 24 semester units in length. the general education component is fulfilled by a student’s having a degree at entry. most of these programs may be completed in one year or less. some colleges award continuing education units which are nationally recognized, standard units of measurement adopted for post-secondary programs and educational courses not carrying college credit. other colleges have credit-bearing certificate programs at the post-baccalaureate level.
curriculum
most paralegal programs cover the following subjects in addition to requiring general education either as part of the program or before it. the depth of coverage of each subject varies according to the structure and length of the program:
·       a introductory paralegal course (overview of law and the paralegal field)
·       litigation or civil procedure
·       legal research and writing
·       legal ethics
·       specialized courses in one or more areas, such as:
·       real property/real estate transactions
·       wills, trusts and estate planning/probate
·       family law
business and corporate law and practice
other subjects frequently offered include taxation, bankruptcy, contracts, commercial law, family law and torts. many schools also have one or more classes covering computer applications for legal assistants.
american bar association approval
seeking aba approval is voluntary on the part of the institution. there are some quality programs that have chosen not to seek approval. however, the aba guidelines are useful in evaluating a program you are considering, and in helping you to decide whether it will meet your needs. of the estimated 650 paralegal programs nationally, 184 have been approved by the aba as of february 1994. to be considered for approval, a program must meet standards adopted by the aba standing committee on legal assistants. briefly, the guidelines for approval require a college-level program which:
·       is part of an accredited educational institution. offers at least 60 semester or 90 quarter units (or the equivalent) of classroom work. these units must include general education and at least 18 semester (or 27 quarter) units of legal specialty courses. has an advisory committee with attorneys and legal assistants from the public and private sectors.
·       has qualified, experienced instructors. has adequate financial support from the institution in which it is situated. is accredited by, or eligible for accreditation by, an accrediting agency recognized by the council on post-secondary accreditation.has adequate student services including counseling and placement. has an adequate legal library available.
·       has appropriate facilities and equipment.
how to evaluate a program
in evaluating the quality of a paralegal training program and whether or not it might suit your needs, consider these factors:
·       the educational objectives of the program should be stated clearly in the program literature, which should be available to you upon request.
·       general and specific training objectives should be provided. the reputation of both the umbrella institution and the program itself should be considered. look to the educational standing of the program with the general public and the legal community. admission standards and the level of education required for acceptance into the program will tell you the academic level of the program and whether or not you would be eligible. aba approval indicates that the program has met the standards set forth in the guidelines and procedures for obtaining aba approval of legal assistant education programs, as amended in 1992. this gives some level of assurance of quality and reputation. membership in aafpe shows that the program administration is interested in current developments in paralegal education and in offering a quality program. the qualifications of the program administrator and whether the staff is on campus full or part time will give you an idea of how much supervision and leadership the program has. inclusion of experiential education such as internships or cooperative education. the placement record will tell you if graduates find paralegals positions, what type of work they perform, and firms employ them.
·       the composition and qualifications of the faculty will determine the content, level and quality of instruction. look for experienced attorneys who utilize the services of paralegals, and experienced paralegals. the curriculum itself should include both theory and practical skills courses. examine the required legal courses, the number of elective legal courses and the amount and kind of work required in courses. if you are interested in a particular area of law, be sure the school offers it. the student services which are available, such as orientation, student and alumni organizations, tutoring, and financial aid, may tell you if the program will provide you with the individual assistance you need.











duties you can expect to perform as a paralegal

 february 15, 2024february 15, 2024  edna hernandez



most people think of the role of a paralegal as an assistant to an attorney. the american association for paralegal education (aafpe) defines a paralegal as someone who “performs substantive and procedural legal work as authorized by law, which work, in the absence of the paralegal, would be performed by an attorney. paralegals have knowledge of the law gained through education, or education and work experience, which qualifies them to perform legal work. paralegals adhere to recognized ethical standards and rules of professional responsibility.” but what activities can one really expect to do each day as a paralegal?
the truth is, paralegals perform a large array of tasks, and no day is completely alike. however, there are some core functions paralegals commonly perform. here are some of the common duties paralegals are responsible for on a day-to-day basis.
 
legal research and presentations
one of the most important roles of a paralegal is to assist their attorney in preparing for trials, hearings, and closings. a large part of this consists of conducting legal research and gathering relevant information to the case. this includes researching the facts of the case as well as identifying the appropriate laws, judicial decisions, and legal articles relevant to the case. the paralegal gathers and analyzes information, then prepares a written report that the attorney uses to determine how the case should be handled. often, paralegals also are involved in preparing presentations for the client.
client interviews
interviewing is another important part of being a paralegal. a paralegal normally does not conduct the initial client interview where the attorney obtains information about the legal problems of the client. however, they are often present in order to observe the questioning and take notes so they are prepared to conduct subsequent interviews with clients and witnesses. after locating and interviewing a witness, the paralegal prepares a memo summarizing the testimony for the attorney.
drafting legal documents
a large part of a paralegal’s day is spent drafting legal documents. this can include drafting correspondence and pleadings, such as complaints, subpoenas, interrogatories, deposition notices, pretrial orders, and legal briefs with various parties. paralegal training in the art of written communication is essential.
law office administration
in addition to these duties, paralegals are expected to handle administrative tasks such as filing papers, answering telephone calls, and maintaining and organizing reference files. paralegals are often in charge of maintaining the schedule of their attorney, and spend some time of each day calling clients, lawyers, witnesses, experts and court personnel  to schedule interviews, hearings, meetings, depositions, and trials. paralegals may also handle any needed travel arrangements.
in addition to these tasks, a paralegal often is present with their attorney as they attend trials, depositions, will executions, real estate closings, and court or administrative hearings. the work of a paralegal also varies based on the type of law in which the paralegal works. for example, a corporate paralegal may handle documents for shareholders while a paralegal working in criminal law may research police records extensively. regardless of the area of law, a person with an organized mind and ability to multitask will find the day-to-day activities of a paralegal rewarding and challenging.











what are the benefits of attending a paralegal studies program?

 february 5, 2024february 5, 2024  edna hernandez



what do you learn during a paralegal studies program?
in addition to general education courses and an elective course, you will master the foundational skills needed to succeed in the legal profession by completing the following classes:
introduction to the law
this course introduces the study of the law, the legal system’s organization, and a paralegal’s role. during this course, you learn about the law, its classification, and the steps in the litigation process. you also review contracts, torts, real property, constitution, and criminal law.
legal research and writing i and ii
a two-part course that introduces you to legal research techniques and legal terminology, including problem analysis, resource materials, research techniques, presentation of research, writing memoranda, and writing legal briefs.
introduction to civil procedure
an introduction to civil lawsuits, pleading, and the most commonly used motions in court. the curriculum will help you assist trial attorneys in preparing for civil litigation.
introduction to torts
an introduction to the laws of negligence, intentional wrongs, slander and libel, product liability, strict liability, and other private wrongs. you also learn about theories governing tort law, systems and procedures used in tort cases, trial procedures, and appeal processes.
professional ethics and liability
a course that allows you to examine and evaluate the ethical obligations and responsibilities of being a paralegal. you gain a basic understanding of ethical and legal conduct, the importance of ethics to the law, and the ethics and rules governing the law.
what are the benefits of attending a paralegal studies program?
in the ever-evolving landscape of legal careers, the path to becoming a paralegal is straightforward but offers diverse entry points. while it’s true that one can become a paralegal without a formal degree, the benefits of pursuing a formal education in paralegal studies are substantial. they can significantly enhance your career prospects and capabilities.
benefit #1: competitive advantage / qualify for nala cp certification
opting for a formal education in paralegal studies provides a competitive edge in a job market that values expertise and specialized knowledge. in a field where precision is paramount, employers often prioritize candidates with a solid educational foundation. a degree showcases your commitment to the profession and signals to potential employers that you have the skills to excel. in addition, an associate of arts degree may qualify for the national association of legal assistants certified paralegal examination (confirm current nala eligibility criteria)
benefit #2: upward professional mobility
an associate of arts degree not only prepares you to meet employer expectations upon graduation but also opens the door to upper-level educational opportunities, like a bachelor’s degree in legal studies, which can then lead to law school admissions in pursuit of a juris doctorate degree or graduate school for a master’s degree. the associate of arts is a springboard to unlimited opportunities.
benefit #3: comprehensive knowledge
formal education equips you with a comprehensive understanding of the legal system, its intricacies, and the ethical considerations that guide it. a structured curriculum covers various legal areas, exposing you to civil and criminal law. this knowledge empowers you to make an informed decision about your specialization while fostering a holistic understanding of the legal landscape.
benefit #4: choosing a specialization
as you delve into the diverse facets of civil and criminal law during your education, you gain insights to make an informed decision about your specialization. your exposure to the nuances of each area allows you to align your strengths and interests with the path that resonates most with you, setting the stage for a fulfilling and purpose-driven career.
benefit #5: increasing responsibility
with the expense of employing attorneys, many law firms use paralegals to take on tasks that attorneys once completed. as a paralegal, you can conduct case research, interview witnesses, and prepare cases for trial. attorneys rely on paralegals to support the legal team with substantive legal work. this work requires knowledge of legal concepts, and paralegals with a formal degree will be prepared to take on this additional responsibility.
benefit #6: intellectual stimulation
in addition to clerical work, many paralegals engage in high-level legal functions. paralegals must stay current on changing laws and procedures, with continuous learning paramount.
benefit #7: opportunity to make a difference
if you want to make a difference in the lives of others, becoming a paralegal is an excellent way to help. for example, winning a court case may mean a parent gets custody of a child. paralegals help those in need, and this role can be rewarding.
benefit #8: fast-paced schedule
as a paralegal, you will work on tight deadlines to prepare for hearings and court dates. there is never a dull moment, but this helps keep you engaged in your job. if you like working in a fast-paced environment, becoming a paralegal is your right career path.
benefit #9: value of lifelong career services
florida national university’s career services guide job searches, resume building, and interview preparation, giving you a head start in the competitive job market.
benefit #10: personalized instruction
florida national university’s paralegal & legal studies faculty provides instruction that is personally designed to streamline your mastery of the foundational skills needed to succeed in the legal profession.  











is paralegal education necessary?

 january 23, 2024january 23, 2024  edna hernandez



the level of education needed to become a paralegal depends the kind of paralegal work desired and the length of a paralegal career. a recent college graduate who wants to be a paralegal to get into law school may not want to seek additional training. a person wishing to become a career paralegal would benefit from the additional training.


paralegals help make lawyers look organized. they typically sort, prepare, photocopy, and index documents, while also interviewing witnesses or conducting hearings. most beginning paralegals should have a bachelor’s degree, according to the national federation of paralegal associations (nfpa).
 
roughly 50 percent of paralegals do, with about 25 percent having two-year associates degrees. however, trends indicate that most potential employers expect entry-level paralegals to have a four-year college degree. any additional training a paralegal might have, whether it be in medicine, another science, or social work, will help a paralegal to specialize and possibly make more money.
programs exist to train paralegals. nfpa recommends a formal paralegal education program, which approximately 84 percent of current paralegals have.  training programs consist of 24 semester hours in legal studies. nfpa offers the paralegal advanced competency exam to establish and recognize high standards in the paralegal profession. in order to qualify for the exam, a paralegal must have a bachelor’s degree, have completed an accredited paralegal program, and have at least two years of paralegal experience. paralegals who pass the exam are recognized professionally as a “pace registered paralegal.”
for a small fee, a potential paralegal can obtain a directory of paralegal education programs from the nfpa.
the amount of training needed for a paralegal job can depend on the organization for which the paralegal will work. it may be useful to contact local law firms about their paralegal hiring practices. some positions require a paralegal certificate, which requires additional training after a four-year degree program. online directories allow registered users to search for hiring law firms, and most local libraries have a copy of martindale hubbell, an index of every lawyer in the country organized by city and law firm.
 
in general, the level of education needed to become a paralegal depends the kind of paralegal work desired and the length of a paralegal career. a recent college graduate, for example, who wants to be a paralegal in order to help her chances of getting into law school, may not want to seek additional training. a person wishing to become a career paralegal, on the other hand, would benefit from the additional training.












8 reasons to pursue a career in paralegal studies

 january 12, 2024january 12, 2024  edna hernandez



do you have a passion for helping others? do you also have a passion for learning about aspects of the legal field? do you aspire to have a career with a promising salary and long-term job security? if you answered yes, these are some of the many reasons you should consider getting a degree in paralegal studies.
what are the benefits of a paralegal career?

salary – the median annual wage for paralegals and legal assistants was $51,740 in may 2019 and will continue to rise.
job security – the outlook for the paralegal industry is extremely strong and according to the u.s. bureau of labor statistics, the paralegal profession is projected to grow much faster than other occupations, expanding by more than 12 percent by 2028.
work environment – becoming a paralegal provides flexibility in different areas you can work in outside of a courtroom. a paralegal can work in corporations, real estate, and hospitals. paralegals can work as a discovery liaison, legal administrator of business, claims adjuster/investigator, tax preparer, list management, bankruptcy petition preparer, compliance, real estate and title insurance paralegal, government paralegal and nursing paralegal.
communication and people skills – being a paralegal offers the opportunity to enhance your communication and people skills. being able to communicate well is at the heart of being a paralegal. a paralegal will always be communicating, whether via the phone, email, memo, letter, or in-person – communication needs to be concise and to the point. people skills will help you to listen better and be more attentive when dealing with clients.
opportunity for growth – paralegals can advance within the law firm as well as their career. many paralegals advance to supervisor or management positions.
helping others – being a paralegal gives you the opportunity to help others, many of them suffering through a difficult experience in their lives. it is very rewarding to help someone during a difficult process and see the benefit they receive from your services.
self-employment – paralegals can choose to freelance as independent contractors under the direct supervision of an attorney. they can work from home or in an office and set their own schedule.
law school – for some paralegals, the love of law that they develop as a paralegal leads them to attend law school. their paralegal background gives them a definite advantage over someone with no experience in the industry.












how to become a paralegal: responsibilities, requirements and salary

 january 1, 2024january 1, 2024  edna hernandez




paralegals play a key role in helping lawyers prepare for cases and complete work for their clients. paralegals perform their duties under the supervision of licensed attorneys in law firms, and they may also work in government agencies, for insurance firms or on corporate, in-house legal teams.
if you’re ready to start a new career as a paralegal, there are a few things you should consider first. in this article, we discuss how to become a paralegal, including what these professionals do and the requirements you’ll need to meet if you choose this career path.

what does a paralegal do?
paralegals are not clerical staff; they are an essential part of any legal team. paralegals do much of the initial legwork for cases, and they continue to assist as attorneys prepare for court cases, consultations, appointments and other tasks.
as a paralegal, your responsibilities may vary according to the type of job you are doing and whether you work in a law firm or in a corporate setting. depending on your situation, you may work with issues related to criminal defense, bankruptcy, divorce, tax law, corporate law, estate planning or personal injury, among other legal matters.
a paralegal’s duties may include:

researching and gathering information
interviewing clients, witnesses and other relevant parties
drafting wills, correspondence, pleadings, motions and other legal documents
writing summaries of depositions and testimonies
managing case files
tracking time and keeping financial records
attending the execution of wills, depositions, hearings and trials

paralegal specializations
while paralegals can be generalists who are qualified to work in a variety of legal areas, many choose to specialize in particular facets of the law. by specializing, you gain extensive expertise in a certain area, which can help boost your career opportunities and earning power.
paralegal specialties include:

banking and finance
bankruptcy
corporate
criminal defense
estate planning
family law
immigration
intellectual property
litigation
personal injury
real estate

how much does a paralegal make?
paralegals earned a median annual salary of $56,230 in 2021, according to the u.s. bureau of labor statistics. the bottom 10% of earners made less than $36,410, and the top 10% earned more than $88,640.
the job outlook for paralegals is excellent, with employment expected to increase by 14% from 2021 to 2031. this rate is much faster than the average projected growth for all occupations nationwide.
according to the bls, this projected growth is due to law firms increasingly hiring paralegals to do the work that lawyers would typically do. when comparing paralegals vs. lawyers, paralegals are much less expensive to employ, so this technique can greatly reduce costs at law firms.
how to become a paralegal
since there are no national standards governing the educational or certification requirements for paralegals, each state determines its own requirements for how to become a paralegal. if you’re planning to become a paralegal, check with your state for more information about its specific requirements.
in most cases, prospective paralegals need to complete some form of paralegal training. they may also become certified. below we explore some of the typical education and certification requirements for paralegals.
paralegal education requirements
while there is no national standard for paralegal education requirements, you should expect to complete some type of paralegal education program. most employers expect this, and it may be difficult to find a job without completing such training.
paralegals typically have at least an associate degree, and many have bachelor’s degrees in paralegal studies. if you already have a bachelor’s degree in another field, you may complete a master of legal studies (mls) degree to prepare for your new career. mls programs cover a variety of legal issues that a paralegal should understand.
many paralegals opt to earn certification. certification programs are available through proprietary schools and colleges across the country. many of these certification programs take less than a year to complete. this article explores paralegal certifications in more detail below, but it’s important to note that certification programs often set education requirements for candidates.
two popular national certifying bodies for paralegals are the national association of legal assistants (nala) and the national federation of paralegal associations (nfpa). nala requires paralegals pursuing its certified paralegal designation to meet at least one of the educational requirements below:

a bachelor’s in paralegal studies
a graduate certificate in paralegal studies
a paralegal program consisting of at least 60 semester hours, 15 of which must be in “substantive legal courses”
a paralegal program approved by the american bar association (aba)
an associate in paralegal studies

nfpa’s educational requirements vary by credential. the core registered paralegal (crp)™ designation calls for at least a high school or gre diploma in addition to five years of substantive paralegal experience. crp candidates with more advanced degrees don’t need as much professional experience.
the registered paralegal (rp)® certification, also administered by nfpa, asks candidates to have an associate degree and seven years of substantive paralegal experience. however, those with bachelor’s degrees in paralegal studies need only two years of paralegal experience.
paralegal certification
paralegals are not required to earn certification, but they may do so voluntarily through nala, nfpa or another certifying body. many states offer paralegal certifications as well.
paralegals in ohio, indiana, north carolina, texas and florida can become certified through their state bar associations. in arizona, california and washington, paralegals can become registered to provide some services, such as legal document preparation, without being under the supervision of a licensed attorney.
while certification is not required, it can give you an edge over other applicants in the job market. a reputable paralegal certification proves that you have a thorough understanding of the laws, regulations and legal principles you need to know to be competent in this demanding profession.
state-specific regulation of paralegals
as of 2022, california is the only state that directly regulates individuals who use the title of “paralegal”. in california, paralegals must meet specific requirements, such as earning a certificate of completion through an aba-approved paralegal training program, completing related college coursework or working under the supervision of a licensed attorney.
the state of washington has established education and experience requirements for its “limited license legal technician” designation, which paralegals can use. the state of utah has also established education and experience requirements for its “licensed paralegal practitioner” designation, also of use to paralegals.











becoming a paralegal: what you need to know bsc blog staff

 november 27, 2023november 27, 2023  edna hernandez



when you’re exploring careers in the legal field, consider becoming a paralegal. these legal professionals play an important role in legal proceedings without having to spend years and a significant amount of money going to law school. when you’re a paralegal, you’ll be able to assist lawyers in a law firm or legal department with a wide range of responsibilities and duties to help legal proceedings, including trials and litigation, go as smoothly as possible.
learning more about the role of a paralegal and how to become one can help you determine if this might be a good career option for you. keep the following information in mind while considering this career path.
what does a paralegal do?
a paralegal performs several tasks to help lawyers prepare for trials, hearings, and other legal proceedings as well as meetings. these tasks can vary depending on the type of law firm or legal department a paralegal works at, among other factors, such as whether they specialize in a particular area. some of the tasks that paralegals are responsible for might include researching laws and regulations, drafting and maintaining legal documents, gathering facts for legal cases, and contacting clients and witnesses.
paralegals might also arrange evidence, gather formal statements and affidavits, and summarize reports to help attorneys prepare for trials. these legal professionals might assist lawyers during trials as well by taking notes, reviewing transcripts, and handling other relevant duties. the duties you can expect to perform as a paralegal can vary based on the size of the law firm or legal department you work for. you might have a wider range of job duties and responsibilities if you work at a smaller firm. at larger law firms, your work might focus on a specific part of legal proceedings, such as researching laws and regulations or gathering evidence.
 
legal assistant vs. paralegal
legal assistants and paralegals both provide assistance in law firms or legal departments. however, their job duties and responsibilities are notably different. while paralegals focus on performing tasks that directly help lawyers with legal proceedings, such as drafting legal documents or reviewing transcripts during cases, legal assistants mainly handle clerical and administrative tasks. they might answer phones and direct calls, schedule consultations or appointments, and file paperwork.
legal assistant and paralegal careers also differ in terms of education. legal assistants do not need to have any formal degrees for this type of work. however, they can earn a diploma to help them learn the skills needed for this career, such as a legal office assistant diploma. paralegals do not have any formal education requirements either, but earning an associate degree, bachelor’s degree, or advanced degree can be highly beneficial when competing for open positions. many employers looking to hire paralegals prefer candidates who have a degree.
 
paralegal vs. lawyer
with paralegals responsible for performing a wide range of legal tasks, it’s helpful to know how they differ from lawyers. paralegals can help attorneys and lawyers prepare for meetings, trials, and other legal proceedings. however, their duties are limited when it comes to their interactions with clients. paralegals are not allowed to provide clients with legal advice or represent clients in court. lawyers have the education and training needed to represent clients and offer legal advice.
the educational requirements for lawyers are also much more rigorous. lawyers have to graduate from law school and pass the bar exam. bar exams and requirements for becoming an attorney are state specific in order to work as an attorney. paralegals do not have to spend as much time earning a degree or need to pass the bar exam in order to work.
 
how to become a paralegal in 6 steps
if you decide to become a paralegal, becoming familiar with the steps involved can help you understand what to expect. while the exact path to a career as a paralegal can differ, the following offers a general idea of how to become one.
1. is being a paralegal right for you?
before getting started on the path to becoming a paralegal, first consider whether it’s the right career for you. think about the kind of career you want to build and the skills you already have. are you good at communicating with other people? do you have strong interpersonal skills? do you enjoy conducting research? are you good at staying organized? paralegals need to have solid communication, interpersonal, organizational, and research skills, along with other skills. going through a degree program, such as a paralegal associate degree program, can help you develop or improve these skills.
keep in mind that you’ll play a valuable role in legal proceedings, but you won’t have the authority to directly counsel clients or represent them. if you’re satisfied with this level of involvement, becoming a paralegal can be a good career path.
2. find the right paralegal education
if you decide to become a paralegal, having the right education is important. although there aren’t any formal educational requirements to become a paralegal, earning a degree can help ensure that you develop the right skills. with many employers preferring to hire paralegals who hold a degree, this can also help you get your foot in the door when you need to find a job in this field.
when exploring education options, look for a degree program that provides you with the coursework needed to become a successful paralegal. an associate degree can help you learn the skills you’ll need and gain the right knowledge within a shorter timeframe compared to more advanced degrees. you might also have opportunities to do an internship, which gives you hands-on experience before you graduate.
3. paralegal certification
do you need to be certified in order to work as a paralegal? there are no federal requirements for certification, and you won’t find certification offered at the national level. however, becoming certified at the state level can show employers that you have a strong commitment to this career, which can give you a competitive edge when you’re searching for jobs. the national federation of paralegal associations (nfpa) also recommends certification for paralegals.
professional organizations offer certifications for paralegals. some certification options for paralegals include the professional paralegal certification from the national association for legal support professionals (nals), the certified paralegal certification from the national association of legal assistants (nala), and the advanced certified paralegal certification from nala.
4. find a job and get experience
when you graduate with a paralegal degree and earn certification, you’ll be ready to begin working in this profession. you can start looking for jobs before you graduate. if you’re able to do an internship at a law firm or legal department, you might be able to transition into a paid position afterward. having a job as a paralegal helps you gain experience, which you can use to advance your career.
5. specialize
paralegals have the option to specialize in a certain area of law. while you don’t have to specialize, doing so might be a good option if you have a strong interest in a particular area of law. for example, you might choose to specialize in family law if you have a desire to play a role in helping families with legal matters, such as child custody. other areas that you might choose to specialize in include corporate law, litigation, personal injury, immigration, real estate, intellectual property, or criminal law.
6. advance your career
when you work as a paralegal, you’ll have opportunities to advance your career if desired. doing so can open up new job opportunities and provide you with an even more fulfilling career, depending on your goals and interests. advancing your paralegal career might involve learning new skills, going back to school for an advanced degree, or working toward earning a promotion. some of the careers that you might consider pursuing include policy analyst, legal secretary, judge, law clerk, or attorney.
 
state-by-state examples
some states have local organizations that offer voluntary certification for paralegals. the requirements for these certifications vary by state, so it’s important to make sure you understand your state’s requirements. the following are a few examples of how these requirements might differ from state to state.
new york
the empire state alliance of paralegal associations (esapa) in new york offers the new york state certified paralegal program for voluntary certification. a few of the requirements to become certified include being a legal new york resident, being employed as a paralegal, and meeting experience or educational requirements, such as passing the paralegal advanced competency exam (pace) or having an associate degree in paralegal studies from an institutionally accredited school and six years of substantive paralegal experience. keep in mind that you must meet at least one of the experience or educational requirements.
ohio
in ohio, the ohio state bar association for legal professionals (osba) offers the osba paralegal certification program for voluntary certification. the requirements you’ll need to meet for this certification include meeting the osba definition of a paralegal, providing at least three professional references, passing a written exam, completing continuing legal and paralegal education, and meeting education or experience requirements. education or experience requirements include having a high school diploma and associate or bachelor’s degree in paralegal studies along with a certain amount of experience working as a paralegal. this can be one year of experience for those with a bachelor’s degree, five years for those with an associate degree, or seven years for those with a high school diploma.
virginia
the virginia alliance of paralegal associations (vapa) offers the virginia registered paralegal program (varp) for voluntary certification. to qualify for this certification, vapa requires a paralegal to be a voting member in any vapa member association or area liaison. other requirements include completing a minimum of 12 hours of continuing legal education credits, which includes two hours of ethics every two years. paralegals must also provide proof to vapa that they have completed the continuing education hours to maintain certification.
wisconsin
the state bar of wisconsin offers voluntary certification for paralegals. becoming a certified paralegal involves meeting education or experience requirements; being employed or retained by a law firm, lawyer, agency, or corporation; being directly supervised by a lawyer licensed in wisconsin; and passing a background check. education requirements include having an associate or bachelor’s degree from a qualified paralegal studies program, meeting eligibility requirements if you haven’t graduated yet, or earning at least 21 continuing education credits. work experience requirements include working at least five years as a paralegal, teaching paralegal studies for at least three years, having a high school diploma, and having three hours of approved continuing legal education.
 
how long does it take to become a paralegal?
the amount of time it takes to become a paralegal can vary considerably depending on different factors, such as the degree program you complete and whether you become certified. remember, many employers in the legal field prefer to hire paralegals who have a college degree.
going through an associate degree program to become a paralegal can take a couple of years, or possibly less if you are in an accelerated program. a bachelor’s degree can take about four years to earn. and a more advanced degree, such as a master’s degree in legal studies, can take an additional one to two years.
 
paralegal career outlook
knowing more about the job outlook for paralegals can factor into your decision about pursuing this career. according to the bureau of labor statistics, the job outlook for paralegals from 2020 to 2030 is 12 percent.* this is faster than the average job outlook for all occupations in the u.s. what is behind this demand for paralegals? law firms are expected to hire more of these legal professionals in order to lower costs and improve efficiency in their legal services.
the demand for paralegals isn’t just within law firms. large corporations, such as insurance companies, healthcare companies, and finance companies, have also been focusing on expanding their in-house legal staff to keep costs down instead of hiring outside law firms.
*cited projections may not reflect local and/or short-term economic or job conditions and do not guarantee actual job growth.






posts pagination
1
2
…
5
older posts 






search


search for:








recent posts


how can a criminal defense lawyer defend someone who is guilty?


paving the path to justice: choosing law as a career


what does a paralegal do? 7 insights that aren’t in the job description


about paralegal education


duties you can expect to perform as a paralegal


campuses by states 









 
denver career college - denver, coloradophoenix career college - phoenix, arizonasoutheastern career college - nashville, tennesseesoutheastern career institute- dallas, texas
 

find us at: 

 









						sparkling						theme by colorlib powered by wordpress 
















terms and conditions - privacy policy



