







seattle folklore society – music – dance – play – sing









































 








		skip to content	



 seattle folklore society
music – dance – play – sing
menu and widgets




make a donation!




sfscorona virus information
sfs membership

join or renew sfs membership
update your contact info/mailing preferences


concerts

concert announcement mailing list
a musical doorway
concert committee


dance
seattle song circle
old growth oldtime
camps
about sfs

contact us
volunteer
privacy policy


events for sfs flyer
archives
friendspacific northwest web links

northwest folklife
puget sound guitar workshop
victory music
wintergrass


folk alliance

far-west (folk alliance region-west)


folkworks
sing out!
smithsonian folkways
open mics and jams
folk radio programs in western washington
search

search for:



 







 

welcome 

program updates:the 2025 concert season begins february 1!see the confirmed listings on our concert page as we begin to update the schedule. (keep checking back for possible additons)seattle folklore society is very excited for the return of live music to the pna community hall! join us saturdays and an occasional sunday for a wide-ranging array of world-class acoustic music.  we may also offer occasional online or hybrid concerts as our resources allow. check our website for the latest updates.  sfs no longer requires proof of covid-19 vaccination for concert attendees. we have moved to a “masks encouraged” policy, dependant on the preferences of the performers (check the individual concert listings to be sure).we will continue to monitor guidelines from washington state, king county,  and the phinney center.watch our webite for updates to the calendar and attendance policies. tickets go on sale online 60 days before each concert; and may sometimes be purchased sooner in person at prior concerts by cash or check.  konnectclub is our partner for ticket sales as well as as our online platform. in the case of reduced hall capacity or changes in situation, refunds will be available (places will be reserved in the order purchased if oversold due to changes in hall capacity.) 
seattle song circle is flourishing during covid-19.  we started video conferencing in february 2020, and moved from a dozen people singing together in person to 3 times that from all over.  by the end of july, participants came in from alaska to maryland, from australia to uk and denmark.  and the weekly sing extended past 11 pdt.  the seattle song circle continues to meet at 7pm most sundays via zoom conferencing, at this link: https://zoom.us/j/358495231 . second sundays are in person at the greenwood senior center 525 n 85th (hybrid), and in person in a private home on the 4th sundays. sfs new page of virtual sings with events most every day of the week.   
the emerald city contra dance resumed dances for the first time since early 2020, on friday september 9th, 2022. the dance no longer requires, but encourages a well fitting mask to be worn. sign a registration form (for contact tracing) and waiver upon entry. see  seattledance.org for more info about covid precautions and schedule.(though not an sfs sponsored activity, we want to let you know that thursday night contra dance is also presenting in-person dances, with masks optional – one line with masks required. this dance continues to recommend full vacination with the current booster; but is no longer checking for proof of vaccination. (masks are provided for those who don’t have one). see the lake city dance  webpage for more info)
new in  2023, the 3rd annual old growth oldtime seattle gathering plans to return in october 2025 –  proudly sponsored by sfs!  see oldtimeseattle.org/oldgrowth for more info! 

upcoming seattle folklore society events







open the door for three

mar 01, 2025 (sat), 7:30 pm - 10:00 pm

    			buy tickets online: https://knqt.link/1oeo3ok

venue: phinney center concert hall, brick building, 6532 phinney ave n, seattle


 		open the door for three is fiddle player liz knowles, uilleann piper kieran o’hare, and dublin-born singer and bouzouki player pat broaders. their music is a rare combination of unearthed tunes from centuries-old collections, newly composed melodies, fresh arrangements of songs old and new, homages to the musicians and bands they grew up listening to, and the unmatched energy of a trio of good friends playing great irish music together.

        		-- read more -- 
    			









scott cook & pamela mae

mar 08, 2025 (sat), 7:30 pm - 10:00 pm

    			buy tickets online: https://knqt.link/ng1d2p8

venue: phinney center concert hall, brick building, 6532 phinney ave n, seattle


 		scott's songs have won well-deserved acclaim from folk radio lists and top honors in songwriting competitions. with his sweetheart pamela mae on upright bass, banjo and vocals, the pair has visited 45 states and 8 provinces in recent years while broadcasting solar-powered livestreams from the back of their campervan roadetta. in 2025 they're releasing a new album called troubadourly yours. fresh from the open road, these are sturdy, straight-talking songs that see the good in you.

        		-- read more -- 
    			









cosy sheridan & charlie koch

mar 22, 2025 (sat), 7:30 pm - 10:00 pm

    			buy tickets online: https://knqt.link/nrngtxy

venue: phinney center concert hall, brick building, 6532 phinney ave n, seattle


 		an evening with singer/songwriter cosy sheridan, accompanied by charlie koch: thoughtful songs, big guitar!

        		-- read more -- 
    			









todalo shakers

mar 29, 2025 (sat), 7:30 pm - 10:00 pm

    			buy tickets online: https://knqt.link/tqdpbj8

venue: phinney center concert hall, brick building, 6532 phinney ave n, seattle


 		vintage jug band party blues, rags, that sounds like they are lifted right out of 1928 in memphis, tennessee! complex and soulful vocal arrangements create rich and funky harmonies, and a great feeling of camaraderie; the exuberance and fondness that the musicians feel for their material and for each other is unmistakable. with suzy thompson (fiddle, vocals), eric thompson (mandolin), frannie leopold (vocals, guitar), bruce "wb" reid (6-string banjo guitar, vocals,) and matt weiner (bass)

        		-- read more -- 
    			





full list of our events
latest news
events that missed the flyer (2/15/2025) - (we will add events as we are able – updated 2/15/25) february 19 – rachel sumner & traveling light: sumner’s lyric-forward writing and penchant for snaking chord progressions demand something far beyond folk conventions, highlighting the acrobatic range of her brilliant bandmates kat wallace (fiddle) and mike siegel (upright bass).sumner’s songs have been critically acclaimed: … continue reading events that missed the flyerup from the streets: new orleans: the city of music – “virtual” film release may 15th (5/11/2020) - filmmaker michael murphy is presenting his new award-winning film, up from the streets: new orleans: the city of music, in an effort to raise money for louisiana musicians who have lost income amid the covid-19 pandemic. a celebration of the music and culture of new orleans over the decades, it features performances by allen toussaint, dr. john, neville brothers and preservation hall, archival footage of louis … continue reading up from the streets: new orleans: the city of music – “virtual” film release may 15th
 
 








				proudly powered by wordpress			





