










home - lead new jersey

























































  

















skip to content



























apply now











member login















 
homeabout about us mission & vision staff & board the lnj experience new jersey issues leadership advancement lnj networkapply the lnj experience seminar schedule & information apply for lnj’s next classleaders leaders lnj fellows login alumni membership alumni storiesseminars & events upcoming events next seminarresources lnj live! talent exchange








 







 





educating, transforming, and empowering our state's next generation of leaders









learn more
























welcome to lead new jersey











lead new jersey (lnj) opens challenging possibilities to a highly select group of fellows to learn the cutting edge issues that shape our lives, to link directly with talented leaders who are making improvements around new jersey, and to lead as a champion of their own most cherished ideas and values. lnj makes it happen for those unique individuals who are taking charge in our state!
 











about lnj











lead new jersey creates and hosts a network of motivated and informed fellows who work to improve the quality of life in our state. lead new jersey is dedicated to developing well-informed leader fellows who are prepared to cross boundaries between sectors, work effectively with people of all backgrounds, find common ground with those who may think differently about the issues, and work in a spirit of shared commitment to our state’s success.




















mark your calendar



































apply to lnj's 2025 class! 
the application period for lnj's 2025 class is now open! the most common remark we hear from fellows about lnj is "i should have done it sooner." the commitment to participating as an lnj fellow can be daunting, but reaps rewards that can only be described as priceless. learn more about the lnj program and how to apply!


apply now


 


















upcoming seminars 
an introduction to our leadership journey & leadership advancement module 1: how i learn
thursday january 23rd, 2025
via zoom


learn more


 


















upcoming events 




view calendar


 





















what lnj fellows are saying




















 

lead new jersey's been very important in my career in things that i've accomplished…once you join the lnj family, you have lots of potential folks out there to help you, so i have leveraged the contacts and lnj fellows over the years many times. moreover, the program itself, when we tackle each of these big issues facing new jersey or facing society, you get a perspective you didn't have before.

dennis bone
 lnj '92, director, feliciano center for entrepreneurship at montclair state university, retired president and ceo, verizon





what lnj really did is expose me to both a spectrum of people that i probably would not have interacted with otherwise, and i met some other smart people who thought differently than i did. i had no real appreciation for environmental concerns, and i remember [lnj] took us to the pinelands. i saw that pristine water; it was a very peaceful, sacred space, and i remember saying to myself, ‘you know, this really should be preserved.

gwendolyn harris
 lnj ’88, executive director, rand institute for public affairs, rutgers university, camden





i am truly grateful for my participation in lnj.  it is the best leadership program!  lnj has provided value beyond my expectations and has been a key influence on me as a leader in the “for purpose” industry. in my work, i have secured key partnerships with corporations and community organizations that move my organization's mission forward and were made possible because i am an lnj fellow.

denise andersen
lnj ’10, vice president, national kidney foundation, northeast region





lead nj provides a first-rate, interactive education on nj. it understands that knowledge is power and each of its seminars is expertly crafted to provide itsfellows with a 360-degree view of an issue. one of the most impactful seminars for me thus far has been the two days we spent at homefront family campus in ewing learning about the organization’s incredible work to end homelessness in central nj by harnessing the caring, resources, and expertise of the community. spending time at homefront gave me unique perspective and insight i couldn’t have possibly gained from just reading facts or hearing a lecture. i am so grateful to be part of the 2024 class of lead nj.

raquel rivera
lnj ’24, counsel, porzio bromberg &newman





lnj exposed me to a variety of high-impact sectors in new jersey’s policy landscape. this experience was instrumental in my transition from the nonprofit sector to government, helping me develop strong relationships with leaders in my field.

henry gajda
lnj ’21, deputy chief of staff, nj board of public utilities





although 15 years ago, my deeper understanding of the issues facing new jersey and amazing relationships developed during my year (and beyond) continue to shape and benefit me in myriad ways.i am also pleased to report as of this year i have resumed eating peanut butter....go red!

doug schoenberger
lnj’09, government affairs specialist, nj center for nonprofits



 









 












© 2025 lead new jersey
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!














address




174 nassau street, suite 2500princeton, new jersey 08542 










email address




info@leadnj.org 










resources












apply now








member login










socialize














facebook





linkedin





instagram



















 © 2025 lead new jersey.  all rights reserved | site by 
 growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















