



	t2tennis - the flexible way to play!
























atlanta |
 charlotte |
 denver 



				   t2tennis: 127,938 members strong.
  			





home
register
calendar
leagues

women
men
mixed
junior


rules
news
faqs
contact us









            get on ourmailing list: 
            



about the league
t2tennis has something for everyone - women's doubles, men's doubles, mixed doubles, and more. check your city for specific league offerings.

hi everyone, check out the new high school league starting this fall. for those in grades 9th-12th



what is t2tennis?


t2tennis is america’s premier flexible tennis league for women, men, and juniors. it's designed to meet the needs of today’s player's busy lifestyle.
t2tennis combines structured organized league play and flexible scheduling to provide a convenient, fun tennis experience.
join the more than 70,000 tennis players across the usa and play t2tennis.  it’s easy...it’s fun!








flexible format
flexible means you play at times that suit you. and, if playing doubles, you pick your partner.  you’re matched against players at your level and within close proximity to your home court.  
men's...women's...juniors
		doubles...singles...mixed
		t2tennis has a league for you.
click the link for your city's specific leagues and schedules: atlanta, charlotte or denver.

how does t2tennis work?
each regular season consists of 5 matches to be played over 6 weeks.  at the beginning of each season you will receive a schedule with each match opponent clearly identified. you will have one week to play each match with the option of a makeup week.
complete your match, record your scores and then track your season’s progress...all on-line.
when the regular season ends, the playoffs start. if you qualify, you have the option to play a few more weeks of exciting playoff tennis!  and if you reach the final round of playoffs, you are invited to the most popular event of the season... the city finals.






			questions? click here to email us - 
            copyright t2tennis, llc 2002-2021
		




