










home - heidrich's colorado tree farm nursery












































719-598-8733



facebook




instagram




instagram


 





facebook




instagram




instagram



 












retail info

home
plant finder
nursery stock/prices
new arrivals
sales/promotions
planting and delivery
our guarantee
other products
gift cards
christmas trees


wholesale info
faq

faq
bug finder
weed finder
tree guide
ornamental shrubs guide
perennials, groundcovers, & ornamental grass guide
fruit guide


about us

employment


contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 















get the right plants for the right placesit can be difficult to know what to plant.  use our innovative plant finder tool to find the right plant for the right place in your yard.
find the right plant



















 














welcome to heidrich’s colorado tree farm nursery
heidrich’s is a family owned and operated nursery located in colorado springs, colorado.
at heidrich’s colorado tree farm nursery, we strive to provide you with value, beauty, and peace of mind when you purchase plants from our nursery, or even when you stop by to say hello. we want you to be successful with your plants so they provide you with a lifetime of enjoyment and beauty. we also want to provide you with a level of service that seems to get overlooked in this day and age. so if you have time stop by and say hello, come see what sets us apart. who knows, you might find that perfect tree or plant for your yard. see you soon!




partner organizations









our nursery











nursery stock

at heidrich’s colorado tree farm nursery we carry a wide range of trees, shrubs, perennials, and ornamental grasses we know will thrive at the elevation, climate, and soils where it will be planted. we rely on over 40 years of experience to find the very best for you!
check out our plant finder to browse and search plants that will do great in our trying climate.


search our plants!















hard goods
as heidrich’s colorado tree farm nursery has grown we have expanded our line of the best fertilizers, soil amendments, chemicals, planting supplies, and tools that you need to keep your landscaping looking great. we have narrowed the selection to the products we know work, saving you time and money.   

learn more







planting & delivery services
do you need assistance getting your new trees and plants home?  we can help! we work closely with several independent contractors who we have trained to plant trees and other plant material to our specifications. they will pick up your trees and plants and deliver/plant them for you. sit back and let them take the hard work out of beautifying your yard.  

learn more















give the gift that lasts a lifetime!
gift cards for the dollar amount of your choice can be purchased anytime. if you’re buying as a gift we can mail the gift card directly to the recipient or to you. gift cards can be used for anything in the nursery, but not for delivery/planting service.
this is a wonderful way to give something that will leave a legacy!

learn more







landscaping projects
here we will post pictures of some of the projects we have been a part of. over time we hope this will become a place to come for inspiration and to enjoy other beautiful landscapes. if you have a landscape that you are proud of contact us today and we would love to share it! while we do not provide a full landscape service, we will help you select the right trees and plants for the right places. if you come by bring some pictures and rough measurements so we can better assist you. if you need to go a step further we can refer you to some very talented and knowledgeable landscape designers/companies base on your needs. we are happy to help!








  

levi’s old house




  

the marcella home, falcon colorado






 








mission statement we’re a nursery family that is excited to grow with our community by creating a remarkable experience and providing beautiful resilient plants produced for our harsh environment.

nursery hours winter hours – january & february weather permitting.
closed tuesday january 28th for the progreen expo
retail hours
monday-friday 9am-4pm
saturday 9am-4pm
closed on sunday
wholesale hours
monday-friday 8am-4:00pm
saturday 9am-1pm
closed on sunday
the nursery is closed on easter, memorial day, independence day, labor day, thanksgiving, and for two weeks around christmas and new years.

get in touch 
heidrich's colorado tree farm nursery
7440 templeton gap rd. 
colorado springs, co 80923
phone: 719-598-tree (8733)

 






facebook




instagram




instagram


designed by marketing garden llc  

 
 
 
























×
we try hard to supply all of the trees/shrubs/perennials/etc you will find here, but our perfect plant tool is intended to be used as a research and planning tool.  enjoy!
find the right plant





