



home

















home

visitor info

hours and admission
vip guided tours
faq
library pass program
employment



events

calendar of events

host an event
book a wedding



snowshoeing

daytime snowshoeing
candlelight snowshoeing



group info

schools
scouts / homeschool / summer camps
bus tours
group availability
educational tools


alpacas
mobile app
tickets















what is america's stonehenge?

	  built by a native american culture or a migrant european population? no one knows for sure. a maze of man-made chambers, walls 
	  and ceremonial meeting places, at over 4,000 years old america's stonehenge is most likely the oldest man-made construction in the united states.
	  

	  like stonehenge in england, america's stonehenge was built by ancient people well versed in astronomy and stone construction. it has been 
	  determined that the site is an accurate astronomical calendar. it was, and still can be, used to determine specific solar and lunar events of 
	  the year. 
	  

	  various inscriptions have been found throughout the site including ogham, phoenician and iberian punic script. dr. barry fell of harvard 
	  university did extensive work on the inscriptions found at the site. they are detailed in his book america b.c.
	  















«
»


orientation film

		all visitors are invited to watch the 11-minute introductory film before touring the site. if you wish to watch the film before your 
		visit, you may do so here.
	  



frequently asked questions

are pets allowed on the site?
		due to the alpacas that we keep on site, and for insurance reasons, we unfortunately cannot allow even the most well-behaved pets. 
		please use our lower parking lot to exercise any leashed pets traveling with you. although there are some shaded areas in our parking lot, 
		it is recommended that you try to leave pets at home on hot days as the tour generally takes at least one hour.
		service dogs that have been specifically trained to aid a disabled person may accompany their 
		handler on the tour, provided that they remain leashed at all times.
		
is photography allowed at the site?
		yes, photography is permitted for non-commercial use. for further information, please read our photo policy.

what is the trail like?
		the trail is on a gradual incline with some uneven rocky terrain. the length of the trail is 1/2 mile, and most visitors spend roughly one 
		hour touring the site.
		
is the trail stroller friendly?
		for families with small children, we recommend a backpack carrier rather than a stroller.
		
is the site handicap accessible?
		the visitor center and gift shop are handicap accessible. however, due to uneven and rocky terrain, visitors with mobility restrictions 
		may find the trail to the site to be quite challenging.
		
is it a guided tour?
		we offer both guided and self-guided tours!
		        during the self-guided tour, visitors are shown a twelve-minute introductory video and given maps that explain all the features of the site. 
		the tour guide app can also be downloaded for free on the app store 
		and the google play store, 
		which includes much more detailed information than the paper map, as well as an audio tour.
		        guided tours are offered by appointment. you can reserve your spot 
		by calling us at (603) 893-8300, or emailing us at info@stonehengeusa.com. 
		details and pricing for the guided tours can be found here!
	  



upcoming events

site trail conditions
			snow-covered. winter boots are recommended.
	    


snowshoe trail conditions
			good! snowshoe trails are open with about six inches of fresh powder.
	    
featured programs


guided tours
				now back by popular demand, we are once again offering private vip guided tours! 
				details»


open every day!

 













		physical address: 105 haverhill road, salem, new hampshire 03079
		mailing address: p.o. box 84, north salem, new hampshire 03073
		e-mail: info@stonehengeusa.com | phone: (603) 893-8300
	

return policy
		  |   
		service dogs
		  |  
		disclaimer




we accept all major credit cards:

in partnership with breathe new hampshire
			improving lung health since 1916.

			the breathe new hampshire fun pass book admits one child free with the purchase of an adult ticket.
in partnership with mcauliffe-shepard discovery center
		    we bring the universe to you!

		    america's stonehenge members receive free admission to the mcauliffe-shepard discovery center galleries (excludes special events and planetarium shows) during the month of september (open friday-sunday). 
			mcauliffe-shepard members receive free admission to america's stonehenge during the month of september with no exclusions (open daily).
		



