

fitness programs - sprint cardio exercise from ready set go fitness
















                featured in
award-winning 
                cardio bikes, ellipticals & 
                treadmills 
                






created 
                by xp-web-buttons.com


 




 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


created by xp-web-buttons.com



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



detective 
              captain mickey miller tracked his results 
              for 12 weeks
 


 

"it 
              seemed as i got older, positive results were impossible to achieve, 
              impossible that is, until i began following the step-by-step ready 
              set go fitness program. it has changed my life both physically 
              and mentally!"  - detective captain mickey miller, metropolitan 
              nashville police
**(results 
              may vary)


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






  
                    vision fitness 
an award-winning home fitness 
                    equipment company -  now features phil 
                    campbell's cardio "sprint 8" program on their fitness 
                    bikes, elliptical trainers & treadmills.


"i 
                    purchased the vision fitness recumbent bike (2200 hrt) with 
                    the sprint 8 workout on it and i am extremely happy with it 
                    and so is my wife!" -david grapka, albany, ny
**(results 
                    may vary) 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 





“i have read every book on training for triathlons, but it was 
              not until i started doing the ready set go fitness program 
              that i started to reach my full potential as an age-group triathlete.” 
              
              - dr. tim berry*, family physician and triathlete**(results 
              may vary)

 
dr. tim berry, 
              family physician, and dr. debra berry, pediatrician, after a triathlon


note: research 
              shows that the fastest 10k runners were also the fastest over 40 
              meters. this book shows you how to increase and strengthen your 
              fast-twitch muscle fiber. 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
  
 

oprah's 
              o magazine  
        calls this program
the fastest working workout

self magazine  recommends phil campbell's 
        cardio program to
 "blast fat fast, even on the busiest day."



featured 
          in  
 





"campbell's 
                book will become the next health & fitness bestseller" 
                
                - joanna danema, top 10 reviewer **(results may vary)
"you 
                will not be able to put this book down."
                -thomas woodrow, about.com                **(results 
                may vary) 













 
                      2nd edition
 


"i was amazed at the results i achieved in body flexibility, 
                    strength and endurance. this fitness plan is  practical, 
                    scientifically-based and meets my goals for good 
                    health now and into the future."  - dr. keith williams*, 
                    obstetrics & gynecology
**(results 
                    may vary)

“i love this book 
                    - it’s brilliant - very readable - 
                    and it  all makes sense!”  -dickon weir-hughes*, 
                    deputy ceo, royal marsden hospitals london, uk**(results 
                    may vary)

"5 stars, superbly presented
                    profusely illustrated
practical and effective
                    highly recommended!"
- midwest book reviews 
                    **(results may vary)
                    300 photo-illustrations 
                    384-pages   $19.95
 









                          see phil campbell's new book here


 






                      sprint 8 cardio protocol shows 
                      readers sprint-intensity cardio targeting exercise-induced 
                      growth hormone to create a new you with more energy. 
                      a new you with improved cardiovascular fitness. a new you 
                      with less body fat, more muscle and stronger bones. a new 
                      you with enhanced optimism. and a new you with better health.  


free 
              shipping
when 
              ordering both phil campbell books 


"best 
        fitness book i've ever read.  when a woman requires using this medicine
        this book is filled with detail and explanations 
        that will be interesting and helpful to all levels of people. whether 
        you're looking to get in shape, loose weight, take your fitness routine 
        to the next level, gain more strength, endurance or speed this book covers 
        it all. the many illustrations make it easy to understand what the text 
        is referring to. i really like the "total" approach suggested by this book. it 
        addresses stretching, diet, strength training, speed and agility and much 
        more. well thought out and researched. a must have for anyone wanting 
        to lead a healthier happier life regardless of your age or what shape 
        you're in. - stuart f. scudder **(results 
        may vary)


phil campbell's sprint 
          8 research here




"the 
            information in it is unbelievably good...one 
            of the best fitness books i've read...a classic. i'm very happy that i found it. it's a great resource.
              - n. north **(results 
                may vary) 
"i've 
                read a lot of books in my life, but your fitness book is one of 
                only 10 or so that has had a very influential impact on my life. 
                i'm lucky i found it." - mike rabe**(results 
                  may vary)
recommendation 
              from telonauts here

"great 
              information. i have used body-for-life for several years. this 
                book uses research to explain the science and goes further to specify 
                sound approaches. main enhancements for me were the understanding 
                  of fast twitch muscles and how to 
                    excercise them for even greater 
                  overall fitness results - and natural production of hgh."- 
                    robert ryder*, harrisburg pa**(results 
                      may vary)



"i've 
                read your book twice now and i need to congratulate you  on one of the best books available for understanding what really happens when you train." - nasa consultant, jim warren, president, team america health 
                  & fitness, inc.& exer-genie 
                    training systems **(results 
                      may vary)
"i just wanted to tell you how much i am enjoying your book and your 
                philosophy about exercise. it makes so much sense and i 
                can see using it to supplement and/or replace our current approach 
                to working with many...if not all....clients." - 
                  deborah tregea m.ed*, senior exercise physiologist university 
                    fitness center, penn state hershey medical center**(results 
                      may vary)
recommendation 
                from dr mercola  here
"i now understand why even the best diet and regular weight 
                lifting weren't working. with a few tweaks to my workout program (and no more time involvement),  i have twice 
                  the energy and feel more toned than i've felt in a 
                long time." -nan allison*, ms, rd, author of full 
                  and fulfilled **(results 
                    may vary)


book 
                      review
by 
                          anthony yniguez*, "mr. why" catholic school principal 
                          azusa, ca
this 
                        is an excellent fitness book. it is both well researched 
                        and well written. what makes this book so good is the fact that if you follow 
                          the program the author is outlining, then you will cover 
                          every aspect of fitness that is important, the author does 
                          not leave anything out. from weightlifting, to cardio, to 
                          stretching, to anaerobic interval style training, everything 
                          is present in this program. i have read many other books 
                          that make an argument that weightlifting is essential, but 
                          leave out how to integrate cardio work. some books emphasize 
                          cardio, but leave out the short "sprint" style 
                          interval training that is so important to overall fitness. this plan covers everything! 
"best 
                        fitness book i've ever read. this book is filled with 
                        detail and explanations that will be interesting and helpful 
                        to all levels of people. whether you're looking to get in 
                        shape, loose weight, take your fitness routine to the next 
                        level, gain more strength, endurance or speed this book 
                        covers it all. the many illustrations make it easy to understand 
                        what the text is referring to. 
                        i really like the "total" approach suggested by 
                        this book. it addresses stretching, diet, strength training, 
                        speed and agility and much more. 
                        well thought out and researched. a must have for anyone 
                        wanting to lead a healthier happier life regardless of your 
                        age or what shape you're in. - stuart f. scudder**(results 
                          may vary)


"i could be a spokesperson for you!                this has literally changed my entire 
                life!
i have lost 130 pounds ! thank 
                you!!!" - debbie gross, delaware **(results 
                  may vary)
phil 
                campbell's sprint 8 research study here
"i read 
                the book twice and love the illustrations, the motivation, and 
                the research that you share.i read lots of books on exercise, 
                nutrition, and diabetes in particular. your 
                  book is at the top of my motivational reading!" - darrell denman, wi**(results 
                    may vary)




"phil 
                      campbell's book, ready, set, go synergy fitness is 
                      a concise, well researched, practical program for people 
                      of all ages. after following the level 2 program for 8 weeks, my total cholesterol dropped from 
                        221 to 157.  i highly recommend this book to 
                      my patients, and they receive reproducible results." 
                      - chet gentry, md, family physician* -full story here **(results 
                        may vary)


"after 
                not quite 3 months on your program, i've now burned about 19 pounds 
                of fat, added about 4 pounds of muscle, and cut body fat by almost 
                6 percent. my cholesterol dropped 70 points!"- 
                  terry bazyluk*, writer/lawyer, maryland **(results 
                    may vary)


book 
                      review by dwayne hines, ii, cpt*



 this 
                                                book is a total departure from the traditional 
                                                approach to fat loss? 
phil campbell’s blockbuster new book, ready, 
                                                set, go! synergy fitness takes an effective 
                                                stab at the prevailing wisdom in the fitness world. ready, set, go! synergy fitness is a 
                                                  radical new approach to shaping the 
                                                ultimate physique. it contains the program for 
                                                drastically changing your body for the better. 
                                                the book is also full of various weight training 
                                                exercises, plyometric training routines, sprinting 
                                                and stretching exercises to provide the body with 
                                                a total package. the book contains over 380 pages 
                                                and sells for $19.95 in most major stores.**(results 
                                                  may vary)









"i couldn't put it down. if you 
                have reached a plateau, phil campbell's book may be exactly what 
                you need to pump up your fitness routine. even if you don't know 
                the first thing about exercise, this book 
                  will help you map out a fitness plan."- renee kennedy**(results 
                    may vary) 
"campbell 
                brings scientific proof to readers in a clear and concise way, 
                explaining clinical studies on nutrition, energy production and 
                exercise - showing how his program makes sense, why it works.- 
                  marilyn demartini, national fitness magazine writer **(results 
                    may vary)  see 
                      table of contents here
see 
                phil campbell interviewed about sprint 8 cardio
                on colorado & company denver channel 9 here  (windows media player)
i am truly amazed at the results in such a short period of time and i have just barely scratched the surface. i have lost 
                about 15 lbs; my resting pulse rate has slowed 20% and i feel 
                better physically and mentally." - wayne key*, chiropractor 
                  - see full story here **(results 
                    may vary)

"love 
                your book. i bought it for my kids, my in-laws and have recommended 
                it on exercise sites. you've made something difficult seem simple. 
                it's really made a difference in my life."- karen kay**(results 
                  may vary)


"your 
                      knowledge of physiology, biomechanics, and training technique 
                      is impressive. i am most impressed with your application 
                      of these principles in what is a truly remarkable, creative, 
                      and innovative way." - dr. john e midtling*, professor 
                        and chairman - dept of family medicine, university of tennessee 
                        memphis **(results 
                          may vary)


"if 
                you're looking for a new approach to 
                  slashing body fat, increasing lean muscle mass & taking your fitness to a new level, then get this 
                book!"-mandy 
                gibbons*, australia virtualfitnesstrainer **(results 
                  may vary)
different 
                ways to do sprint 8 here


"scientifically 
                    researched and effective fitness strategies to maximize 
                    exercise-induced growth hormone. complete with hundreds 
                      of exercise photographs, sound nutritional advice, 
                    fitness plans for 5 different levels of fitness, this book is 
                    rock solid, ...just like phil campbell's build. here's someone 
                    that practices what he preaches."-stefan 
                      angheli*, cscs, healthfitness.com.au, 
                      australia **(results 
                        may vary) 




"ready, 
                    set, go fitness explains why so many people start exercising, don't see results 
                    and give up. this program is easy to understand, has transformed 
                    people of all fitness levels and ages, and is supported 
                      by more scientific research than i've seen in any 
                    fitness book."- vera tweed, la **(results 
                      may vary)

"phil 
                      campbell is not trying to sell you anything except a longer, 
                      healthier life. a terrific concept, easy read, and a welcomed addition to a 
                      health and fitness library filled with more style than substance. this is the real deal."  - keith murphy*, nbc sports director, des moines **(results 
                        may vary)
**testimonials 
                    are individual experiences reflecting personal experiences 
                    of those who have used our information and programs. results 
                      may vary. more info on disclaimer here









featured 
              in




  


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



allan 
              white tracked his results with the ready set go fitness program 
              for eight weeks



“the 
                  ready set go fitness program really works! 
              i was able to add new muscle faster than ever before while shedding 
          bodyfat at an unprecedented rate. i’m 
              a personal fitness trainer and have all my clients do this program 
              because it works, and it works for everyone.” 
              - alan white
              **(results may vary)

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



"my 
              fit campers love phil and his book is the bible of fit camp. his 
              program can take you to the next stage of fitness regardless of 
              your current fitness level." - greta blackburn*, editor, 
              ms. fitness magazine and founder of greta blackburn’s fitcamps
**(results 
              may vary)

experience motivational 
              presentations and group training sessions by phil campbell during 
              greta blackburn's fit camps. 
              more info here 


 





about 
              the author
              phil campbell
 here 
              on you tube 




 
 
  
 





   payment processing 
 


 
 
 
 
 



see 
        our privacy & secure shopping policy here



plans 
            info here 
            


 
 
  


 
 
 
 



