






santa cruz guitar company |





















































 














home
the guitars

guitar models

baritone
dreadnought
f models
h models
om/ooo models
slope-shouldered dreadnought
small-bodied
true acoustic bass


custom options photo gallery
design your own
just shipped
learn more about our guitars

what’s our secret
warranty registration
care & feeding
date your guitar, or find custom specs
testimonials
frequently asked questions




the team

domestic dealers
international dealers


the players

signature artists
featured artists
hostetter tribute project
tony rice tribute


parabolic tension strings
plek service
media

articles & reviews
tour the shop

photo tour of the shop
schedule a shop tour


videos

#mysantacruzguitar
inside santa cruz guitar company
scgc player’s forum podcast
scgc reviews and demos
workshops with richard hoover
scgc anniversary concerts
namm show videos


join the forum
newsletter signup
social feed / blog


contact us
my account
shop
dealer portal
 








select page


  
 



 



 































welcome to santa cruz guitar company

 







founded in 1976, the santa cruz guitar company brought boutique guitar making to the forefront of the steel string guitar business.  richard hoover invites you to watch this short film by lr baggs, which documents the culture of scgc’s small production lutherie and mission to provide musicians with exceptional instruments that truly change the world.









































the scgc story

 








a true custom shop








just shipped

 










find a dealer

 








virtual shop tour

 








the players

 










plek machine








find us on social media

 








join the forum

 








wearables & accessories
get the latest gear from santa cruz guitar company







the latest from scgc





comments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons
load more







she is a stunner. tuned her up to pitch and i don’t know how to say this. she has made every other guitar in my collection weep. i own some mighty fine instruments, two of your oms, a collings om, a bourgeois d vintage heirloom, a huss and dalton td-r. this 1934 d feels and sounds like it’s in a class of its own.  i am so grateful to your shop’s attention to detail and craftsmanship. i’ve played a few brazilian backed guitars in the past (martin, taylor and bourgeois) and can appreciate the tonal difference between brazilian and east indian rosewood. brazilian just sounds so much sweeter, has a more balanced sound, and more controlled and pleasing overtones than east indian. however none of the other brazilian guitars inspired me to pay the extra money for them, and those guitars were half the price of the 1934 d. santa cruz isn’t just using brazilian rosewood in the 1934d, they’re using the real deal old growth brazilian. “the good stuff” as they say. this guitar took the positives i heard from the other brw guitars, and turned up the dial to 11. this is truly a lifer. heirloom quality both in aesthetics and in sound. what is amazing is that this was just finished by your shop earlier this year, so it’s “the worst it is ever going to sound” right now, and it’s already the best guitar i’ve ever played. it will only open up and sound more amazing in the years to come!



 
carlo medina
10/1/21




santa cruz coffee break: the monthly podcast with richard hoover, hosted by tad laird & richard newman







followfollow

find us on facebook & instagram



 











rss


 




santa cruz guitar company




































 


