





































    green lake property owners association | spicer, mn
  














            




       home



  about us


   board of directors



  board minutes



  committees



  green lake breeze





  about the lake


   lake news



  lake events



  lake history



  photo gallery





  tackle box


   lost and found



  classifieds



  directory update



  photo gallery





  membership


   membership fee



  membership payment



  directory update





  glpoa


   zebra mussels



  sewer and water



  lake vegetation



  sheriffs patrol





  contact



  store








   
  

membership renewal





 





         


  
green lake property owners association    asset 1
  








    green lake weather





   

welcome! the purpose of the green lake property owners association is to promote the improvement of green lake and its adjacent properties. membership is encouraged and open to property owners on green lake and all individuals and businesses interested in preserving and protecting green lake.-------------------------------------------notice: upcoming hearingto glpoa members:a public hearing has been scheduled by the middle fork crow river watershed district to discuss the purchase of a nano bubbler for diamond lake.its purpose is to improve water quality by increasing dissolved oxygen levels in the lake. the cost of the equipment is approximately $1 million dollars. the proposal is to have all watershed residents share this cost which amounts to a 20% increase in the “watershed” portion of your property taxes for 7 years.**please feel free to share this with your neighbors both on and off the lake. public hearing: 
6:30 pmtuesday, november 12, 2024dethlef center, spicer, mn-------------------------------------------update: 
the glpoa has contracted to treat eurasian water milfoil, aquatic invasive species in 2024. see our facebook page or the september 2024 green lake breeze newsletter for more information.



   
protecting the water quality of green lake


   
  


what's new   

view event calendar


 
   




board minutes   

view new minutes


 
  











view classifieds   

see the listings




     paper_plane
  




join our newsletter sign up and stay up to date about what's happening on green lake.  
   

 opt-in
   i agree to recieve the electronic glpoa newsletter.








thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later










      questions or concerns? feel free to contact us!
   

contact us




    


  
  






    


 website developed and hosted by lake area tech

   © 2025 
all rights reserved | glopa.




















































































































  
  share by:








