



	the scrapping cottage - where cottagecutz are always blooming





























  



 
 
 
 

 
 




 company info        contact us       customer login        view cart      blog     faqs        
the art of paper crafting made easy for scrapbooking, card-making and morespecializing in cottagecutz die-cutting designs.  great products.  great prices.  great service. 
                        click customer login to view "wish lists"







































lil bluebird designslil bluebird designs - alllil bluebird designs dieslil bluebird designs stampsoverstockgift certificates ($)cottagecutzcottagecutz - accessoriescottagecutz retiredcottagecutz - allcottagecutz by sizecottagecutz 3x4cottagecutz 4x4cottagecutz 4x6cottagecutz 4x8cottagecutz 4x9cottagecutz 5x7cottagecutz alphabetscottagecutz basicscottagecutz borderscottagecutz elitescottagecutz expressionscottagecutz expressions pluscottagecutz expressions w/ shadowcottagecutz miniscottagecutz petitescottagecutz stamp & diecottagecutz by themecottagecutz black friday 2023cottagecutz alphabetscottagecutz animalscottagecutz arctic animalscottagecutz australian friendscottagecutz autumncottagecutz babycottagecutz baseball & golfcottagecutz basicscottagecutz beach & tropicalcottagecutz bella springcottagecutz birdscottagecutz birthdaycottagecutz campin outcottagecutz campingcottagecutz christmascottagecutz circuscottagecutz classic fiftiescottagecutz country farmcottagecutz critterscottagecutz eastercottagecutz expressionscottagecutz expressions pluscottagecutz expressions w/ shadowcottagecutz fallcottagecutz farmcottagecutz filigree & doilycottagecutz flourish & flowerscottagecutz flowerscottagecutz folk artcottagecutz gardeningcottagecutz get wellcottagecutz halloweencottagecutz harvestcottagecutz home sweet homecottagecutz huntingcottagecutz in the forestcottagecutz in the woodscottagecutz july 4thcottagecutz just for guyscottagecutz lights, camera, actioncottagecutz llamas & botanicalcottagecutz magical fantasycottagecutz magical gardencottagecutz mother's daycottagecutz nauticalcottagecutz on the farmcottagecutz patrioticcottagecutz petitescottagecutz petscottagecutz pirates & sea creaturescottagecutz rise & shinecottagecutz safaricottagecutz slimlinecottagecutz springcottagecutz springtimecottagecutz stamp & diecottagecutz stitchescottagecutz strawberries & beescottagecutz sweet lovecottagecutz sweet treatscottagecutz tea timecottagecutz this n thatcottagecutz tropicalcottagecutz valentinescottagecutz victoriancottagecutz vintagecottagecutz weddingcottagecutz winter








over 1,000 cottagecutz designs to choose from...   
   


 lil' bluebird designs


    tap or click images to shop
click image below to see cottagecutz folk art release video

 




















           




          
 
         
 






   


              


    


  



learning center - watch the videoslearn how to use cottagecutz metal dies

  

click image to see video's on cottagecutz


    
   











join email list













for email marketing you can trust
                  
what a few of our customers are saying about cottagecutz:"i just wanted to say....oh my goodness....the dies you released today are absolutely adorable, over the top! i could not love them more. thank you so very much for the package discount deal option, because of that i clicked buy in a heartbeat! i am incredibly thankful for your company and the many long hours and hard work you put in to making it successful and run. i get so many compliments on the cards i send and show to others. thank you for offering repeated sales and product too fun to pass up."

             -- michelle

"i received my order of the newest christmas cottagecutz yesterday and included was the set of mini dies.  thank you so very much!  i love all of them and am excited to use them on my christmas cards and pages.  the cottagecutz are my favorite dies and i am glad they are from your store.  you have great service and are so nice to work with.  i hope you had a nice thanksgiving and wish you a happy holiday season. thank you again."
             -- sharon

"i am definitely not an artist by any stretch of the imagination but your dies are so wonderfully creative and detailed that it makes me feel like i have accomplished a good project. my relatives think i'm special when in reality anyone can do it with these dies. and it's not just the halloween release - i have been making myself a sample book of all the dies i own (can't wait to do my november dies from you!) for inspiration when i'm stuck and i'm consistently amazed how well the cottagecutz look when they're all put together. each release continues to wow me. i can't say enough about how much i love them! of all the dies out there, cottagecutz continue to be my #1 favorite."  
              -- rita n."thank you for including all six of the mini-dies with my order!!  i love each of them.  i just want you to know that cottagecutz dies never disappoint.... and without a doubt, they are the best designed dies anywhere. thanks again!  i look forward to your next release."               -- alice m.

















international customers please click here for shipping update 









copyright 2002 - 2025 the scrapping cottage, inc. all rights reserved. the scrapping cottage and lil' bluebird designs are trademarks of the scrapping cottage, inc. cottagecutz is a registered trademark of the scrapping cottage, inc. all other products and names belong to their respective owners. prices, specifications and availability subject to change without notice.





 

















email address:





password:

remember me







create an account
forgot password?



















































					your cart is empty.










 


















