































sport medicine centre | university of calgary











      skip to main content
    

















search









toggle toolbox


























search















my ucalgary


webmail


it


d2l


iriss


archibus






hr


library


go dinos


class schedule


ucalgary directory


continuing education


careers


bookstore


active living


academic calendar


ucalgary maps



                          faculty websites 




close faculty websites list




viewing: faculty websites


cumming school of medicine


faculty of arts


faculty of graduate studies


faculty of kinesiology


faculty of law


faculty of nursing


faculty of nursing (qatar)


faculty of science


faculty of social work


faculty of veterinary medicine


haskayne school of business


school of architecture, planning and landscape


school of public policy


schulich school of engineering


werklund school of education

























toggle navigation





sport medicine centre 



about


about


about



joint health information


research





services


services


services



athletic therapy


clinical psychology


massage therapy


nutrition


orthopedic surgeons


physiotherapy


sport medicine physicians


vestibular physiotherapy





clinics


clinics


clinics



acute knee injury clinic


acute sport concussion clinic


acute sport injury clinic


knee osteoarthritis clinic


shoulder care access project clinic





team


team


team



massage therapist


athletic therapists


clinical psychologist


non-physician experts


nutritionists


orthopedic surgeons team


physiotherapists


sport medicine physician team





patient info


contact










 
















university of calgary sport medicine centre
services for the campus and community
 

















                                                ucalgary sport medicine centre
              




the sport medicine centre has been at the hub of evidence-based research and clinical practice since becoming established in the faculty of kinesiology at the university of calgary during the 1988 winter olympic games. 












physiotherapy 
physiotherapy can help you restore, maintain and maximize your strength, function, movement and well-being.  



                      see a physiotherapist 
                    






nutrition 
a registered dietitian can assess your dietary intake and identify areas where you can make changes to meet your dietary and health goals.



                      see a dietitian 
                    






clinical psychology 
clinical psychologists are skilled in providing support and tools to help clients address mental health challenges, improving their function.



                      see a clinical psychologist 
                    






acute knee injury clinic
akic can quickly and accurately evaluate and diagnose knee injuries that may need further treatment, management, diagnostic testing or surgical intervention.



                      learn more
                    






acute sport injury clinic 
asic can help you with an injury that occurred while doing a sport or exercise activity. you can access specialist-level care without needing a referral from another healthcare provider.



                      learn more 
                    






shoulder clinic
the shoulder clinic can help you quickly and accurately assess shoulder pain that may need further treatment or a surgical referral.



                      learn more 
                    
























                                                contact us
              


















sport medicine physicians:  403-220-8518
physiotherapy:  403-220-8232
orthopedic surgeons:  403-220-5077
fax:  403-282-6170
university of calgary sport medicine centre
376 collegiate blvd nw
calgary, ab t2n1a4
parking:
parking lot 16 (in yellow) is next to the sport medicine centre. visitors must pay for hourly parking through the parking meters located at each ends of the lot.
daily parking is also available in lot 10 & 11 (in blue) on the map. the daily parking fee is $9 paid at the meters located within the lots.
did you know you can pay for parking with your smartphone? download the app.





contact us
follow us on facebook 










































              pay for parking with your smartphone and skip the parking station. 
                              download the app


























sport medicine centre

contacts
















































website terms & conditions
privacy policy
website feedback




                          university of calgary
              2500 university drive nw
              calgary alberta t2n 1n4
              canada
                      

                          copyright © 2025
                      



the university of calgary, located in the heart of southern alberta, both acknowledges and pays tribute
            to the traditional territories of the peoples of treaty 7, which include the blackfoot confederacy
            (comprised of the siksika, the piikani, and the kainai first nations), the tsuut’ina first nation,
            and the stoney nakoda (including chiniki, bearspaw, and goodstoney first nations). the city of calgary
            is also home to the métis nation of alberta (districts 5 and 6).
the university of calgary is situated on land northwest of where the bow river meets the elbow river,
            a site traditionally known as moh’kins’tsis to the blackfoot, wîchîspa to the stoney nakoda, and
            guts’ists’i to the tsuut’ina. on this land and in this place we strive to learn together, walk
            together, and grow together “in a good way.”











