








index











triangle goose control, inc.
border collie service. 
raleigh, nc
919-961-8280
 sheila@nogeese.com
 

 
no harm no
fowl!
 
 
 
the environmentally friendly, goose friendly
answer to the problem of nuisance canada geese.
 
 
we provide humane control of
canada goose populations on corporate properties. we have the only locally
owner operated full time goose control company in the triangle. we only use
border collies. we will not try to sell you fences, plastic predators,
noisemakers, chemicals and other useless, ineffective products. the only thing
that works over the long haul is a border collie. give us a call for a free
evaluation. we provide service to raleigh, cary, chapel
 hill, durham and
other areas in and near the triangle. we do not provide service or to other
areas or states. (please do not call if you are looking for a home for your
border collie or want advice on how to train your dog.)
 
·      
12 month contracts available.
·      
no dog sales.
·      
no sub-contractors. locally owner operated.
·      
corporate references available.
·      
service available in raleigh, rtp, cary and other local areas.
·      
safe, natural, effective.
·      
free on site assessment of your needs.
·      
we use only cgc certified border collies for safety and off leash
control. 
·      
we never use hunting or retrieving breeds for the safety of the geese.
·      
we offer a fast response time and emergency service.
·      
fully insured.
·      
we schedule visits to your property five days per week
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
if you
are looking for a proven method of controlling nuisance geese on corporate or
residential property without the use of useless gimmicks such as noisemakers, ugly
fences, “scare” devices, or dangerous and ineffective chemicals look no
further. we provide humane, safe, natural and effective goose control using
specially trained border collies.
 
 the most effective way to humanely control the
goose population on your property is to introduce a “predator” into the
environment. since it is not practical (or safe) to reintroduce wolves, coyotes
and foxes into commercial and residential areas, specially trained dogs are the
natural answer. geese are “hard wired” to fear foxes and wolves. unlike other
breeds of dogs, border collies look and act like the natural predators geese
fear most. border collies have a predatory crouch, stalk and stare that they
use to move livestock. they creep over the ground silently which panics geese.
while the dogs mean no harm, these mannerisms are very unnerving to geese and
they soon move on to a “predator” free environment. 
 
border collie harassment programs can save you
hundreds or thousands of dollars in landscape repair and sidewalk cleanup. they
can discourage flocks of any size and work on land and in water. generally a
sharp decrease in the size of your flock will be seen in just a few days to a
few weeks after the commencement of service. with continued harassment all
geese will eventually move on. however, if you have property that attracts
geese (green grass and a pond) you will always have geese trying to move in. we
visit your property five days a week year round to discourage “new” geese from
moving in and taking over.
 
l
if you have a pond on your property it is
no problem because our dogs are trained to swim after geese!
 
our dogs are strong expert swimmers and relentless until the geese take
to the air.
 
geese
that are harassed on a regular schedule by border collies will seek a safer
place to live and raise their young. our border collies do not actually want to
hurt geese. their job is to drive geese away. our dogs never have physical
contact with geese. using a trained border collie to drive off geese is a very
efficient and natural way to solve the problem of nuisance geese. our border
collies work silently. this minimizes the chance of distracting or irritating
your clients, employees or tenants. we will bring our border collies onto your
site and they will quietly drive away your geese while being supervised and
directed on or off leash by us. no birds will be harmed. this method is peta
(people for the ethical treatment of animals) approved and is the safest and
most natural way to discourage nuisance geese. it is also considered humane and
effective control by the coalition to prevent the destruction of canada geese. we will visit your site and
assess your needs free of charge.
 

one of our dogs smiling after clearing a
pond of canada geese. 
 
 
 
 

our dogs are tireless workers on
land or in the water. but they are harmless and love all living things. 

one is also an excellent driver!
 

this goose is saying “back off or else!”
 
 
 
why discourage geese from living on
commercial property?
 
geese graze
on lawns and quickly destroy beautifully landscaped property while producing a
pound or more of waste per day per goose. it does not take long for a flock of
geese to ruin beautifully landscaped property. goose manure is unsightly, messy
and can pose health risks as well. it is important to discourage even a small
flock of geese from living on your property. small groups quickly become large
groups as they call in more geese that are passing through the area. this goose
is offering an aggressive stance. geese can become quite aggressive and
dangerous, especially if fed or during nesting season.
 
photos
below show sequence of a woman and her child being attacked while trying to
feed a wild goose. these photos are taken from video tape and are poor quality
but well worth sharing. notice how the goose goes straight for the woman’s face
beating her head with his wings and knocking her to the ground. people have
been seriously injured trying to feed or otherwise interfere with wild geese.
wild geese are intelligent and territorial. they are very protective of their
family group and territories. they can live 25 years or more in the wild and do
not need a handout. please do not try to make pets out if them. once they lose
their fear they become a danger to themselves and others. please respect
wildlife!
  

 
 
 
if you like to see geese on
your property or at your place of business please read the following:
there are several
reasons why, for the safety of geese, it is important to discourage them from making
their home on corporate, residential or commercial property. it is unnatural
for wild geese to congregate on one spot for excessively long periods of time. canada geese have a hard time resisting the goose
nirvana created by mowing and fertilizing grass and stay in these areas for
unnaturally long periods of time. geese eat grass and consider fertilized grass
goose candy. we have further invited them to move in and stay by removing all
natural predators and wooded areas (which geese avoid) and providing runoff
ponds for shelter. this attractive but unhealthy setting is often made even
more attractive by people hand feeding geese junk food. this causes geese to
lose all fear of man and can result in aggressive geese that chase people and
try to bully them into dropping anything they are carrying. i feel that a fed
goose is a dead goose because it loses its natural fear of man and its ability
or desire to provide food for itself.
 
geese that stay in
one spot for a long time create problems for themselves in other ways. first of
all they stop migrating. canada geese are federally protected under the
migratory bird act. they can only be hunted during a short hunting season. many
argue now that the once endangered but now prolific giant canada goose, (the bird
most often found on corporate, residential and commercial properties) is no
longer a migrating bird and should no longer be protected. i don’t have to tell
you what kind of bad news that would be for giant canada geese. geese that do
not migrate or pond hop in a natural fashion tend to inbreed. the offspring of
these birds can have birth defects and low resistance to disease. also, geese
that live full time on corporate properties are bombarded with many toxins
including fertilizers, insecticides, and oil and antifreeze from cars. they are
even subject to toxins they themselves create in their droppings by
congregating in unnaturally large groups on the same place for an unnaturally
long period of time. (goose droppings often carry a spirochete common to poultry
droppings that causes gastrointestinal illness in anything that ingests their
feces.  goose feces should be thoroughly
cleaned from shoes, and hands should be carefully washed if you come in contact
with goose feces.)
 
there are several ways you can help keep wild
geese wild, and safe. 
 
1.    
halt all
feeding of canada geese and other waterfowl. human food is not good for geese or ducks.
if you love geese please do not feed them. there is an abundant natural food supply
in our area for geese. remember, a fed goose is a dead goose!
2.    
plant
screen hedges and if possible let grass grow a bit longer than you ordinarily
would. geese want to be able to see far to watch out for predators. screen
hedges and tall grass provide cover for predators. planting screen hedges or
tall ornamental grasses, reeds or cattails at water’s edge will help discourage
geese from using your pond. combining screen plants with border
collie service has proved very effective!
3.    
post
signs such as “please do not feed waterfowl” near picnic benches and other
places people congregate.
4.    
avoid
nesting geese at all costs. do not attempt to feed a nesting goose. 
5.    
do not
release domestic ducks or geese into corporate, residential or commercial
ponds. domestic waterfowl attract wild geese.
6.    
incorporate
a natural goose harassment protocol using border collies and encourage
neighboring properties to do the same.
7.    
do not
employ a service that uses hunting dogs or retrievers.
 

what is
wrong with this picture?
 
many goose control companies are now using
labs and other hunting breeds for goose control. they cite that their dogs are
great swimmers and that is their excuse for using hunting dogs. trained border
collies swim after geese as well as any lab, but a lab has been selectively
bred for countless generations to grab and bring back dead birds. when a lab or
other hunting breed enters the water after geese his aim is to get his mouth on
it. a border collie does not have that goal in mind. the border
collie simply wants to do his job, which is chase the geese away. geese are
federally protected. do you want to employ dogs that want to hurt or kill your
geese? we use only specially trained border collies. we would never use a
hunting breed.
 
 
 
 
give us a call for a free evaluation of
your needs 
919-961-8280
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
triangle goose control, inc.
raleigh, nc
919-961-8280
sheila@nogeese.com



