







bancroft arnesen explore
























































































































































































































































































  

through experiential education programs and storytelling, bae access water will engage and empower over 60 million future minds to create a sustainable tomorrow.together, ann bancroft and liv arnesen have been inspiring future leaders since they became the first women to cross antarctica in 2001. that historic 1,717-mile journey ignited a global dialogue—now amplified by 8 women, on 7 continents, over 12 years. access water aotearoa expedition 2025:the adventure called; ki uta ki tai ~ from the mountains to the sea, captures the indigenous concept that the environment is inherently connected to us. our global women adventurers will follow the indigenous way starting in the mountains and follow a major river leading to the sea. the team, by sharing stories, will discover the powerful connection the maori people have to the environment and their stewardship to the land and water. the trip will be a mixture of adventure, interaction with maori communities and women, and knowledge sharing for a sustainable future.




    be inspired
  

  







  









  

global voices inspiring one movement join the access water team of 8 women explorers, one from each continent (other than antarctica), as they collaborate cross-culturally on inspiring and acknowledging the human spirit—giving voice to each one of you.  access water team members represent their region of the world to amplify the urgency for clean water and share solutions for a sustainable future. 




    meet the team
  

  





























  











education & explorationann bancroft and liv arnesen are educators, explorers, environmentalists and leaders, who together made history becoming the first women to ski across antarctica in 2001. bae continues to combine education with global expeditions—igniting the curiosity of over 3 million students in 158 countries as they follow ann and liv’s journeys. 

  











women’s leadership ann bancroft and liv arnesen set the stage for girls and women to make a positive difference in the world by collaborating with global leaders and change makers. together with the access water team (8 women representing 6 different continents), they will share their stories, challenges, and successes to empower and inspire girls and women to realize their potential and follow their dreams. 

  











stem programming it is imperative to create an equal playing field for anyone to pursue stem careers. bae breaks down barriers that have inhibited youth, especially girls, from maintaining an interest in science, technology, engineering, and math.  through partnerships with pbs scigirls and girl scouts of the usa, bae inspires and equips future leaders with the self-confidence they need to succeed. 

  











environment & sustainabilitywater is a global issue that requires immediate action. the access water team will paddle a significant body of water on each continent to learn about  pertinent issues facing river communities and share stories that emphasize the important role water plays in sustaining human life. expeditions will highlight water related best practices and amplify the efforts of farmers, urban and rural communities, corporations, ngo’s, state and local government entities to improve the health of our rivers, lakes, and oceans and ultimately our communities. 

  




























































  





























in 2000, we launched the bancroft arnesen expedition badge with girl scouts of the usa, engaging girls in all 50 states with leadership programs and activities focused on health, wellness, and fitness. since then, bae has partnered with world association of girl guides (wagggs) to create the water challenge badge, which is translated into 8 languages to impact a global community of girls.











 






shero



intro



team



bae institute



themes



thirsty collage



india



girl scouts










for general inquiries contact | explore@bancroftarnesen.ecofor lectures & presentations contact | anne@bancroftarnesen.com©2025 bae institute.eco is a dedicated web address ending for organizations committed to positive change for our planet. it’s a trusted symbol for environmental action and the best way to show you how much we care.











 



























 



explore@bancroftarnesen.eco


hours












