





understanding evolution – your one-stop source for information on evolution





































 

 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerabout
image & use policy
translations
glossary

 support ue


emailfacebooktwitter
 uc museum of paleontology
uc berkeley


understanding evolutionyour one-stop source for information on evolution understanding evolution


search ue website


menuhomeevolution 101an introduction to evolution: what is evolution and how does it work?the history of life: looking at the patterns – change over time and shared ancestorsmechanisms: the processes of evolution – selection, mutation, migration, and moremicroevolution – evolution within a populationspeciation – how new species arisemacroevolution – evolution above the species levelthe big issues – pacing, diversity, complexity, and trendsteach evolutionlessons and teaching toolsteaching resourcesimage libraryusing research profiles with studentsactive-learning slides for instructionusing evo in the news with studentsguide to evo 101 and digging dataconceptual frameworkalignment with the next generation science standardsteaching guidesk-2 teaching guide3-5 teaching guide6-8 teaching guide9-12 teaching guideundergraduate teaching guidemisconceptions about evolutiondealing with objections to evolutioninformation on controversies in the public arena relating to evolutionlearn evolution

evo 101
evo 101
teach evo
teach evo
learn evo
learn evo

evo in the news
is bird flu the new covid-19?posted february 13, 2025 
if you’ve scrolled past the political news lately, you may have noticed increasingly alarming stories about bird flu, a virus that mainly affects birds but can also infect humans and other animals. outbreaks on farms have led to the preventative killing of more than a hundred million chickens, turkeys, and other farm birds, driving up the cost of eggs. the virus has also spread to dairy cows across the country. one in five samples of supermarket milk have evidence of deactivated virus, and infectious virus particles have been found in raw milk. contaminated pet food has led to the death of cats, and zoo animals have died after contracting the virus, perhaps from wild birds that landed in their enclosures. multiple u.s. farmworkers have been infected, likely through contact with farm animals, and the united states recently reported its first death associated with the virus. you may well be asking, is this covid all over again? are we on the precipice of the next pandemic? here, we’ll use the lens of evolution to compare the virus responsible for covid-19 to the virus behind bird flu.
read more »  |  read other evo news storiescheck out our favoritesthe beetle project
the beetle project: investigating insects in a warming world
activity: plant on a rampage!
plant on a rampage: evolutionary scientists to the rescue!
digging data
extinction vulnerability with shan huang, david jablonski, and stewart edie
the ldg
visualizing life on earth: an interactive investigation of biodiversity
the arthropod story
the arthropod story: an interactive investigation
a pleistocene puzzle
a pleistocene puzzle
footerconnect 
emailfacebooktwitter
 subscribe to our newsletter


teach

teaching resource database
correcting misconceptions
conceptual framework and ngss alignment
image and use policy



learn

evo 101
evo in the news
the tree room
browse learning resources
glossary



copyright © 2025 · uc museum of paleontology understanding evolution · privacy policy

























we use cookies to see how our website is performing. we do not collect or store your personal information, and we do not track your preferences or activity on this site.ok


