



fiat - official website 


























































 











































500e giorgio armani collectors edition

two absolute icons - giorgio armani and 500e - come together to create an istant classic





































fiat key drivers
                

  seeing you driving our vehicle every day is a great joy for us. but our main
  objective is, first and foremost, to provide you with a unique, comfortable, fun and safe driving experience. ​








































                    discover our news
                


stay up to date with the latest news from fiat. discover all the latest on upcoming models, innovations and the stories that drive us.


  	            	
                        
                    
                        
                 	         
                        
                    
                    
  
    


















                    fiat grande panda begins its global journey by taking on the b-segment in europe
                


the new fiat grande panda, the first model of the new global family, truly represents the italian brand for its italian design, compactness, inclusivity, and sustainability.


  	            	
                        
                    
                        
                 	         
                        
                    
                    
  
    





















fiat confirms its role as the first stellantis brand in 2024


125 years and a consolidated position as stellantis’ number one global brand: fiat ended 2024 excelling in south america and affirming its role in europe’s a and ev segments, as well as the light commercial vehicle business. 








fiat launches bio-hybrid technology in brazil


fiat launched bio-hybrid technology with its highly successful suv models, the fiat pulse and fastback, in brazil. this technology combines electric and hybrid powertrains with biofuels, specifically ethanol, to reduce carbon emissions and advance accessible mobility.








fiat is absolute leader in the ice and ev city car segment in europe with its “made in italy” icons panda and 500e.


in the first nine months of 2024, fiat confirms its european leadership in the “core” segment of city cars with fiat panda and 500e. two true icons of made in italy, the undisputed leaders in the city car segment and in the electric city car market in europe.

read article











releases & events

stay up to date with the latest global fiat events and campaigns. explore all our latest videos and discover more of the fiat world.


























fiat | grande panda - everyday life, easier.

happiness is holding hands and going far: with grande panda, it takes shape in a thousand different ways.​
the iconic member of the fiat family inspired by our legacy offers a reinvented charging cable, pixel led headlamps, a brand new bamboo-styled dashboard and upcycled materials in the interiors.​
available in full electric with 320 km range or hybrid to double the fun!​




























happy birthday 500!

italian design recognised the world over, for 67 years.





























italy is our engine

love is the driving force behind everything, and love for italy is the driving force for our ceo olivier francois, who takes us to mirafiori, in the heart of fiat, underlining the importance of returning to the origins. ​
together with the already award-winning 500 in the electric version, the hybrid version will also arrive with a new feature: the name. it will be called 500i: hybrid... italian style.​




























no more grey

italy is the land of colors and we love.
say goodbye to the grey and hello to the new colors of fiat!





























                    visit casa fiat
                


  come and visit our casa fiat, either in person in turin or virtually. in it you'll
  discover how the fiat 500 became a pop icon over the years and why its return in 2007 was loved by so many.

  	            	
                        
                    
                        
                 	        
  
    
    

discover more













                    italian symbol
                


  since its foundation, fiat has brought the italian touch and the dolce vita style
  to people's life. this was reflected in all its models, but one stood out more than the others, the 500. known for its simplicity and its unique style, the 500 won the hearts of everyone around the world - becoming, over the years, a symbol of italianity.















                    fiat nuova 500 (1957)italianness symbol
                















fiat icon and italian symbol throughout the world, the 500 was born in 1957, immediately succeeding for combining elegant and simple design with functionality. the model still attracts a lot of attention today, and is available in its electric version











                    fiat nuova 500 (1957)the engine and its name
                















if you didn't know, the model's name comes from its air-cooled twin-cylinder
engine positioned at the rear. unprecedented for the time and with a of 13
horsepower, the engine's initial displacement was 479 cc - 500 cc nominal, giving rise to the name of this small italian icon.











                    fiat 500 (2007)the renaissance
                















after years without being produced, the 500 returns with reinforced
elegance and style in 2007. to celebrate the 50° anniversary of its most iconic model, fiat created a more modern version of the 500, maintaining the flair of its original look, but bringing modern touches to reflect 21st century modernity.











                    fiat new 500 (2020)a history and growth that never stops!
                















fiat has become known worldwide for knowing how to interpret and createinnovative and stylish solutions for people. in 2020 fiat launched the 500 hybrid,taking big steps into the future - and getting there in 2022, with the launch of thenew 500e, a 100% electric upgraded version of the model.






















                     you don't need to set foot in italy to experience dolce vita. just get into a fiat!
                











italiannes around the world


explore more about the fiat world and see why for decades we have been spreading our italianness and providing smiles of happiness and achievement.



























get ready to enter the fiat world

discover our new models, the wide range of colors, all the promotions and much more! choose your country and drive into the fiat world!





choose your country









































