
















home

























              
    home



  about


   message from our congregation



  history



  clergy & staff



  church data sheet





  cover story



  mission & outreach


   book fair



  tend my lambs



  pastoral care ministry network



  shepherd's staff



  brown bag pantry





  vestry


   policies & procedures





  events


   monthly calendar



  summer worship at big lake





  foundation



  special services


   weddings



  funerals



  baptisms





  contact us












    
 





       

  good shepherd
  episcopal church



   

  welcome to our church
 
good shepherd episcopal church has a rich history in lake charles, engaging worship, opportunities for spiritual formation and growth, and service to the community. we welcome all persons to join. 



    services
 sunday8:30 am: holy communion - rite i10:30 am: holy communion - rite ii5:00 pm: holy communion - rite ii
the 10:30 services are streamed on facebook live11 am: outdoor eucharist in big lake - chapel of the holy spiritheld from easter through labor day
  services
 monday8:05 am: eds morning prayer
﻿(during the school year)
wednesday12:00 holy communion with prayers for healing - chapel
 thursday8:05 am: eds holy eucharist please call eds for more information 337-433-5246


    ﻿nightly at 8:00 pm - an order for compline from the book of common prayer pg. 127 will be held on our facebook,
good shepherd episcopal church





    about
 
good shepherd is part of the episcopal church, which consists of over 6,000 episcopal parishes in the united states and 14 other nations. the episcopal church is part of the worldwide anglican communion, which is one of the world’s largest christian communities with more than 80 million members in 44 regional and provencial member churches in 160 countries. the episcopal church traces its history to the time of christ because it “continues in the teaching and fellowship of jesus’s apostles and is sent to carry out christ’s mission to all people, restore all people to unity with god, and each other in christ.”



   please call the church office, 337-433-5244, if you or a family member would like a visit while in the hospital or at home recovering. priests and eucharistic ministers are available to visit those in need of communion outside of the church.


    good shepherd in a nutshell...
 



    worship
 we are a sacramental church; meaning that we celebrate our worship using the sacraments of the church. those are anchored in baptism and holy communion; but also include unction (prayers for healing with anointing), absolution (which includes confession), confirmation, ordination, and marriage.  all of these sacraments are celebrated within the liturgy; or worship of the people. we welcome all baptized christians to receive holy communion; regardless of your church affiliation.  service to the community and the world 
 good shepherd strives to be a good neighbor in the local community and beyond. the church established and continues to work with the bishop noland episcopal day school. our annual book fair supports local community service organizations. since 1992, our tend my lambs ministry has supported a school in begin, haiti. proceeds from our annual fish fry for haiti and regular sponsorships help to support this mission ministry. we also have a brown bag pantry which we distribute each 3rd tuesday of the month. this program provides groceries to those in need; no questions asked and is located in the our reach house on s. division st.  in the summer we host a summer music festival featuring the music of talented composers and musicians from across the globe. at christmas we sponsor an angel tree for the salvation army and prepare christmas gifts for the needy.
  children and youth
 good shepherd maintains a nursery during both morning services, sunday school is at 9:30 a.m. service, and is an intergenerational approach which incorporates serious religious discussions along with creative expressions of what we are discussing. youth group, meets bi-weekly on sundays at 11:30-2:00 pm and includes lunch and activities for middle school and high school aged youth. the schedule at this time is the 2nd and 4th sunday of each month.  adult spiritual formation 
 good shepherd normally has three active, enthusiastic study groups affording opportunities for adult spiritual formation. groups meet on sundays at 9:30 a.m., mondays we sponsor a study at the verandah which meets at 11:30 a.m., and wednesdays during lent we have a midweek lenten study with evening prayer and a simple supper. we want people to feel free to think, to probe, to explore, to reason. our door is open wide, and everyone is always welcome. no reservation required and we do not have a dress code; so, come as you are.






       contact us
 address: 715 kirkman st. lake charles, la 70601email: church@goodshepherd-lc.comphone: 337-433-5244  


  service times
 sunday morning worship at good shepherd episcopal church8:30 am10:30 amsunday evening worship at good shepherd episcopal church5:00 pmchapel of the holy spirit at big lake11:00 am
 keep in touch
     

 

 





















































































































  
  share by:










