




basketball fundamentals for players & coaches | books, dvds, articles, & tips










basketball fundamentals   
nitty-gritty
                          basketball


 






main   i   products   i   clinics   i   basketball
        help/tips   i   contact
          us   i   join
      list   i   order   i   free downloads 


all digital ---- download products immediately from anywhere




we provide  solutions  that save time and get you where you want to go : (numbers list  reference articles, see also tips link above) .

•how do you  teach players to work together on offense? why working on plays usually causes problems. 1   2 

        •how to setup and run practice? in a sense, coaches and players must walk before running. work on what your players need. 1   2   3 

        •what are the most important skills players need to learn? all skills depend on agility and conditioning. 1   2    3   4

        •how do you make each player effective on defense? defense depends on  factors such as conditioning, readiness, and how a player actually moves. players need to learn the defensive dance steps. 1

        •how do you get more out of limited practice time? there are over 40 ideas in the book and video.  1
•how to avoid a lot of bad ideas that do not work. here's a short list. 1 
•how do you quickly and effectively teach (or learn) basic and advanced individual skills like:  1 
—the layup, jump shot, hook shot, free throw
  —catching, passing, dribbling
  —tlc skills including timing, looking and communication 
  —rebounding, boxing out, & other basic defensive skills 
—scoring moves, faking, ball handling, and so on
      this is what our books and videos are about. "my methods are
            a step back to the basics and a step forward to improved training.
              a place to start and to return again and again. no matter what
              level you coach, the fundamentals do not change. you will reap
              great rewards by recognizing, practicing, and applying them to
          your situation."
from the the basketball coach's bible

    coaching techniques are not gimmicks. one idea will not make  it or break it for your team.  however, constant work on the  basics  yields incredible outcomes.
sidney goldstein 2008 






hot & cold stuff
          • advice to a new coach 

            some new downloads go 

watch  clips from our first award winning dvd.... 

see youngest
                pro player....

learn
                about specials and news ahead of time: join
                our email list.

shots from videos....

newest editions 



14 dvds
feedback 
"a
          great resource." phil jackson 
          more  feedback 

"well done." jim calhoun 
    more feedback 

  "the need for 'fundamentals' is a rallying cry at every
    level of competition: these books deliver the goods." booklist
more
              reviews
 
          about our dvds
  "basketball
                  players and coaches serious about the game should step up to
                  the viewing line." booklist 
      more reviews 









golden aura publishing - nitty-gritty basketball series
            by sidney goldstein





website copyright 1995-2008 © sidney goldstein, golden aura publishing,nitty-gritty basketball

215 247-4459  


