



riley's farm - riley's farm : riley's farm














































































menumenufield tripsrestaurant & bakery

the hawk's headbakery
events

today on the farmcalendardinner showssaturday activities: adventures in the old worldprivate eventscolonial fairecivil war re-enactment
info

directions & contactjoin email listfield trip pricinghours & faqslodgingfarm journal blogemployment applicationsave riley's farm
u-pickmercantile

riley's mercantilegift cards
save riley's farm

donate nowthe backgroundfarm blog:  "blacklisted"
 



store






  









riley’s farm open presidents day
february 17, 10-4
this week on the farm

re-enactors, living historians and history lovers..
save the date:  april 19, 2025




coming up..
february 22
revolutionary evenings
details ♦ tickets
march
finnegan’s wake
details ♦ tickets
all year round
living history adventures
(open to the public and schools)
plan your homeschool or church school prom!

the best way to get here..
we’re the first farm on the right, as you enter from the eastern side.  (wildwood, beaumont, cherry valley)


riley’s farm journal

heaven will be like a tavern
11/25: thanksgiving week hours
the 250 year old glow
elections and arrests
all americans love a fight
find a girl like mary
a riley’s farm story

early readers..
“..i read the whole book [294 pages] in one night. it was wonderful. i laughed, cried, and felt annoyed right along with you at times. i could see the whole thing playing out in my mind’s eye while reading..”
“..i just read this chapter aloud to my wife. we both have tears streaming down our faces…”
“..incredible. i thoroughly enjoyed every word — getting to know the riley family.”
“..a seriously ‘un-woke’ rumination.  thoroughly entertaining..”

 



colonial menu wednesday to saturday
(click image for larger version)
 

packing shed bbq menu

(mostly fall saturdays and holidays.  click image for larger version)

 
 
pre-order bakery items here
nestled in the apple growing foothills of historic oak glen, riley’s farm is a working apple orchard and living history farm featuring pick-your-own fruit, living history education, dinner theatre, group banquet facilities and extended, historically-themed overnight stays.
hours of operation

if you’re a teacher or a youth group leader, we have educational day trips of all sorts to meet your needs:
revolutionary war adventure
the civil war adventure
gold rush adventure
old joe homestead tour
colonial farm life adventure
overnight revolutionary war adventure
teachers & parents!
book your field trip today.
many dates are filling up,
so “put wings to your feet!”
what can my family do today? 

follow us on mewe!

 
 

















search










					© 2025 copyright riley's farm. powered by					wordpress & html5 blank.
				























