 






md saddle supply & fashionista | custom cowboy & cowgirl boots men & women














































 
m.d. saddle supply








home
about
get in touch
 





 

six tips for breaking in your western riding boots 

riding boots aren’t only an essential piece of attire for horse riders or farmers. for anyone who enjoys western wear, these boots can also be incorporated into a stylish outfit, especially if you’re looking for some fashionable winter boots. while older boots can fit like … 
read more



boots, break in, horse, riding, wearleave a comment on six tips for breaking in your western riding boots23/03/201919/03/2019 by mdsaddle 




 

horseback riding – the difference in western vs. english styles 

horseback riding disciplines: western and english horseback riding is a challenging sport. beginners must learn how to become balanced in the seat, use their reigns properly, and condition their legs to respond as aids to the horse. this is only the first of many new … 
read more



horseriding, horses, technique, western vs englishleave a comment on horseback riding – the difference in western vs. english styles02/03/201921/02/2019 by mdsaddle 




 

the best tips for buying your first pair of equestrian boots 

so, you are ready to purchase your first pair of equestrian boots. good riding boots are an investment. take into account there are qualities you need to consider as you look for that perfect pair of boots. when looking at new boots, note there are … 
read more



boots, equestrian, horse, horseridingleave a comment on the best tips for buying your first pair of equestrian boots21/02/201919/03/2019 by mdsaddle 






follow us today 







search

search for:



  recent posts 

six tips for breaking in your western riding boots


horseback riding – the difference in western vs. english styles


the best tips for buying your first pair of equestrian boots


m.d. saddle supply if you're a fan of western clothing, look no further than m.d. saddle supply! our cowboy and cowgirl apparel bring out the appeal of the west... read more...



advertisement 


newsletterget an update directly to your inbox. subscribe to our blog now.



first name or full name
email
 by continuing, you accept the privacy policy





copyright © 2025 m.d. saddle supply | privacy policy












