



assisted living facility manuals
























 484-786-8059











toggle navigation











co-housing new trend









comprehensive manuals for

							how-to-start and operate your own assisted living facility.

							on-site consulting








welcome
assisted living group consultants offer 'how to manuals' for starting your own assisted living
					facility.â  with our easy to follow manuals, telephone contact and/or on-site access to our
					nationally experienced consultants you will be able to start an assisted living facility with ease.
					assisted living group consultants' manuals and consulting services have been utilized, since 1993,
					to assist with the start-up of new assisted living projects for individuals, hospitals, healthcare
					companies, entrepreneurs and real estate developers. assisted living group's consulting services
					also provides assistance to improve census, operations and profits for existing facilities. whenever
					you need help with your project, we will be here to support your needs. we offer state and county
					specific demographic studies, application and licensure assistance and state specific policies
					and procedures. we are just a telephone call away for your personal assistance.






manuals for starting an assisted living 
 how-to manuals for the start-up and operation of a new assisted living
							facility




						assisted living group consultants' manuals have been utilized, since 1993, to assist with the
						start-up of new assisted living projects for individuals, hospitals, healthcare companies,
						entrepreneurs, real estate developers, american indian reservations and va hospitals nation
						wide.
					



learn more






online courses
on-line residential care home course for 4-10 residents. in this course you will learn the basics
						for starting an residential care home business.

marketing and intake
how to start a residential care home








learn more







manuals for how to operate an assisted living facility and 24 hour residential care facilities
assisted living information package - assisted living policies & procedure manual - a complete
					guide to operations, management & marketing for an assisted
					living facility - senior’s housing and care facilities- documentation system for assisted
					living - business plan for a new assisted living facility - proposed 50 unit assisted living
					facility - analyzing seniors' housing markets - assisted living basic operational manual - assisted
					living administrative guidelines - assisted living operating proforma and financial feasiblitiy
					analysis - financial statements for a new assisted living project - cognitive therapeutic activities
					for seniors plus memory care activities - emergency and disaster procedures for an assisted living
					facility - the human factor in starting your own business - financing guide - assisted living blue
					prints (2 story) - assisted living blue prints 24 studio facility - assisted living blue prints 16
					apartments.
learn more



assisted living consulting
assisted living group consultants are professionals who practice high quality and leading edge
					knowledge of the health care industry for assisted living. we can help you with start-up of a new
					facility and we provide an on-site assisted living start-up information consulting package. click on
					assisted living consulting link to view all of our services.
learn more

hospice and home health care

					home health care, provided by licensed personnel, is supportive health care provided in the
					patient's home. these services are on a part-time or intermittent basis for the treatment of an
					illness or injury, and covered by medicare when skilled care is needed.
learn more







quick links

assisted living manuals

consulting
hospice and home health
								care

legal



address

						coatesville ,pa
						phone: 484-786-8059



catch us

					 
					
					 
					




© all right reversed.assisted living group consultants













