









carvel research and education center | college of agriculture & natural resources | university of delaware






































skip to site content

























































 quick links 




                                        myud
                                    



                                        maps
                                    



                                        people directory
                                    



                                        email
                                    



                                        careers
                                    



                                        library
                                    



                                        a-z index
                                    



                                        news
                                    



                                        events
                                    



                                        safety at ud
                                    





















close













                    
                        agriculture & natural resources
                    
                    
                






























                        quick links 





                                            myud
                                        



                                            maps
                                        



                                            people directory
                                        



                                            email
                                        



                                            careers
                                        



                                            library
                                        



                                            a-z index
                                        



                                            news
                                        



                                            events
                                        



                                            safety at ud
                                        







about usour campusour historyour peoplediversity, equity and inclusionsustainability initiativesag dayudairy creameryprospective studentsundergraduate programsgraduate programscertificate programscurrent studentsundergraduate studentsgraduate studentsaccelerated degree (4+1)academic departmentsanimal & food sciencesapplied economics & statisticsentomology & wildlife ecologyplant & soil sciencesresearch & innovationresearch focus areasresearch symposiumresearch facilitiescooperative extensionhealth & well-beingagricultural programs4-hhorticulturecarvel centerthurman adams jr farmwarrington farmjones hamilton housecurrent researchlasher laboratoryalumni & friendsalumnigive


ud home academicscollegescollege of agriculture & natural resourcescarvel center
















carvel research and education center














delaware agriculture week 2025
january 13 to january 16, 2025


read about it on udaily







welcome
ud's  347-acre agriculture research experimental  station and sussex cooperative extension





poultry health


lasher lab







agronomic crop tour 2024


view recordings - earn credits







research + extension
sharing the latest research with our community





crop research





creating partnerships
reaching across programs and institutions for efficient solutions























































































carvel research and education





                                        thurman adams jr farm
                                    



                                        warrington farm
                                    



                                        jones hamilton house
                                    



                                        current research
                                    




                                        delaware ag week 2022
                                    



                                        agronomic field crop tours 2023
                                    



                                        agronomic crop variety trials
                                    



                                        agronomic field crop tours 2024
                                    





                                        lasher laboratory
                                    




                                        lasher staff
                                    



                                        poultry diagnostics
                                    



                                        applied research
                                    



                                        community outreach
                                    
































































welcome to the carvel research and education center: youtube.com/watch?v=qj0f22yf3do














the elbert n. and ann v. carvel research and education center
the carvel center campus, located in georgetown in sussex county, fulfills the tripartite mission of our land-grant university — teaching, research and extension outreach. the carvel center serves as the southern agriculture experiment station for the university of delaware college of agriculture and natural resources, and encompasses the thurman adams jr. agriculture research farm (347 acres) with a focus on agronomic, vegetable and horticulture crops, the warrington irrigation research farm (120 acres) in harbeson, lasher laboratory for poultry diagnostics, and the jones hamilton environmental research house. our campus is also home to sussex county cooperative extension providing programing in 4-h youth development, poultry, family and consumer sciences, and lawn and garden. 
 
with an overall staff of 50 full-time administrators, agents, faculty, and specialists, assisted by 50 to 70 seasonal part-time employees and student interns, the carvel center paves the way in serving the needs of the agricultural industry, youth and families, students and residents of our great state. learn more about our history.
 
 








location

carvel research and education center 16483 county seat highway  georgetown, delaware 19947 






 302-856-7303
                








			
			meet our staff
			
				>
			
		













cooperative 
 extension






















our research and educational facilities
















thurman adams jr. research farm


named after former delaware sen. thurman adams, our 347-acre research farm provides field crop research and supports all off-farm research projects across the state. 
the farm is the site for agriculture tours. merging research and outreach for local growers and industry.


learn more ...













warrington farm


the 120-acre warrington farm is located harbeson, delaware in sussex county.
 
research on this farm provides the college's core research arena focusing on center pivot, drip, and sub-surface irrigation projects in addition to water management issues.
 


learn more ...


















lasher laboratory


lasher laboratory serves as the front line in disease surveillance and management for the poultry industry. a $4 million, state-of-the-art renovation in 2016 provides necropsy, serology, and bacteriology testin, along with virus identification and monitoring using dna (pcr) testing.


learn more ...













jones hamilton environmental poultry research house


the jones hamilton environmental poultry research house is an example of private industry collaboration with ud and the state of delaware to examine litter management and air quality for the poultry industry.
 


learn more ...
















			
			visit our demonstration garden
			
				>
			
		











our facility continues the strong tradition of serving our agricultural clientele and their families as well as the citizens of delaware.
- mark isaacs
carvel rec director







upcoming events















distinguished service to agriculture
delaware secretary of agriculture michael t. scuse surprised dr. mark isaacs with the secretary’s award for distinguished service to agriculture during the state fair awards presentation on governor’s day...
“i am incredibly honored and humbled to receive this distinguished service to agriculture award from secretary scuse. as a fourth-generation delaware farmer, director of the ud carvel research and education center, and department of plant and soil sciences faculty member, my roots run deep for the love of delaware agriculture,” said mark isaacs.
read all about mark isaacs' award on the delaware department of agriculture website. 









montage of extension staff in action in delaware: youtube.com/watch?v=uhpyhbiwrj0











latest news






tips to keep young people safe from tobacco, alcohol, and drug use
february 13, 2025 | written by: karen johnston, 4-h extension agent, prevention
as parents and caregivers, one of the most important things we can do is help children navigate the challenges they may face when it comes to tobacco, alcohol, and drug use. open, honest communication and proactive measures can make a significant difference in keeping kids safe and informed. here are some gentle tips to guide you in this critical task.


how do we define early planted soybean?
february 10, 2025 | written by: jarrod miller, agronomy extension specialist 
traditionally, soybean planting has occurred after corn planting is completed. however, as delmarva farmers explore methods to increase yield, earlier planting dates are being considered. with earlier planting comes cooler soil temperatures and a higher risk of seedling losses, raising the question: how early is too early?


a high five for the return of the 4-h delaware state leader forum 
february 05, 2025 | written by: michele walfred, communications specialist
4-h volunteer leaders from across the state met in georgetown on saturday, february 1, 2025, for a day of fellowship and training - learning new skills to implement at their club levels.





























history of the agriculture research center in georgetown
a delaware general assembly act provided the establishment of an agricultural substation for southern delaware. the first structure at the new "substation" opened in 1942, which is still in use — now as storage space.
a more thorough, published history written by former extension specialist and former delaware secretary of agriculture, ed kee, is now available in the fall of 2019.
see our history page for details





















the university of delaware is an equal opportunity institution and provider. visit ud’s office of equity & inclusion to learn more.















 college of agriculture & natural resources









                            carvel center
                        






                                    thurman adams jr farm
                                



                                    warrington farm
                                



                                    jones hamilton house
                                



                                    current research
                                



                                    lasher laboratory
                                









                            additional links
                        





                                        faculty & staff resources
                                    








 531 south college avenue
newark, de 19716 
  (302) 831-2501 
 














top












explore ud in photos







undergraduate major finder







graduate program finder





 ud home





explore



										about us
									



										athletics
									



										udaily
									



										virtual tour
									



										employment
									




academics



										undergraduate admissions
									



										graduate admissions
									



										colleges
									



										library
									



										research
									




services



										accessibility notice
									



										people directory 
									



										my ud
									



										campus safety 
									



										a to z index
									





connect

contact us
university of delaware newark, de 19716 usa   
p:   302-831-2792









































































			©2025 university of delaware
		


						comments
					



						legal notices
					



						accessibility 
					


















