










fpm, inc. - intercept technology







welcome to the fpm, inc. web site



































home






about us






products

accessories

safety gloves
shrink tape and film knives
strapping and buckles
vents and doors


heat guns

shrinkfast 998
ripack 3000


shrink film








services

shrink wrapping boats for storage







intercept technology

intercept products

intercept stretchfilm
intercept shrinkfilm
intercept bags
intercept fabric
tape
other intercept products


intercept technology

technical information
brochures
faq
test reports
presentations
application reports
our client list









tools






galleries

intercept fabric
intercept shrinkfilm
intercept bags and packaging







contact us











home













sharethis: 



 welcome to fpm incorporated - shrinkwrap internationalaccessoriesheat gunsshrink film the home of the shrink wrap experts!fpm, inc. is the world leader in large and small item shrinkfilm packaging. fpm revolutionized the packaging industry with boat shrinkwrapping in the 1970s, helicopter/fixed-wing aircraft and industrial shrinkwrapping in the 1980s, and custom pre-formed shrink wrap kits in the 1990s.now in the new millennium, fpm initiates another revolution - intercept shrinkfilm™ anti-rust, anti-corrosion, anti-mold/mildew with permanent esd protection for (15+years) inside storage and (4+years) outside storage able to withstand nearly any outdoor environment. intercept shrinkfilm will protect against rust & corrosion in all climates and temperature ranges including hot, cold, wet or dry climates.intercept shrinkfilm™ is the world's first shrinkfilm that utilizes a non-chemical-emitting, anti-corrosive, anti-rust, anti-mold/mildew permanent esd protected resin.developed by lucent technologies bell labs. intercept™ is designed to protect industrial equipment, aircraft, electronics, and most anything you want to protect from rust & corrosion during storage and shipments.watch an informative video about intercept technology.    




sharethis: 
















 






public notices



new item
we now carry 32' x 100' 12mil shrink film. give us a call today to place your order. ... read more




















news archive
there are no archived news articles at this time...





























 © 2025 electronic computer services, inc. & fpm, inc. - intercept technology - all rights reserved.
      the information on this website may not be reproduced, republished or mirrored on another webpage
      or website without the explicit written consent of electronic computer services, inc. & fpm, inc. - intercept technology.
 legal information: copyright - disclaimer

site map - web mail log-in
















