canfield scientific: medical imaging software, photography systems, and clinical services.


this site uses cookies. if you click accept cookies then all cookies will be written. please review our cookies policy and configure your cookies for your experience.
										read more

accept
reject














imaging systems




imaging systems overview





aesthetic systems


face imaging - 2d


visia skin analysis


nexa


face & body imaging - 2d


intellistudio


intellistage


intellistand


face imaging - 3d


vectra h2


vectra m3


face & body imaging - 3d


vectra h2


vectra xt


trichoscopy


hairmetrix





photo studio imaging


mirror software


custom photo room






medical dermatology


total body photography


vectra wb360


intellistudio





dermagraphix


digital dermatoscopes


veos


veos slm


d2


d200evo





optical dermatoscopes


luminis


magnifiers


optima






research systems


visia-cr


primos cr


custom systems






cameras and accessories


cameras and accessories




consumer engagement


viewmyconsult


sculptmydream




sales & education tools


industry brand library






support


canfield care


live remote assistance


webinars


on-site training




contact


distributors


contact sales










clinical services






clinical services overview

throughout all clinical trial phases, canfield delivers exceptional service and expertise. we are with you from the earliest conception of a study to ensure effective image design and clearly documented results.
more about clinical services




clinical services team


integrated solutions


image analysis


graphic services


data management













support




technical support


remote assistance


webinars


payment






distributors



about




about canfield


news and updates


research






careers


contact



language





for usa


english


rest of world


deutsch


italiano


中文









 








the worldwide leader
          medical imaging software.
          photography systems.
          clinical research services.
        
welcome to  canfield scientific, inc.












						easily capture high-quality, standardized facial images and motivate your patients with the excitement of 3d visual tools, side-by-side comparisons, and quantitative analysis.
				  
learn more













				  	capture face, breast, and body images in ultra-high resolution, 3d color and show your patients the exciting possibilities of their anticipated aesthetic procedures.
				  
learn more













						a portable and lightweight imaging solution ideal for capturing high-resolution 3d images of face, breast and body.
				  
learn more













						a fully-automated total body imaging solution that combines studio-quality lighting with smart automation to capture high-resolution 2d full-body clinical images.
				  
learn more









imaging systems


	  	we're the world's leading developer of specialized photographic systems and imaging software for medical practices, institutions, research organizations and pharmaceutical suppliers.
		  learn more



clinical services


	  	we invest in making our clients' clinical research studies more efficient throughout all clinical trial phases.
		  learn more



news & updates

visit canfield at imcas 2025  to see what's new!january 29, 2025visia featured in allure magazine december 23, 2024influencer alix earle shares her experience with canfield’s visia® skin analysisdecember 18, 2024canfield scientific s.r.l hosting the 4th dreamoscopy course: integrated intelligencedecember 5, 2024

more news & updates
view research




“one of the best technologies that we have here at mci is a total body mapping system. the vectra® wb360 is one of the total body mapping systems that create a 3d image of the entire surface of the skin. the vectra wb360 helps us take proactive steps in preventing skin cancer, enabling early diagnosis while minimizing the number of unnecessary biopsies.

”naiara a. braghiroli, md, phd,miami cancer institute“skin surveillance using total body photography plays a crucial role in modern healthcare. vectra wb360, with its remarkable 3d image resolution, enhances this process. using the dermagraphix software, the system efficiently maps, monitors, and documents pigmented lesions, providing significant advantages and surpassing our expectations.
”prof. rod sinclair, md,sinclair dermatology“for over 30 years, my mission has been to study the most significant and useful morphological aspects to evaluate all skin pathologies and to transfer my knowledge to many dermoscopy enthusiasts. canfield has been the most reliable technology partner for my research and teaching activities for many years.
”gian luigi giovene, md, phd,dott. gianluigi giovene dermatologo“imaging is an essential function in today’s dermatology practice. in my practice, where i strive to deliver the highest standard of care to my patients every day, i use the best quality imaging systems available, which are from canfield.
”prof. dr. josep malvehy,hospital clinic of barcelona“the highest available standard in medical photography and skin analysis tools, as provided by canfield scientific, has been the foundation of my cosmetic dermatology practice from its start.
”dr. patricia ogilvie,skin concept “i am so glad that i was introduced to the magnificent vectra.  i have been utilizing vectra technology for 3 years, and it has made a huge upgrade to my clinic.  vectra is extremely helpful during the consultation - both for operative planning as well as for educating patients. this leads to a more clear and reliable doctor-patient relationship.
”volney pitombo, md,volney pitombocirurgia plastica“quality was always an issue when it came to photography in clinical trials. canfield has continued to step up to the plate and move with the technology, the times, and the sponsor requirements.
”steven kempers, md,minnesota clinical study center“i’ve had experience with canfield products starting when i was in the us military, with 3d cameras, and have been a user of canfield technology at multiple locations over time. i have been able to watch the software and technology evolve over the last decade and a half.
”anand kumar, md, facs, faap,university hospital, cleveland““markerless tracking is in one word ‘amazing’; it educates both patients and doctors. i can show patients how they will look and what changes will occur. then, after the surgery, i can look at my results and see what if anything i can improve relative to technique or results.”
”tiago baptista fernandes, md,dr. tiago baptista fernandes on canfield’s vectra®up clinic“i was surprised. using vectra reduces the time for my consultations. rather than having to explain to a patient repeatedly about the limitations of her anatomy and what i can realistically achieve, i can show her the actual possibilities in 3d.
”patricia mcguire, md,parkcrest plastic surgery 






canfield is used by millions of people worldwide from canada to new zealand and everywhere in between.
    




over
2,500
clinical studies


over
10,000,000
images processed


over
50
distributors







life @ canfield



the canfield touch
beyond the goals and strategies that drive our business plan, real success depends on our people. that's the essence of the canfield touch.
about the company



customer driven innovation
we believe in a seamless client partnership that connects us into a single unified team with a focus on simplifying complex challenges.
about our approach



working here
big challenges. beautiful solutions. work alongside smart and interesting people in the healthcare technology field. we're proud of our team!
view open positions









discover
imaging systems
clinical services
imaging centers
distributors
partners




support
support
online training
make a payment




company
about canfield
careers
news & updates
research
newsletters




contact
contact us
+1.800.815.4330
+1.973.434.1200
info@canfieldsci.com




legal
legal notices
quality management systems
privacy
terms of use
end user license agreements
patents
supplier agreement
© 2025 canfield scientific, inc.all rights reserved


































country...afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantigua & barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanazoresbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonairebosnia & herzegovinabotswanabrazilbritish indian ocean terbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacanary islandscape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchannel islandschilechinachristmas islandcocos islandcolombiacomoroscongocongo democratic repcook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republiceast timorecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern tergabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreat britaingreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitihondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea northkorea southkuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaumacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomidway islandsmoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherland antillesnetherlandsnevisnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorwayomanpakistanpalau islandpalestinepanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairn islandpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussiarwandasaipansamoasamoa americansan marinosao tome & principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaserbia & montenegroseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth sudanspainsri lankast barthelemyst eustatiusst helenast kitts-nevisst luciast maartenst pierre & miquelonst vincent & grenadinessudansurinameswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriatahititaiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotokelautongatrinidad & tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks & caicos istuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states of americauruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican city statevenezuelavietnamvirgin islands (brit)virgin islands (usa)wake islandwallis & futana isyemenzambiazimbabwe



subscribe


see an example










 