      teacup pigs | teacup piglets for sale| mini pigs  

           
801-376-5785   




homeour breeder pigsteacup pigs for saletestimonialsmicro pigsstates we ship tocontact usfree pig giveawayarticlesteacup pigs - worlds smallest teacup pigs and micro pigspampered piglets home of the worlds smallest teacup pigs click here if you would like to see our available teacup pigletswe have the smallest teacup breeding boar in the usa. bubbles, our boar is over seven years old and only weighs a whopping 15 lbs!
​
our breeding sows only weigh 15-40 lbs. with micro size like that, you are sure to get a tiny, tiny, tiny little pampered teacup piglet!
​
we are a small breeder with only a small select elite group of teacup breeder pigs.
​
we choose as adults based on sized and personality.
​
don't be fooled into thinking you will get a tiny teacup pig from breeders who have 80-160 lbs breeder pigs! size is everything!!!!
​​
if someone is selling a teacup pig under $1,000 be very skeptical it most likely is just a pot belly pig!!
​
call or email and get your micro pampered piglet reserved today!
​
we strive to please!teacup pigs are a new growing trend in north america. many animal lovers have started adopting these adorable micro pigs.
there are several names describing the same pig. teacup pigs, nano pigs, micro pigs, micro mini pigs,miniature pigs and mini pigs.pigs are one of the most intelligent animals on the planet. despite popular belief mini pigs happen to be a very clean animal as well.amazingly teacup piglets at just a few days old can learn to be litter box trained.these micro pigs can also learn their name at learn their name at a young age. this allows you and your new piggy to start bonding right away.as far as personality is goes teacup pigs are much more friendly than a regular size pig. they don't get as aggressive and they love human attention.it is important when you first start out with your new teacup piglet that you let them know who the boss is. just like a child they will try to get away with what you allow them to get away with.the best way to train a mini pig is by giving them small treats and awarding them for good behavior.when your piggy messes up make sure you let them know you are not please but don't be too harsh or you will hurt your piglets feelings. they are very sensitive and when they get their feelings hurt they can get depressed or act scared of you.the first day with your teacup piglet will most likely be the hardest day. the piglet may cry and whine and act scared of you.the second day it will start warm up to you and start acting more friendly.the third day it will try challenging you to see if you will let it be boss. stay stern and let it know you are the boss and you love it.after that the teacup piglet will want to be babied and cuddled.you will want to make sure that your teacup piglet has a designated sleeping area as well as a designated bathroom area.generally speaking about week 6 your teacup piglet will be ready to start going on walks with a halter and a leash. at first this may scare the piglet and to avoid it throwing an absolute fit when you pull it along the best way for it to learn is to have someone in front of it as well as behind it when walking on the leash.if you are taking your micro piglet to the park be prepared to have several people come up and want to pet your teacup piggy. i always make sure if young children are petting the teacup piglet they pet it on the top of the head or rub it's belly. you want to make sure they stay away from it's mouth in case they startle your piggy you don't want it to accidentally bite them.as tempting as it may be to constantly give your teacup pig treats make sure they stay on a strict diet. we highly recommend you feed you teacup pigs mazuri mini pig food. on the bag they will have directions to exactly how much to feed the piggy. do not give your teacup pig regular pig food. regular pig food has growth hormones in it that is designed to fatten a pig up for slaughter.before adopting from us we always advise that you check out your local animal shelters to make sure they don't have any available teacup pigs. those pigs deserve good homes too!please feel free to ask us any questions that you may have. we are hear to guide you through the process of parenting a teacup piglet. we won't to make sure both you and the piggy are completely happy!!!  if you would like to see world our available teacup piglets!
click herefor answers to frequently asked teacup pig questions
click herewe now offer financing!!!you no longer have to wait to get your teacup piglet. with a small down payment and payments as low as $150 a month!! you can have your teacup pig before you have to make your first monthly payment!!recent articles
the comprehensive guide to teacup pig ownership
everything you need to know about mini pigs
preparing your home for a new pet pig
juliana pigs
testimonials page
proper diet for mini pigs
the many different colors of teacup pigs
are teacup pigs real? yes, they do exist
baby teacup pigs
vitamins and supplements recommended for teacup pigs
how to help a sick teacup pig
how big do teacup pigs get?
are teacup pigs legal to have as pets?
teacup pig’s food and nutrition
celebrities with mini pigs as pets
laws to consider while having a teacup pig
why teacup pigs make perfect petstestimonialshi karen! this is mike and sherri in new mexico, we just wanted you to know we have enjoyed being parents to vinnie, fna alfalfa. he and i are cuddling and napping often! have a great day and thank you for the happiness you have brought our home:@)~mike and sherrii just have to say that we absolutely love our little guy so much he has been fully potty trained sense the day we brought him to our house he has the best personality he runs around and plays with my 3 year old. just wanted to say thanks again for him..~candice from utahi love my teacup piglet annabella she is such a love and super smart!~mel from massachusettspamper your very own pigletpampered piglets has the perfect tiny little teacup piggy for you!we have some of the world’s smallest micro nano pigs and micro juliana pigs!we have the smallest teacup breeding boar in the usa. bubbles, our boar is over two years old and only weighs a whopping 9 lbs!our breeding sows only weigh 10-40 lbs. with micro size like that, you are sure to get a tiny, tiny, tiny little pampered teacup piglet!we are a small breeder with only a small select elite group of teacup breeder pigs.we choose as adults based on sized and personality.don’t be fooled into thinking you will get a tiny teacup pig from breeders who have 80-160 lbs breeder pigs! size is everything!!!!if someone is selling a teacup pig under $1,000 be very skeptical it most likely is just a pot belly pig!!call or email and get your micro pampered piglet reserved today!we strive to please!quick linkshomeour breeder teacup pigsavailable teacup pigs for salecontact ustestimonialsaboutteacup pigs have become very popular because of their intelligence and their affectionate nature. they love to cuddle and be held. they are non-shedding and therefore are hypo-allergenic.
[cn-social-icon]© pampered piglets 2024. all rights reserved    



