












welcome — lancaster church of the brethren




























lancaster church of the brethren
menu

main menu
skip to content
main sections

home

worship—how we worship

how we worship
contemporary
traditional
spanish (español)



ministries—how we reach out

how we reach out
adults
youth
children
outreach
music



events—how to participate


preschool


general information, tools, and resources

about

who we are
meet our staff


news
giving
media

video & audio
facilities calendar


resources
contact
preschool

connect

join us on facebook
watch our youtube channel



donate to lcob




donate to lcob






 

 

 

 





welcome to lancaster church of the brethren

welcome to lancaster church of the brethren and thanks for taking the time to find out more about us! guided by the bible and informed by our anabaptist heritage, we seek to love and follow jesus, serve our community and world, and invite others to experience peace with god and each other.

whether you’re searching for answers to life’s perplexing questions or maybe even looking for a new church home, wherever you are in your journey, we encourage you to experience all we have to offer. we invite you to get to know us and discover how god is being exalted in the midst of our church through special groups, classes, music, and fellowship.
our traditional and contemporary services are live-streamed each sunday. keep scrolling for our most recent services. for an archive of past services and events, visit the media page of this website or our youtube channel. 




join us wednesday nights
wednesday night live (wnl) is back in action and will continue each wednesday through april 9! wnl begins with a meal in the worship & event center at 5:30, followed by children’s music at 6:10, activities for all ages at 6:30, and musical rehearsals. for the adult class in the chapel, pastor don fitzkee and megan lester will take turns leading the seven-part video series “the anxiety opportunity,” produced by redeemingbabel.org. curtis chang, who was one of the presenters in the fall wnl series, is the presenter. the format includes video segments interspersed with discussion. spanish speakers will meet in room 170 for a time of praise and bible study.








watch our worship services



february 16, 2025


pastor becky fuchs


both/and sermon series: horse & carriage






traditional sanctuary worship




 






morning psalm contemporary worship




 









upcoming events
more events


wednesday night live
thu, feb 20, 2025
						5:30 pm
						
						
see details


wednesday night live
thu, feb 27, 2025
						5:30 pm
						
						
see details


wednesday night live
thu, mar 6, 2025
						5:30 pm
						
						
see details




worship services
more info
contemporary worship10:15 a.m.traditional worshipchapel: 8:00 a.m.
sanctuary: 10:30 a.m.spanish worship10:15 a.m.sunday school for all ages9:00 a.m. 







1601 sunset avenue, lancaster, pa 17601 — get directions  |  (717) 397-4751  |  church@lancob.org

© 2025 lancaster church of the brethren. all rights reserved.



facebook
youtube



























