









point sebago resort | lakefront family campground in maine










































skip to content








						cove communities					








home
all destinations
mh communities
rv parks & resorts
home & cottage sales
specials
 








resort lifestyle
ways to stay
cottages for sale
specials
golf
 




							guest portal						



							book now						




							menu						


							close						







resort lifestyle
ways to stay
cottages for sale
specials
golf






								guest portal													




							directions						




							800-655-1232						











						see all destinations					




						directions					




						800-655-1232					











							search for articles, topics, …						






























book your stay


cottages for sale



















accommodation type
glamping
rentals
rv site
tenting
vacation club













										learn more									









point sebago resort






											view available homes										

											schedule a tour										














point sebago resort
a maine campground creating 50+ years of family traditions 
find more than an escape when you vacation at point sebago resort in casco, maine. the lakefront resort campground is a family favorite offering waterfront cabin rentals, rv sites, glamping tents, and options to own a vacation cottage.
surrounded by the natural beauty of sebago lake state park, this historic maine campground spans 775 acres. located on the shores of maple cove in sebago lake, guests enjoy waterfront access to one of the largest lakes in the pine tree state.
the seasonal lakefront campground offers more than a place to stay. there’s a marina, a full calendar of activities, entertainment, themed weekends, on-site dining, and an 18-hole championship golf course.
the pet-friendly, seasonal resort is open from may to october. 
you’ll find this lakefront gem less than one hour north of portland, me, and a 2+ hour drive from boston, ma.




featured



											all age resort										


											beach										


											marina										


											golf course										


								all amenities							


key info




										site map									




										brochure									




										800-655-1232									




										directions									



								contact							



						all amenities					

						contact					











plan now. play all season.
new seasonal rv sites + winter storage
it’s 6 months of fun, not just 6 days when you upgrade to a seasonal site at point sebago resort. 
enjoy access to everything the lakefront campground offers from may to october. then, leave your travel trailer or rv on site during the off season. 
seasonal sites














new season. 
new deals.
save on cabins, glamping tents, rv sites, and stargazer container cottages. discounts are available for the 2025 point sebago season.
score up to 25% off on midweek stays or find new discounts on extended stays at your favorite maine campground.


						save now					



 

 







why choose point sebago resort?
















 

 

 

 



a lakefront maine campground featuring resort amenities 
discover what keeps campers returning year after year when you stay at point sebago. unlike other campgrounds in maine, point sebago offers resort amenities, beachfront musical entertainment, and games for the whole family. 
become part of the point sebago tradition from the canoe races to the i won it t-shirts. spend the day exploring sebago lake when you rent a boat at moose landing marina or bring your boat and rent a slip. 
the resort features full hookup options for rvs. however, you don’t need an rv to stay at point sebago. choose from several rental options including cabins, tiny homes, glamping tents, and even a lodge for bigger groups.
it’s summer camp for the entire family. so find your escape at point sebago resort for a weekend, a season, or forever.



								check availability							



								resort experience							










golf course memberships
apply now online
hit the links next season whenever you’re at point sebago with a golf course membership.
choose from three different membership levels with or without a golf cart. enhance your membership with extras like driving range access, league, and a usga official handicap.


						rates & applications					



 

 







featured point sebago guests







 

maia millard
millard won cove’s got talent for the 2024 season at point sebago resort with her acoustic version of don’t stop believing by journey.
millard will advance to the cove’s got talent finale in florida in march 2025.
learn more





 

joey fitts & miranda mack-jackson
see the surprise marriage proposal that became a community event and captured hearts at point sebago .
learn more





 

sarah bouffard & alexander barrett
new hampshire residents share their point sebago wedding photos and tips for pulling off a lakeside ceremony at island lodge.
learn more
















staying busy at point sebago resort campground
guests can create their ideal vacation when they book at point sebago. the campground options provide something for everyone. the maine resort is perfect for a girls’ weekend away, golf adventures with the guys, a romantic couples retreat, or families looking to unplug and relax. it’s all about selecting a vacation accommodation that’s right for you.
you’ll never need to leave the resort either.
point sebago resort offers multiple dining options and a popular tiki bar on the beach. check the event calendar before booking your getaway. there are endless activities, live music, and themed weekends. you’ll find additional events for summer holidays, halloween, and the popular murder mystery weekend.


							see activities						










ways to stay at point sebago resort









rv sites
more than a place to park, it’s a place to belong. bring your rv for a weekend or the season. save money by exploring the gas saver program.


																	check availability															





																	check availability															










island lodge
keep your large group under one roof. island lodge is a favorite for family reunions and weddings.


																	check availability															





																	check availability															










glamping
enjoy the great outdoors – with extra style and comfort. it’s a luxury tent with all the amenities, and comforts of a home including an attached bathroom.


																	check availability															





																	check availability															










rental cabins
there’s a cabin to fit every budget with all the charm of camping without a tent. choose from waterfront cabins and premium cabins.


																	check availability															





																	check availability															










vacation homes
spread out with extra space in our vacation club home featuring two bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. 


																	check availability															





																	check availability															










cottages for sale
don’t want to leave? make point sebago your home away from home. browse available lake cabins and give your family the gift of maine camping. 


																	check availability															





																	check availability															











things to do near casco, maine








portland old port


portland, maine
explore the cobblestone streets of this historic neighborhood and make your way to an array of restaurants, craft breweries, art galleries, and cafes.



													expand your culinary tastes												







discover western maine


with 10 of maine’s tallest peaks and gorgeous glacial lakes, west maine is your recreation destination year-round.



													connect with the outdoors												







lighthouses


the maine coastline is famous for it's lighthouses along the rocky shore. you find many of them within a short drive from point sebago.



													explore historical lighthouses												













location and contact










address:
261 point sebago road



casco, maine 04015


reservation:
855-964-2683 |  8am – 8:30pm (est)


front desk:
207-558-8000 | pointsebago@covecommunities.com



8am – 4:00pm (est) | monday – friday 


cottage sales:
(833) 203-0755


golf course:
(207) 558-8040

contact us








specials & discounts
see all specials







  
2025 gas saver discount
								seasonal rv sites starting at $1,215 for the spring or fall season. see the perks at point sebago resort in casco, maine. 								learn more





  
save 25% on midweek vacations
								skip the weekends and save when you stay lakeside during the middle of the week at point sebago resort. see the perks of the midweek vacation discount in casco, maine.								learn more





  
buy 4 nights, get 1 night free
								save big by booking a point sebago cabin for the spring or fall season. see the perks of the gas saver cabin discount in casco, maine.								learn more





  
save on seasonal cabin rentals
								seasonal cabin sites starting at $2,365. save big by booking a point sebago resort cabin for the spring or fall season in casco, maine.								learn more












				from the blog			





















rv upgrades to explore before buying a recreational vehicle




rv travel tips 

see the best rv innovations of 2025 from the tampa rv supershow from modern kitchens, new motorcoach technology, and travel trailer patios.
















							the 5 best rv clubs to join						


rv travel tips 

instead of searching the internet for the best membership options, we’ve put together a list of the top 5 rv membership clubs to join. and trust us, the value is unbeatable!










							plan a waterfront vacation at lakeside rv parks						


rv travel tips 

add a lakeside rv retreat to your bucket list! there are fantastic camping options from maine to florida. see the top lakeside rv parks for any age.










							how to spend the best winter in maine						


renting at a cove resort/community 

embrace the snow this winter in maine with a lakeside vacation rental at point sebago resort with proximity to ski resorts, ice fishing, and snowmobiling.














newsletter sign-up
subscribe to our newsletter for the latest news and exclusive offers.


thank you for subscribing.






find your place in the world

						visit our communities in canada						


						visit our uk destinations						




explore cove

cove blog
about us
join our team
acquisitions
 
contact us

get in touch
(855) 574-4636
2999 n 44th street, ste. 200phoenix, az 85018






















careers at cove
join our group of exceptional team members, who make each cove destination feel like home.

see open positions





















				copyright © 2025 cove communities. all rights reserved.			

privacy policy


terms & conditions








schedule a tour













schedule a tour













request more information
















we use cookies in order to give you the best possible experience on our website. by continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. [privacy policy]



accept

 




















close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 


















