






holly lake campsites – camping at the beach in millsboro












































skip to content















 
homeabout amenities rates photo gallery activities resourceshourscamp store & grilltent campingcabins30-50 ampcontact location








 















welcome to holly lake



































holly lake campsites






holly lake campsites is a family-owned and operated campground on 500 acres of picturesque, rustic woodlands and wetlands. we offer 30- amp and 50-amp full-service hook up with water, electric, and sewer for campers and rvs, tent camping with water and electric access, and primitive cabin rentals.
holly lake campsites is located in millsboro, delaware, just 9 miles from the atlantic ocean and the delaware bay, and is a two-and-a-half- hour drive from the philadelphia metropolitan area, washington dc, or baltimore. we are within minutes of outlet shopping, the area’s best beaches, casinos, and public docks for boat launching and fishing. 




















holly lake camp store & grill






holly lake has a brand-new restaurant that serves the best breakfast in the area and a fully stocked country store where you can purchase everything you need for the ultimate camping experience.
you don't want to make breakfast, you're too busy to make lunch, you're too tired to make dinner, or you simply want a snack or some ice cream. come check out our new restaurant and menu, which includes all of your favorites as well as some new items.
we sell propane, firewood, and ice at our store. what’s a camping trip without sitting around a campfire with a cold beverage?





































guest portal 

















camp store & grill 




















30 & 50 amp 

















tent sites 

















rustic cabins 























/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/hlc-video-1717422216912.mp4





























reserve your site today!






at holly lake campsites, we offer 30 and 50-amp full hook-up sites, rustic tent camping, and charming primitive cabins. our campground is conveniently located near delaware's best-known beaches, historic lewes, rehoboth, and dewey, making it the perfect home base for your beach vacation. these beaches are popular for their clean and family-friendly atmosphere, as well as their proximity to a variety of restaurants, shops, and attractions. in addition to their popularity among families, these beaches also attract water sports enthusiasts, offering a wide range of outdoor activities such as fishing, kayaking, and paddle boarding, making them an ideal destination for adventure seekers. the scenic views and picturesque sunsets also make these beaches a favorite spot for photographers and nature lovers. visitors can also enjoy the state parks and wildlife refuges that are located nearby.
don't miss out on the opportunity to experience all that this coastal area has to offer! in addition to the beaches, there are plenty of other attractions nearby, such as tax-free shopping at the tanger outlets and exploring the historic town of lewes. book your stay now and make unforgettable memories in the "nations summer capitals."
want to book a tent site or cabin? use the "book online" link. if you are looking to make a reservation for a 30 amp or 50 amp site, please call our office at 302.945.3410 to make your reservation today!








book now



















 
















office hours






monday  - friday
8:00 a.m. -4:00 p.m.
saturday - sunday
8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.









our location






32087 holly lake road, millsboro, delaware, 19966









check in/out






check-in time
cabins, rvs, campers, and tents: starts at 3:00pm
check-out time
cabins: 11:00am
campers, rv, and tents: 12:00pm (noon)









connect with us

























stay with us









contact us


 






















© 2025 holly lake campsites. all rights reserved.









designed by techno goober












 




















