








lewis & lambright auctioneering & real estate in lagrange, indiana
















































 






skip to content








call (260) 463-2012 or (260) 463-2013 

facebook 














 real estate listingsauctions past auctionsabout us about lewis & lambrightour realtors®our auctioneersharvey & pat lambright memorialcontact us 














lewis & lambright auctioneering & real estateindigo2024-12-02t15:51:57-05:00 
locally owned and operated, full-service real estate & auctioneerswe proudly serve the real estate markets in lagrange county, noble county, steuben county, dekalb county, and elkhart county, indiana.
call (260) 463-2012 or (260) 463-2013
more than 100 years of experiencelewis & lambright has the experience in marketing your real estate and auctions. with over 100 years of experience, our team of full time realtors® & professional auctioneers are here to meet all your buying and selling needs. our goal has always been to assist you in an honest and professional manner. contact us today to get started. hablamos español.
learn more about usbuyers need homes!now is the perfect time to buy or sell here in northeast indiana. let our professional realtors® guide you from the beginning through the entire process; they have many years’ experience and know lagrange county very well.
we offer market analysis to determine what your home or property is worth. with interest rate hikes fluctuating, contact us now to get the best price!
market analysisour lagrange county real estate listings
the hard-working realtors® at lewis & lambright love our county and love helping to find your dream home!
indiana & michigan auctioneersfrom lewis & lambright’s inception in 1944, auctioneering has been at the heart of what we do. our team of lagrange county auctioneers has vast experience selling real estate, land, and personal property, and we pride on ourselves on bringing the best service possible to our clients.
learn moreclient testimonials
“very personable and always looking out for a buyer’s or seller’s back. very trustworthy people.”
kathy c.
“we worked with denise and johnny! they sold our house and we were happy with all they did for us! i highly recommend them!”
rosie w.
“virgen morales is wonderful! she is always working hard to help both my son and daughter find their homes. i highly recommend lewis & lambright.”
brenda lee w.
“knowledgeable, friendly agents who know their community. great realtors!”
glynna n.
“they are all great to work with, of course i would recommend johnny wainwright.”
pamela w.
“my experience with lewis & lambright was both positive and professional. selling my beloved farm was a difficult decision, but virgen morales exceeded all my expectations and i would highly recommend her.”
dan h.
“denise has always helped me with buying and selling homes. she is awesome!”
kimberly g.
“i strongly recommend this business because the people that work there are so awesome.”
pablo g.
let’s get startedlike to know more about our auction or real estate services? we would love to hear from you!
get in touch



 
 





serving northeast indiana lewis & lambright’s team of full time realtors® & auctioneers are here to meet all your buying and selling needs.

 

 

 

 
 
 





		copyright  lewis & lambright, inc. | all rights reserved | website by indigo web services 


facebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

lewis & lambright auctioneering & real estate












go to top




