








dutch made luxury cabinets - elevating luxury kitchen design


















































































  



 














		skip to content









 










 














 











manchester by the seathis light, airy coastal luxury kitchen design blends chic style and family-friendly living. with design elements inspired by the nearby ocean, it mixes natural and painted wood in our luxury cabinets with vibrant pops of color that hide hard-working, ultra-functional interiors.
dutch made luxury kitchen cabinets elevate the standard of luxe cabinetry through endless possibilities, thousands of custom door colors, sheens and textures, and millwork that finishes the look with exceptional designer detail.
designed by: kathy marshall designfind a designertropical paradisethe dutch made “nouveau” door style, with its rounded, raised edge profile, embellishes the sleek, clean lines of this contemporary luxury  kitchen. the beautiful mix of materials throughout echoes the stunning tropical courtyard view outside.
dutch made luxury cabinets elevate the standard of luxe cabinetry through endless possibilities, thousands of custom door colors, sheens and textures, and millwork that finishes the look with exceptional luxury kitchen design detail.
designed by: the kitchenworksview other projectschef's kitchenthe ability of dutch made to be completely custom, from the luxury cabinetry’s sleek exterior and walnut interior to functional pull-outs, allowed us to create a luxury kitchen design fit for a chef.
dutch made elevates the standard of luxury cabinets through endless possibilities, thousands of custom door colors, sheens and textures, and millwork that finishes the look with exceptional designer detail.
designed by: coastal home design studiofind a designer 

 

 





























functional but cleverthis luxury kitchen design ticks all the boxes for style, functionality and design. a custom recessed panel door with a double frame provides a bold geometric look adding dimension and interest.
the island, in trendy black and navy hues, is formed of cabinetry with wide drawers, and open shelving for a less visually heavy look.
designed by: the kitchenworkscaribbean coastthe coastal views nearly steals the show from the richly stained sepele mahogany custom cabinetry. the nature-inspired interior incorporates natural stone, rich woods, and a spacious design.
this wet bar features rich mahogany doors with glass panels and shelves. led lights highlight the luxury cabinets’ contents and the translucent counter and backsplash.
designed by: signature kitchens & baths of charlestonzoned for homedesigned for how we live today, this luxury kitchen design has a large island with room for all - guests hanging out, kids doing homework, and cooks prepping meals.
designed by: jacob and co1929 spanish colonial revivalwalnut luxury cabinets feature drawer boxes with cut-out fronts that add architectural interest and make identifying contents quick and easy.
designed by: hub of the house by karenempty nester penthousewhen picking a penthouse overlooking lake michigan the idea was to create a view as gorgeous inside as out, while integrating a galley kitchen into the living area for a more open feel.
designed by: ddk kitchen design group 

 

 














 



 







stylish storage solution 



 



									“in this small space, extra seating and storage were needed, so dutch made created a bench seat that’s flanked by ceiling-height pantry cabinets. it’s a beautiful, built-in look.”								



anne dempseyddk kitchen design group 











artisan crafted
door choices 



									from walnut to cherry to ash. from custom colors to wire brushed texture, we have the door to match your style. timeless, tried and true, our doors are made to last a lifetime.								






view all













manhattan, color match on mapleurbana, truffle cerused on rift cut white oakspecial 744a1, pearl white on maple, tawny on cherrynouveau, wedgewood blue on mdfspecial 766a, tawny on walnutspecial 778a, sidewalk grey on mdfspecial 728c, malaguania on walnutchatham, charcoal brush patina on alderwindsor, color match on rift cut white oakrichmond hill, color match on maplespecial 745, rich chocolate on walnutspecial 766, color match on mahogany 

 

 















 
 










our humble
beginnings 



dutch made has built a business on hand-crafting custom doors and luxury cabinets earning the reputation for “if you can dream it, we can build it.” our 52 year history of success began with two men working by gas light in a chicken coop all the while staying committed to their vision to fill the world with beauty. word of mouth and repeat customers has been the testimony of dutch made craftsmanship since 1967.built on the belief that enduring style is achieved by merging art and function, we continue to create beautiful, artisan cabinets with this time-honored technique. our luxury cabinets combine our vision of steadfast tradition and constant evolution with commitment to serve the people who use them. we believe in a world where families gather in the kitchen surrounded by warmth and wonderful craftsmanship that stands up to years of slamming drawers and putting away dishes. while style has changed over the decades, and we have moved beyond our humble beginnings, our passion remains the same- enduring quality that brings timeless beauty for generations. 











- candice haynes, homeowner 







“my parents, grandparents, and uncle have dutch made cabinetry in their home. it has been a trusted name in our family for generations.” 



















 







contact us 



right here in the heartland of america, dutch made was founded on hard work and integrity. calloused hands and long days. pride in building quality products. whether you are looking to become a dealer or find a designer, we are committed to bringing your vision to life. 






become a dealer










find a designer







  10415 roth road, grabill, in 46741corporate: (260) 657-3311showroom: (260) 657-3331 



















 



 



 








 





 




— let’s be social 










 








dutch made luxury kitchen
and bath design center 







10415 roth road, grabill, in 46741
corporate: (260) 657-3311
showroom: (260) 657-3331 







careers  view current openings
dealer portal  login
care and cleaning guide view
hinge and guide replacement view 











© dutch made custom cabinetry 



to access the machine-readable files created and published by anthem bcbs, please click here. 








scroll to top








finda designer 






learn more












become a dealer
project gallery
door gallery
careers
 

become a dealer
project gallery
door gallery
careers
 











request e-brochure 



10415 roth road, grabill, in 46741
(260) 657-3331 

































