 






advanced acupuncture clinic – princeton windsor office park, building 1, 1st floor,  379 princeton-highstown rd., cranbury, nj



































 info@acuherbsclinic.com




call: 609-672-0281 / 609-558-9286








advanced acupuncture clinic
princeton windsor office park, building 1, 1st floor,  379 princeton-highstown rd., cranbury, nj




                menu                
            


home
about
specialties
treatments
faq
contact us
testimonials












home


welcome to advanced acupuncture clinic!

advanced acupuncture clinic, founded in 2004, by yingzhe li, md (china), omd(china), l.ac in nj and ny, provides high quality of health care in full aspects of acupuncture includes body acupuncture, scalp acupuncture, auricular acupuncture, ankle-wrist acupuncture, trigger points acupuncture, electrical-acupuncture, cupping, etc. our chinese herbal medicine includes raw herbal formulas, herbal applications, and powder granules formulas.
our mission is to use our expertise in medial field to help people to  improve their health!




 insurance
we are in-network providers of bluecross/blue shield of nj, aetna; we are out-network providers for united healthcare, cigna, oxford. we take other insurances if your plan covers acupuncture. please check with your insurance first.


 payment
we take personal check, venmo, zelle and cash,. please prepare to pay your treatment in full if your insurance plan does not cover acupuncture, or to pay your copayment or coinsurance amount if your plan covers acupuncture. we will provide all necessary receipts and forms for our patients.






clinic hours monday: 10 am – 5:30 pmwednesday: 10 am – 5:30 pmfriday: 10 am – 5:30 pmtuesday, thursday, sunday: closed

our patients say… dr. li, thank you for the dedication, care and ease you have given us. meeting you was our first step towards the success of having our first child, that was a magic!” after 3 iui, 3 ivf, sought in both western and chinese medicine treatment, after over 10 years of trying, we felt we almost came to an end of the road until we were introduced to dr. li. there was not just all magic, dr. li cared and fully studied our treatment in the past and understood what needs be done, gave both of us acupuncture and raw chinese herbs medicine to regulate our bodies and make sure that we relieve from some of the emotional stresses we have piled up throughout the years, and make sure that we enjoy our visits to her office for treatment. in just less than one year of acupuncture and chinese herbal medicine, my wife was pregnant naturally at 38 yrs old. our daughter is now 6 months and she weights a ton. she’s adorable and smiles all the time.
– matt & hui










advanced acupuncture clinic  2025 . powered by wordpress






