



the bible online


































 













home


the bible


bible answers


bible partners


bible studies


bookstore


daily
            devotional


christ unlimited
            ministries


donations


jesus


overcoming life digest


prayer room


testimonies

youth





daily devotional
daily devotional read a short 5 minute devotional with scripture and prayer everyday. it will help you in your spiritual and practical life. based on the bible's book of wisdom --proverbs.

click here












we invite you to visit our bibleresources.org web site sponsored by christ unlimited ministries




































bible verses of the day










 















 
current events


everywhere in this world we 
                find heartache, strife, sickness, poverty, injustice and a host 
                of other ills. why can't men live in peace and enjoy the good 
                things in this earth? the bible (god's book to mankind) gives us 
                the answer to these questions and tells us how to be born again 
                and what that means. he tells us in his book that all the 
                troubles in the world are due to man's sin.
                click here to find answers. 
                 



read the bible in a year







daily bible reading plan kjv | niv | amp | spanish









bible answers



what does the bible say about...


dealing with grief
  

smoking



end time warnings
judgment 



bible tools



overcoming life series bible study
 teachings that help you lay a proper and systematic foundation in the word of god so you can become an overcomer in christ! if betty miller's writings on this site have been a blessing to you, we are offering the paperback version of the entire overcoming life bible study series. you will receive 9 books and 9 workbooks for a total of 18 books for the price of $200.00. click here to order or read more information about this series.




hosted by christ unlimited ministries





welcome!
                    ministers bud and betty miller, directors of christ unlimited ministries, are hosting this
                    site. their prayer is that you may be blessed as you visit the different areas in the
                    site. they invite you also to pray for them as they carry on this work for the lord. it
                    is their full time ministry.




donations


become a bible partner 
testimonies


tour
                        guide
christ
                        unlimited ministries


personal
                        word from the millers
doctrinal statement 






our mission:
                christunlimited.com helps you know and love god, while spreading the truth of the bible to others,
                through the cutting edge of the internet. this ministry touches people all over the world.
                please ask the lord if you are to be a part of this new evangelistic outreach that teaches
                others about jesus christ. we need your help. your caring donations and prayers make a
                difference in the lives of hurting people who are seeking answers to their complex
                problems. we would be honored to represent you as your cyberspace missionaries. god is
                using this site for 21st century evangelism. 

we appreciate all who help us, not only by monetary gifts, but in the all important
                help of praying for us. 
thank you!!
                blessings, bud & betty miller








chapel bookstore








study book special
 "how to recognize end time deceptions"

all 3 books $25
*personal spiritual warfare,
*mark of god mark of the beast,
*exposing satan's devices.
three powerful books by betty miller to help you be an overcomer in your christian walk.  

more info>>








 




kids talk about god








click here

wanna hear what kids like you have to say about god? click the picture above to watch a video with real kids talking about god.


























 



| the
        bible | bible answers | bible partners | bible studies | bookstore | christ unlimited ministries information
        | contact us | daily devotional | doctrinal statement | donations | overcoming life digest | jesus |  prayer room | tour guide | 
		youth |



home




christ unlimited ministries
        ministry directors: r. s. "bud" & betty miller
        p.o. box 850
        dewey, az 86327, usa
        (928) 632-8005
christ unlimited ministries

contact us









