the #1 denture adhesive | tips for denture wearers | fixodentskip to contentshop productsshop productsprofessionalfixodent professionalfixodent professional with scopeultrafixodent ultra max holdfixodent ultra plus scopeplusfixodent plus breath bacteria guardfixodent plus gum carefixodent plus scopefixodent plus food barriermore fixodentfixodent complete originalfixodent extra hold powderfixodent pure strengthsee all productsadvice & tipsadvice & tipstypes of dentureschoosing between dentures or implantspreparing for denturesfor new denture wearers living with dentures learn more about adhesivessee all advice & tipsfaq about fixodentnewest from fixodentfixodent clubsign upcontact ususa - englishpart of p&g family crest oral b scope p&g rewardscontact ususa - englishsign upshop productsadvice & tipsfaq about fixodentnewest from fixodentfixodent clubselect your region or languageusaunited kingdomgermanyfranceitalyspainsign up forfixodent clubdentist-crafted,all-day holdadhesive powerlearn morepeople like you,expert advice,all inside the club.learn moreseal out food, seal in comfortlearn more123got denture questions? get the answers
from the #1 denture adhesive brand*!from lifestyle advice and beauty tips to cleaning and eating guides, 
fixodent will help you become an expert denture wearer in no time*based on us sales data reported w/e 7/2/22find out morethe words of mouthcheck out what other fixodent users have to say about our products, and join the conversation!fixodent pure strengthso happy with fixodent pure strength. i really do not like unnecessary ingredients in something that touches my mouth many hours a day, so i very much appreciate this formula! i find this so much less irritating than any other formula, it also stays together as in not separating in the tube. i'd love to see a similar formula without zinc someday.- ganadufixodent plus gum caregood product. does the job and holds my plate in place without being gummy. firm hold and i can eat seeded bread without a problem! i usually am really bothered by a lack of hold and a loose plate and glad the fixodent solves that issue.- maryfixodent ultra max holdbeen looking for a better adhesive for my dentures and i have truly found it with this product, fixodent ultra. it gives me an all day hold, and isn't gunky like some other deture adhesives. when removing my dentures it removes easily without the icky residue. definnitely my new go to!- elyseyour source for living well with denturesread our tips for a life with more bite!dentures 101we're here to help make your transition to dentures a little more enjoyable. it can be a big change when you're just getting started, but we've got plenty of advice to help you take on your new life with confidence. these resources show you how to have fun and keep smiling with your new dentures.read morefeel great about your dentureswhen it comes to dining in public, the way you speak, and even navigating intimate situations like kissing your loved ones, we've got a few words of wisdom. check out our selection of guides to keep your confidence up and keep living your best life.read moremastering denture maintenanceyou may need to learn some new dental hygiene habits with your new dentures, but removal, cleaning, and care can be effortless once you get the hang of it. learn how to simplify your everyday denture routine with these guides.read moreall about adhesiveshelping you live a carefree life with dentures is our number one goal. check out these articles to learn about the different types of denture adhesives and how to choose, how to use them effectively, and troubleshooting tips to help you love your life with dentures.read more