 





hidden river resort – florida naturist resort











































 










	skip to content




benude@hiddenriverresort.com











 hidden river resort
florida naturist resort


menu


welcome!
about hrr
events and news
rates and information

guidelines for day visitors


facilities and camping

pets
residential area


contact

privacy policy


 









 about hrr
we welcome first-time visitors to an incredible new experience in a totally stress-free environment….. perhaps you have only fantasized about strolling down a forest path with songbirds above, leading to a sandy beach along the st. marys river – feeling the sun and a soft breeze – with nothing on but your shoes and a […]

check availability




 facilities and camping
88 acres in a stress-free corner of nature’  we offer a full bathhouse with hot showers inside and outside, hot tub, large covered pavilion equipped with an outdoor kitchen, full 30 and 50 amp campsites, tent sites with or without power, as well as a dump station. horses are welcome for trail riding or you […]

check availability




 pets
pets are welcome… pets are welcome – we know you love your pets as much as we love ours!! please keep them on leashes or at your camper at all times. dog walk is located at the end of the big parking field. please pick up your poop. bags are provided for your convenience. due […]

check availability










welcome!


the nudie blues is back for 2025 – check it out on our events page.
every day is a clothes free day at hidden river resort, located on the scenic st. marys river in st. george, florida (right across the florida-georgia state line). facilities at hidden river resort include camping, both electric and non-electric sites, swimming pool, isolated sunning areas along the river, nature trails and plenty of green spaces for throwing a frisbee, meditation, strumming a guitar, sunbathing or simply reading a book. we offer a quiet and relax atmosphere. bring you picnic meals and remember no glass containers. again, if you have not done so yet, mark your calendar for hidden river resort’s annual nudie blues event, april 25-27, 2025. call billie at 912-843-2603 for more information and to make reservations.
at hidden river we invite you to tune in to your mind and body. we also promote respect for our environment, ourselves and others while experiencing family and social nudism. find your own serenity at this 88 acre retreat and find peace and relaxation you have never experienced before.
hidden river is available as a location for photographers  –  by appointment…
hidden river resort is currently looking for a workamper to assist with pool and bathhouse care, some dog feeding and walking occasionally, signing-in guests and escorting them to their sites, plus any odds and ends that may crop up. no salary is offered, but a full hookup would be provided in exchange for 25 hours weekly. some carpentry skills would be plus. please call billie, at (912) 843-2603 .
 
 google review: 

i like this place. not a lot of traffic but the space is wonderful. i came to enjoy being nude…
david sips
i just got back from a weekend tent camping there. billie, roy and julie were all very friendly. the campgrounds are well maintained. i was surprised at how clean the bathroom and toilet was. the pool was cleaner than mine.
any issues i may have had were on me.
rick brown

my husband and i wanted a new adventure and day escape and decided to try this out. it was amazing relaxing and a totally different but exciting experience. everyone we spoke with was respectful and welcoming. we will definitely be going back again. thanks so much to our host.
brittney
i have been there several times and never disappointed. very quiet area.
richard lee

amazing,a must see..
charles carter
great place to be free! pool was cold, but it’s the weather. path to the small river is great! people and staff were all great! i hope to come back as its real quiet and nice to do your own thing! thanks paul,…..camp fire and eats made a real special day and place!
captain paul braun
love going to hidden river! the secluded location is perfect for relaxing in nature. there are plenty of hiking trails, and the pool is clean, and inviting. looking forward to camping there.
scot h

friendly people and not pushy.
shorty marshall

this is a favorite get away of ours. there a numerous hiking trails and the st. mary’s river. this is the perfect place if you don’t need a lot of fancy amenities.
brad macdonald

been coming to see hrr and miss billie for more than a decade. the only problem wife and i have is we can’t get there enough!
brian b

 
 









hidden river resort | powered by wordpress.















