






lakepoint real estate | belgrade lakes real estate






























 




207-495-3700
accountlog insign up
contact
main navigationsearch propertieslocal searchmap searchsold listingsbuyersbuy with ussellersseller resourceswhat is your home worth?about usmeet our teamour mission, vision & valuestestimonials1% back to mainecontactblogmenuclose buttonlog insign upmy accountsearch propertieslocal searchmap searchsold listingsbuyersbuy with ussellersseller resourceswhat is your home worth?about usmeet our teamour mission, vision & valuestestimonials1% back to mainecontactblogsaved searchesfavorites




portside lakepoint 
local knowledge. exceptional service.
search
home valuation
map search










sign up today!
get fresh listings via email, save your favorite listings, match with similar properties, and unlock additional property info.



create your account



















do not fill in this field: 





already have an account? log in





desktop rec searchpopular searchesall belgrade lakes listingsbelgrade lakes waterfrontcentral maine waterfrontcentral maine residentialbelgrade lakes townssugarloaf area (new)new lakefrontview all30 mile watershed10+belgrade lakes watershed20+great and long ponds10+belgrade lakes region waterfront20+messalonskee mcgrath salmon<10 new waterfront listings (30 days)10+central maine lake properties120+great pond<10belgrade120+long pond<10all homes in central maine320+sugarloaf area40+central maine waterfront land30+lakepoint real estate agency listings10+all belgrade lakes region listings120+east pond<10great pond<10long pond<10messalonskee lake<10north pond<10salmon lake<10mcgrath pond<10central maine waterfront40+central maine residential240+mercer<10mount vernon10+oakland30+rome10+sidney20+smithfield<10belgrade30+sugarloaf condos10+sugarloaf homes60+sugarloaf land40+new lakefront listings10+all listings1000+search all area listings1000+view all


explore
		properties
	










search
                        	waterfront properties
                        










search
                        	single family homes
                        










search
                        	the belgrade lakes
                        










search
                        	featured properties
                        










sell with us
                        	selling your home
                        










explore
                        	our lakes
                        










search
                        	waterfront luxury
                        










search
                        	communities
                        










search
                        	our listings
                        

















sign up today!
receive new listing notifications and save your searches.







hello !
receive new listing notifications and save your searches.



sign up 
log in 


my account 



207-495-3700
info@portsidereg.com



lakepoint featuredlistings

lakepoint featured listingspreviousnext61 cobbossee lane manchester me 04351acreage15.6square feet4,624bathroom4bedrooms4list price$1,945,000waterfrontyesbuilding number61streetcobbossee lanetownmanchesterstatemedetailsfree account requiredregister or sign in to view61 cobbossee lane manchester me 043513012 fir avenue carrabassett valley me 04947acreage0.92square feet3,099bathroom4bedrooms4list price$1,499,000building number3012streetfir avenuetowncarrabassett valleystatemedetailsfree account requiredregister or sign in to view3012 fir avenue carrabassett valley me 04947
view all
map search





welcome to lakepoint real estatecommunityconnected to our communityfounded in 2012, portside real estate group is a locally and woman-owned, residential real estate agency with offices throughout maine & new hampshire. our mission is to bring a more personalized approach to the home buying and selling process – and we’re committed to the communities we serve.in 2024, portside lakepoint was established, as a strategic collaboration between lakepoint real estate and portside real estate group. lakepoint currently serves as the leading agency in the belgrade lakes region and has been listed as #1 in kennebec county.we believe that if we care about our neighbors, the difference we make collectively will be sustainable and life changing for our fellow mainers. we believe in making a lasting impact, and partner with local nonprofits, working hand-in-hand with organizations that contribute to positive change within our communities.our services our team





our clients are talking"i have worked with portside/lakepoint realty twice and found my experience with them and agent trisha cheney to be nothing short of outstanding. she was very knowledgeable and helpful all through the buying and selling process. i wouldn’t hesitate to recommend them to a friend."    c.k09 december 2024, 13:52 pm"trisha is amazing! she helped us sell a house and buy a small piece of land a year and a half ago. an opportunity arose to purchase an abutting piece of property. i reached out to tricia for guidance. she called me right away and explained the process and offered her thoughts. if you need to sell a property or you are looking to purchase, tricia is your gal.! she has a wealth of knowledge and lots of contacts to assist with almost any need. at the end of the process, you will have gained a [...]06 december 2024, 13:54 pm" update! trisha represented us in the purchase of a camp on long pond in 2021 - see that review below. the highest recommendation i can give her is that we engaged her again this past summer to help us find another, larger lakefront property for our growing family. she did a great job, and we’re so happy with our new place, just a stone’s skip up the lake from the other one. trisha was once again the consummate professional- responsive, well-informed, on top of every detail. and eager to do [...]28 october 2024, 12:28 pm"trisha was a pleasure to work with as our buyer agent. she was extremely proactive, responsive and tuned into what we were looking for in a home. she knows the belgrade lakes area in and out and i don’t know of another realtor with a science background who can so thoroughly educate their clients on water quality (a critical consideration when purchasing waterfront property). i would highly recommend her to help sell your home or find you a new one!                [...]24 october 2024, 11:24 amtrisha cheney at lake point realty in the belgrade region of maine was recommended to us by a friend, and was billed as "super motivated, and and absolute go getter." when tasked with the marketing and sale of our property. in all honesty, we thought that the there may have been some exaggeration in the statement, but wow, no truer words could have been spoken. polite, fun, extremely detailed-oriented, and somewhat clairvoyant in her anticipation of any obsticles that might slow the process of [...]19 august 2024, 10:55 am"trisha cheney was a pleasure to work, when i sold my home.  she quickly proved to be knowledgeable of the area and the real estate market.  she continued throughout the process to provide updated real estate values in the area while my home was on the market.  the video of my home was one of the best i have seen.  i would recommend trisha cheney without reservation for her knowledge, professionalism, caring manner, dependability and negotiation skills."    h. r.     july 2024 [...]16 july 2024, 14:37 pm"we want to thank trisha cheney, and her team, for a great job arranging the sale of our house, and all the little details in between, especially while we were residing out-of-state. first of all, tricia went above and beyond to get through our many obstacles. the listing itself was incredible, they really brought out the houses' personality, highlighting it's maine woods feel. we were impressed by her knowledge of the area & all it had to offer, as well as the market for the area. she [...]03 march 2024, 15:25 pm"trisha was amazing to work with. our family had some pretty specific requirements for a multi-generational waterfront property. she was with us every step of the way until we found the perfect fit. she added a wealth of knowledge to our search and was always quick to respond to questions. i would highly recommend trisha cheney and the team at lakepoint real estate!"    l.s. 11 december 2023, 11:52 am"trisha cheney was a pleasure to work with. no pressure, all support. i recommend this agency whole heartedly."    k. p. 13 november 2023, 12:25 pm"i worked with trish for over three years to find the right property. she was patient and understanding of my needs throughout the process. i definitely recommend lakepoint real estate."    j.r 9/202312 september 2023, 13:42 pm     "linda schultz is a great realtor. her years of knowledge and experience of the real estate market for belgrade lakes and the surrounding region are second to none. we highly recommend her and lakepoint real estate."     b.l. 8/30/202331 august 2023, 11:40 am"excellent agency. successfully found the perfect camp. the best part of the agency was trish, our agent: diligent, forthright, ceaseless in her efforts to find us a property, seemingly at our "beck and call" and a delightful and very knowledgeable realtor to work with."     skip s. 8/202310 august 2023, 13:53 pm"we worked with amy bernachez and she was awesome!! we encountered a few glitches in our sale and she worked really hard for us and went the extra mile to make it all happen in the end. she is not only very personable but extremely knowledgeable! i’d work with her again in a heartbeat!"    lyy- 7/202313 july 2023, 09:48 am"trisha cheney from (belgrade) lakepoint real estate was tremendous in helping buy our new house in belgrade, me while still owning our house in rangeley, me. to ensure that we could purchase our belgrade home before selling our rangeley home trish recommended a bridge loan and even hooked us up with a local bank loan officer. the process went smoothly and was successful. in the mean time she sold our rangeley, me home in just a couple of days, for more than the listing price.    trish [...]15 may 2023, 09:31 am" i can’t say enough good things about trish and the lakepoint team! trish went above and beyond at every stage of the process and her follow up post sale has been incredible. as a first time lake house buyer, trish’s knowledge about location(s), lake ecology, and her network of contractors has made the process so much smoother."    j.d.c     05/01/2301 may 2023, 12:38 pm"i met trisha cheney in spring of 2022, under tough personal circumstances. we had a legacy property in rangeley which we needed to sell. she visited us in greater portland area to talk to us. she was informed, knowledgeable and a master in real estate. our subsequent visits, phone calls, emails and texts when necessary kept us up to date on everything she did. she was exceptional in helping us with the sale. our property sold because of all the positive effort she put in the process. we [...]24 april 2023, 11:44 amview all testimonials






our approach
a proven marketing strategy
when selling your property, there are many options for choosing a real estate professional. we take a
                    focused approach to selling your property. we focus on a marketing strategy to attract the buyer for
                    your property. we are not just selling a house or land. we are selling a lifestyle, a community and
                    a lake, in addition to your property.
                    
                    when you sell your property with lakepoint, you have chosen a locally owned company that is
                    committed to the community we serve. we have a better understanding of what it takes to sell
                    properties in this area. our knowledge of the market, local regulations, resources and the community
                    is unsurpassed.

seller services














listings booklet
download page pdf 

207.495.3700
info@portsidereg.com
221 main street
belgrade lakes, me 04918get directionsquick linkscreate a searchlakepoint listingslakefront homesfeatured listingsarea rentalspopular searchessold searchlistings bookletsearch footernew waterfront listingsbelgradelong pondsugarloaf areacentral maine lake propertiesgreat pondsingle family homescentral maine waterfront landportsideconnectfacebooklinkedinyoutubetwitterpinterestinstagram
listing data is derived in whole or in part from the maine idx & is for consumers' personal, non commercial use only. dimensions are approximate and not guaranteed. all data should be independently verified. ©2025 maine real estate information system, inc. all rights reserved.    privacy policy

portside lakepoint participates in ©2025 maine listings internet data exchange program, allowing us to display other maine idx participants' listings. this website does not display complete listings. certain listings of other real estate brokerage firms have been excluded. mortgage figures are estimates. check with your bank or proposed mortgage company for actual interest rates. this product uses the fred® api but is not endorsed or certified by the federal reserve bank of st. louis.



privacy policy

