




silicon glen, scotland - scottish culture and innovation




































scottish saltire
(pantone 300)










scotland's first internet guide - silicon glen

















tartan day
| robert burns
| scottish weddings
| scotland blog

| website design
| genealogy
| search engines
| st. andrew's day

| scotland's culture
| scottish jobs
| domains for sale
|  subscribe to this site

















 


the web

this site











 


 





 

fàilte! scotland's internet guide - founded 1994

tweet

 view craig's linkedin profile
about silicon glen
silicon glen is the name given to the 
      scottish computing and 
technology sector and especially the central belt of scotland. this part of scotland
is home to a large number of companies from startups to established multinationals, including

amazon's first development centre outside the us. scotland is also a major manufacturing base - if you're looking for a computer to buy, try our 
computer shops page. 




in addition, silicon glen in scotland is also home to a large number of
universities in the area, which produce world class graduates for local
businesses. scotland produces more university and college graduates per-head of population than anywhere else in europe. view the movie about silicon glen.
about scotland
the scots have a worldwide
reputation for engineering
excellence. scotland also has an excellent quality of life. as the home
of golf, 
whisky (whiskey), 
the world's biggest arts festival, 
hogmanay,
gretna green, some of the world's finest 
traditional music and the "auld country" for anyone interested in

tracing their scottish roots, we have much
to offer culturally too. there's also all the usual tartan and bagpipe information
including information on 
plaid, 
tartan traditions, 
kilts, 
haggis and the popular 

highland games.

for information on tourist trips to scotland the excellent hotels combined site will allow you to search and book accommodation.
about siliconglen.scot
this site has generated media enquiries from 
      abc news, world news tonight
, sky news and 
the bbc

and enquiries from companies wanting to invest here. we've even helped the weakest link set questions about
scottish culture!
siliconglen.scot was set
up and developed by  craig cockburn.
craig is an award winning programme manager (prince2, agile, dsdm, msp) on enterprise level websites and applications, is a director of siliconglen ltd, and has researched for techcrunch and worked as project manager for many high profile sites and as cio for a techcrunch40 startup. craig has an interest in search engines and the semantic web and dsdm (agile project management). craig worked as the programme manager on the southwark council website which subsequently won "it project team of the year award" from the british computer society. he has worked since 2011 as an enterprise agile coach, his story documented in agile an unexpected journey, available on amazon. he has been writing about remote working since 1992 and some of his articles are on medium. he is one of the first people in the world to complete the red team thinking course, follow the podcast.

i am very interested in being contacted about new opportunities for agile coaches, cto, cio level positions etc. you can view my profile on linkedin, or or on twitter, or read about the pagelink browser i invented in 1990. siliconglen ltd works in close partnership with companies outside scotland such as elite training (belfast), crowdspirit (france), 
directgov - uk cabinet office, vanquish (usa) and full tilt (ireland). i get work by looking for jobs on the various job boards. in his spare time, i enjoy promoting traditional culture, 
especially gaelic song. 
      mail craig.
if you want added to our
list of links about scotland, or 
site
links, please contact us.




site notices








site highly rated by schoolzone.co.uk












navigate










 

guide to scotland
about scotland
celtic information
scots language
scottish music
literature & poetry
festivals in scotland
gaelic language
gaelic song & music
song lyrics
scottish dance
scottish history
traditions & culture
food, drink & pubs
travel & what's on
areas & places
sport & recreation
education
media & broadcasting
government & politics
internet & computing
further reading
scotland faq contents.
scotland faq home.

celtic
culture
celtic culture faq.
celtic faq contents

news
it jobs in scotland.
scotsman news.
the herald.

business
scottish
enterprise
silicon glen
scotlandis
scottish equity partners














 





last updated: 30th september 2021, ©1994-2021. privacy policy. please contact us here.
        



