















sarpy county, ne | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in



















 












search







 
 
 


    residents      government      services      how do i...  


 

 

 

 






 












 














property search








vehicle registration & titles








apply for a job








maps










 
 














agendas & minutes








court calendars








whistleblower hotline








elections










 
 
 



















  
 
 









 














news & announcements


	important info to know
 






  
 
 















sarpy county board approves new leadership in 2025 


commissioner david klug has been selected as the 2025 chair of the sarpy county board of commissioners. commissioner don kelly will serve as vice chair.						read on...







2025 preliminary property valuations to be posted online 


contact the assessor's office by friday, feb. 28, should you feel the valuation does not reflect market value.						read on...







5 sarpy county officials sworn in 


judges sarah moore and george thompson oversaw the oath-taking ceremony at the courthouse.						read on...







sarpy budget invests in future growth 


the sarpy county board of commissioners on tuesday, sept. 10, voted 4-0 to approve the fiscal year 2025 budget, setting the stage for county growth projects.						read on...







sarpy county honors 4 dispatchers for lifesaving actions, assisting with births on 911 calls 


the sarpy county board of commissioners also on tuesday proclaimed april 14-20, 2024, as national public safety telecommunicators week in sarpy county.						read on...







‘an important investment in alert technology:’ sarpy county updates siren system 


the project includes updating and replacing existing sirens and adding additional sirens to the county’s coverage area, including near recreational areas along the platte river.						read on...







major investment in west sarpy roads open and under budget 


today, the new infrastructure supports more than a dozen development sites, including significant gretna public schools expansion.						read on...







dr. kimberly clawson to lead innovative psychiatry fellowship at sarpy county correctional center 


the goal is to treat inmates’ psychiatric needs, connect them with community resources and ultimately set them up for more positive outcomes upon release.						read on...







sarpy sheriff's office earns calea accreditation 


the purpose of accreditation is to improve public service by maintaining and following comprehensive law enforcement standards.						read on...







sarpy county volunteers recognized for outstanding community service, awarded $500 scholarships 


lauren dolson of omaha and cassie albino of la vista were nominated for the scholarships, funded by the sarpy county sheriff’s office foundation, for their volunteer work with the teen court program.						read on...







sarpy sheriff unveils eberle-walden crime victims memorial 


the memorial, which also honors all crime victims, is located at the sarpy county courthouse at the east entrance of the administration building near the base of the stairs.						read on...







monthly tests of outdoor warning siren system in sarpy county moving to wednesdays 


the new wednesday schedule will better facilitate system upkeep.						read on...







2022 annual report: a message from the sarpy county board 


the last year in sarpy county has been historic. in 2022, the board of commissioners approved sarpy county’s lowest tax rate since at least 1985 while also funding mission-critical services.						read on...







sarpy county unveils cpl. daegan page street 


a portion of gertrude street from 157th and emiline streets to south 162nd avenue and harrison streets now carries a “cpl. daegan page street” honorary designation.						read on...







wastewater agency breaks ground on new sewer system 


the unified southern sarpy wastewater system is expected to open 97,000 new parcels for development in southern sarpy county.						read on...







sarpy county to dedicate street  in honor of corporal daegan page 


a portion of gertrude street from 157th and emiline streets to south 162nd avenue and harrison streets will carry a “cpl. daegan page street” honorary designation.						read on...







sarpy county update: tour the new sarpy county correctional center 


learn more about the construction process in this month's what's happening in sarpy county video.						read on...







wastewater agency receives state revolving fund loan to fund construction of sewer system 


the sarpy county and cities wastewater agency crossed a major hurdle this week in its efforts to build a sanitary sewer in southern sarpy county. the agency will use a zero-interest loan from ndee to fund construction of the first phase of the system.						read on...







major road projects connecting northwestern sarpy county 


drive across northwestern sarpy county, the transformation is evident. roads that were once narrow and gravel are being transformed, and an efficient, modern road network is taking shape.						read on...







video: sarpy county lays groundwork for major economic development projects 


local leadership and great communities help attract economic drivers like facebook. it also takes planning and investments in infrastructure. here's a look at what attracted facebook's sarpy data center and other major projects to our community.						read on...







serving sarpy: dispatcher and national guard medic responds to pandemic 


jake harrer never expected that his first large-scale activation as a member of nebraska army national guard would involve administering covid-19 vaccinations.						read on...







sarpy county breaks ground on new correctional center 


construction will begin within days on the new 150,000-square-foot facility on the sarpy county courthouse campus at 84th street and highway 370.						read on...







sarpy sheriff’s office, nrd unveil new airboat 


the sheriff's office will use the boat for river patrols as well as during search and rescue operations.						read on...







keep in touch 


stay in touch with us by following us on twitter or becoming our liking our page on facebook.						read on...







mental health diversion serves as an alternative to incarceration 


sarpy county made a significant commitment to helping those experiencing mental illness with the creation of the mental health diversion program.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














latest news 


	stay up to date
 






  
 












sarpy county offices closed on feb. 17 to recognize presidents' day 

public safety and emergency services will continue to operate.				read on...







2025 homestead exemption application now available; file by june 30 

the homestead exemption provides relief from property taxes by exempting all or a portion of the taxable value of the residence to qualified individuals.				read on...







sarpy county board approves new leadership in 2025 

commissioner david klug has been selected as the 2025 chair of the sarpy county board of commissioners. commissioner don kelly will serve as vice chair.				read on...







sarpy third graders can spread weather safety awareness through poster contest 

entries are due to the sarpy county emergency management agency on or before feb. 7.				read on...






view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







sarpy county courthouse campus
1210 golden gate drive
papillion, ne 68046
402-593-2100

sarpy county 1102 building
1102 e. 1st street
papillion, ne 68046
 






  
 









    





 
 



  
 







quick links







emergency management



marriage licenses



online vehicle renewal



resident resources









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



copyright notices



americans with disabilities act (ada) policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









