





blue august


























































skip to content











 




















 





 











branding + strategy & innovation = change​ 



the world is an ever changing place. at blue august we believe that staying competitive in the marketplace is all about reinvention; constantly adapting your message and approach to stay on top. cutting edge creative and on target public relations are the tools we use to make that happen. we are the message makers and the message movers… your success is our business. 











 
more about us

























an award winning full-service digital marketing studio 






						at blue august, we are passionate about the power of creativity. it’s a force that can work wonders, transforming the mundane into the extraordinary. we believe that creativity is all about reinvention, a fresh perspective that can change the way you see the world. it’s that spark of inspiration that ignites your imagination and fuels your drive to succeed. while you focus on perfecting your product, we’ll focus on crafting a message that resonates with your audience, leaving a lasting impression that inspires and motivates.					














								public relations							

								social media,
editorial,
event management,
sponsorship management							





















								marketing							

								branding,
media plans,
print, broadcast,
online placements							





















								multimedia							

								graphic design, video and audio production, motion graphics, web and interactive design							





















								publishing							

								content creation, engaged audience, end to end digital or traditional publication design and management							























 



















































































































contact 







phone: + 731 512-0080
 



email: hello@blueaugust.com 



116 east lafayette
jackson, tn 32804 















								name							




								email							




								message							
 



send message
















































