






charles county literacy council |















































home
about us

our board and staff


volunteer

ways to volunteer
tutor workshop

proliteracy education network
online videos


tutor resources
volunteer monthly update report
faq (volunteer)


students

faq (students)
español


events

trivia with a twist 2025
adult spelling bee 2023

adult spelling bee 2020


balloon pop 2021


news

newsletters


testimonials
contact us
donate
 





select page


  
 



 



 















































charles county literacy council
the charles county literacy council provides free one-on-one tutoring in reading, basic math, and english for speakers of other languages (esol) to our adult students, including those who request help with math and reading comprehension so they can pass the asvab (armed services vocational aptitude battery) and go on to serve our country. your financial donations ensure that we can continue to provide these much needed services to our community.








trivia with a twist!

join the charles county literacy council for our annual fundraiser on january 25, 2025!
get ready for a night of pub style trivia — with a cclc twist!
 
for more information, tickets, and sponsorship opportunities:
click here












volunteer
cclc is always looking for individuals who are able to assist us. become a tutor! if you can read, you can tutor.





donate
without you, we would not be able to provide valuable reading and math tutoring services to adults in charles county.






students
cclc is dedicated to helping charles county residents (age 18 or older) improve their literacy and math skills through our tutoring efforts.





“words mean more than what is set down on paper. it takes the human voice to infuse them with deeper meaning.”
~ maya angelou





spotlight
we are excited and very pleased to announce and welcome two new members to our board – our new secretary lynne fairfax and new member-at-large bill stea. both join our fantastic and dedicated executive board members, president sally matts, vice president monique robinson-poole, treasurer karla costello, and member-at-large ray barnett.
the literacy council making its impact in our community on adult literacy education.








hear adult learners share their stories.










audio availability
when text is highlighted throughout our site, an audio/speaker icon will appear, allowing guests to click the icon and hear the highlighted word(s).







our partners



























about us

the charles county literacy council, inc., a not-for-profit organization, provides one-on-one adult literacy tutoring to ensure that all adults have the access to quality education needed to fully realize their potential as individuals, parents, and citizens. all tutoring and books are provided at no charge to our adult learners.


more about us


get in touch

charlescountyliteracy@comcast.net301-934-6488


more ways to get in touch


visit our office

united way house10250 la plata road (route 488)p.o. box 2672la plata, md 20646


direction and maps

 






facebook




x




instagram




rss


designed by zane networks | charles county literacy council, inc. 











click to listen highlighted text!












