







home - bay area jewish healing center

























































here for you

for those who are mourning

types of support
get spiritual counseling
funeral faqs
grief & growing™
azkarah: service of remembrance
bereavement support groups
when a child dies


when someone is dying

ethical wills
funeral faqs


when you are iii

living with chronic illness
mental illness & outreach
advanced healthcare directives
torah reflections™


neonatal + infertility loss

neonatal + infertility loss




spiritual care during pandemic
for rabbis & professional caregivers

workshops and consultations
continuing education opportunities
professional grief caregivers’ network
mo(u)rning conference
individual colleague consultation
hospital support services


for community partners

education and training
inmate support programs
rabbi-led holiday programs
shabbat services


 






get involved

general fund
special funds
no one alone
healing, humor and hope may 2, 2021
volunteer

become an end-of-life hospice volunteer
shabbat services




stories & resources

stories
resources
torah reflections™
community links


about us

mission & values
board of directors
rabbis & staff
financial overview
agency awards & recognitions
donors
ask our rabbis


 









the bay area jewish healing center has closed.  please reach out to your local board of rabbis or synagogue for resources that can help you.






healing center to close june 30, 2022
learn more




revisit our evening of healing, humor and hope   
learn more




we're here for you
get spiritual support




pandemic support
learn more






 

are you in grief? learn about our bereavement spiritual support groups
grief is not a pathology. it is a normal response to loss. 

read more



 

nearly every jewish family has been impacted by mental illness. it’s time we talk about it.
we have offered individualized support to people and families who are struggling with mental illness, and wider community programs to help reduce the stigma attached it.

learn more



 

stories are an ancient and essential part of our tradition. explore our collection.
these stories and resources draw from the wisdom of our community, and our rabbis, and from the comforting traditions of our ancestors before us.

explore



 

good grief: a mo(u)rning conference in the morning
grief explorations and innovations by a new generation
co-sponsored by the bay area jewish healing center and sinai memorial chapel
held on august 25th, 2020 over zoom. 
the conference featured a moderated panel of four young people who have created and explored new and cutting edge modalities for both grief care and grief expression, largely through different online platforms.

the mo(u)rning conference panelists were:
rabindra hayashi
rabindra hayashi is an anthropologist who researches both digital life and death. his research topics include digital thanatology, ludology, and human-computer interaction. rabindra received his master of social science at the university of chicago and has presented his research at various conferences run by the university of chicago, oxford university, and the london school of economics. he currently lives in the bay area, where he is pursuing his doctorate in anthropology at the university of california, berkeley.
rachel reichblum
after losing both of her parents to brain cancer in the last few years when she was in her 20s, rachel reichblum started her instagram account @thatgoodgrief chronicling quotes that have resonated with her, reflections on her day-to-day with grief, and the professional resources she’s found. she’s providing content for others in this terrible club so they feel less alone, and sharing resources to the friends and extended family who want to help, but really just don’t know where to start.  she is currently sheltering-in-place on the east coast and works in tech for her day job.
sami feld, mph
since 2016, sami has been a host with the dinner party, which is a community of 20-and 30-somethings who have experienced significant loss and gather to build connection and community over potluck dinner parties. she has also co-facilitated weekend retreats at urban adamah for young adults who have experienced significant loss. when the covid-19 pandemic hit, sami joined a group of organizers to launch the covid grief network, aimed at undoing the isolation for young adults grieving the illness or death of someone close to covid-19. sami is based in santa rosa, ca and in her day job she plans and evaluates programs and services for justice-involved individuals in sonoma county.
cecilia yang
cecilia yang created the imaginary library when she decided to do a 100 day project in 2018 after her mom passed away.  for a hundred days, she explored grief and the things that are felt but are often unsaid. more than two years later, she continues to draw as a part of her ongoing grief care. through this project cecilia has been lucky to experience thousands of small moments of connectedness with strangers. her full time job is leading a design team at airbnb in san francisco.
we wish to thank institute on aging for their assistance.  ioa will deliver ceus in the following categories: camft (for lcsws, mfts, lpccs and leps), provider #135377; and  mcle (attorneys/licensed fiduciaries), provider # 13264. the bay area jewish healing center will be providing ceus for registered nurses. the rn ceu provider no: cep15994.
 



 






©2021 bay area jewish healing center.



 



dear friends,
thank you for having rsvp’d for the bay area jewish healing center’s evening of “healing, humor and hope.”  for those of you who were able to participate we hope the experience was meaningful, inspiring and fun! for those who may have missed the program, it will be posted on the healing center website toward the end of the week.
a special mazel tov to our honorees, and thank you again to the event planning committee, the host committee, dr. bj miller, evan wolkenstein, story & joke tellers and all of the event sponsors:

moldaw family
cathy dobbs goldstein and phil goldstein
john pritzker family fund
nancy boughey
mary de may, m.d.
sara and gregg rubenstein
donna and stephen dobrow
julie and david levine
amy and jonathan seff
deborah and larry stadtner
michelle and keith tandowsky
linda and steven monosson
barbara hood and larry cook
dr. ingrid tauber and frank taforo
varda rabin
betsy and joel hausman
anne bakar and yossi zadik
regina deangelis
barbara bakar
lisa s. pritzker
leah and benjamin bloom
robbie cohn
laura century and lee unkrich
rabbis sheldon and janet marder
lenore and charles bleadon
daniela kleiman and pablo buki
rose and chris barlow
dick seff


kate and peter fenner
gail stern
marci and marc dollinger
michael and joan fox
ellen and barry finestone
susie and joel cohen
anne germanacos
michael bien
sandy and esther stadtler
congregation rodef sholom
congregration emanu-el
jerilyn gelt
yvonne and gary goddard
barry goode
gittel and nachman goodman
daryl messinger and james heeger
hollingsworth family
fred isaac and robin reiner
linda and thomas kalinowski
connie levi and alan robin
julie mayer
jamie and mark myers
jan reicher
jennifer and scott rodrick
ilana and neal tandowsky
marilyn zimmerman and robert mickel
kory and linda zipperstein
roberta and murray zucker

if you did not have an opportunity and would like to make a donation, please click below.
donate here
thank you to each of you for supporting the work of the bay area jewish healing center and the community we serve.
 


			close			





signup for torah reflections™ emails
we’d love to stay in touch! sign up below to receive occasional updates.

 










*required









			close			





signup for email updates
we’d love to stay in touch! sign up below to receive occasional updates.

 










*required









			close			














			close			





















