











enota – explore, play, fish, tube, hike, learn, and discover magic right now!





































 






about
plan your trip
amenities
contact us
book now
 












book now for the summer 2023 season!




loading rates and availability...

 












accommodations
numerous options to meet the needs of any group.

learn more





retreat / weddings
event spaces & meeting rooms.

contact us at enota@enota.com for more information





healthy eating
healthy home style meals.

coming soon





enota is the perfect mountain escape to spend time with your friends and family


enota is a world class unique conservation facility and retreat center that is nestled in the mountains of north georgia and is surrounded by the chattahoochee national forest. the property, which is known to be sacred to the native americans and their descendants that once called the area home, eventually became camp pioneer in the 1940s and was run by the atlanta ymca. for over forty years, camp pioneer served the children of atlanta and surrounding areas as one of georgia’s greatest summer camps – we still have alumni visit to day to reminiscence of their childhood experiences.
in 1986, the property changed hands and became camp pioneer resort under ownership by the excel group, ltd., which in turn made numerous improvements to the existing infrastructure that guests see today and kept the pioneer spirit alive. following a subsequent change of ownership in 1998, the current owners continue to be passionate about sustainability and serve as stewards to the land. as it has been for generations, enota is the perfect place to escape from the hectic pace of life, take in the fresh mountain air, and experience some of the cleanest water in the southeast in our five bubbling streams and from the one-of-a-kind, pristine waterfalls that are adjacent to the property.















our location
enota is at the highest private elevation property in georgia, nestled in a lush valley among the mountains in the shadow of brasstown bald, which has an elevation of 4780 feet. enota is centrally located 15 miles each way from the charming mountain towns of helen, blairsville, hiawassee and young harris, and approximately 7.5 miles from the magnificent brasstown bald viewing center. each town has numerous options for dining, several breweries, and festivals depending on the season. for hiking enthusiasts, we are ideally located approximately 1.5 miles from the appalachian trail, with the access point being on the left of the entry road as guests approach the lodge. in addition, there are several small hikes located on the property itself.
open enota map

















enjoy the tranquility of the mountains while reconnecting with friends and family
enota is a sustainability and conservation facility located on sixty historic acres
drop by the beautiful old restored lodge and share the warmth from the huge stone fireplace and shop in enota’s fair-trade gift shop. enjoy the quiet nature of enota’s sixty acres by relaxing near the cool refreshing waters and soothing ponds. get to know new friends or spend quiet moments with loved ones.









enota's organic farm and garden














reviews









testimonials
what our  people say






this place is absolutely gorgeous!!! we had a blast hiking to the waterfalls, touring the farm and garden, and playing in the creek. justin at the farm let my girls, pet the goats, and search the chicken coop for eggs. everyone was really friendly and helpful. the kids loved the in-ground trampolines. can't wait to return!
brandi & dan, georgia
19.08.2021


the waterfalls are a bit of a hike to find, but it's worth the walk. 
aryan & kat
05.05.2021










packages
explore our retreat, workshop and seminar packages











full retreat packages
designed just for you – we offer a variety of meeting & retreat packages to suit every gathering and age group. we’ll assist you in creating a seamless event and delightful experience.
let us host your next family reunion, church retreat, corporate workshop, community event, yoga or pilates seminar today.
contact us at enota@enota.com for more information






























explore, play, fish, tube, hike, learn and discover magic right now!
enota can accommodate up to 250 people for seminars, workshops, all types of retreats, camps, weddings, festivals, and most other gatherings.
book now









for volunteer and employment inquires, please e-mail us at enota@enota.com
contact us by e-mail at enotamountain@gmail.com to donate or book using btc, matic, ada or eth.













 

about
amenities
plan your trip
contact us
 

reach us
 enota@enota.com
 reservations/questions: +706-896-9966
 after-hours/special events information: 678.708.6010
 1000 highway 180 hiawassee, ga 30546
 






click here to apply for volunteer and employment positions
privacy policy
 

© 2023 enota. all rights reserved













we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.okno




















