








weather boss - eco-friendly stains for wood and surfaces






















































 









skip to content



new website. same great product.
go to...homeusesdeckslogsfences & sidinginterior finishesmarineweather boss xt (roofs & more)order/contactcart
 





weather boss homelgibson842024-12-09t18:54:54+00:00 
discover weather boss stains.lasting protection, naturally.lasting protection, naturally.weather boss is the ultimate in environmentally safe stains and finishes. our high performance formulas are designed to protect and enhance log and timber homes, decks, interior projects, shake roofs, masonry and much more- providing long lasting beauty and durability.


decksweatherproof and beautify decks of all types.
learn more


logsdurable finishes for log homes and wood structures.
learn more


fences & sidingprotect and waterproof wooden fences and siding. 
learn more


interior finishespreserve and enhance a variety of  indoor materials and wood surfaces.
learn more


marinesafeguard boats and outdoor fabrics against the elements.
learn more


weather boss xt (roofs)superior protection for porous, aged materials, like cedar shake roofs.
learn more
trusted by:
residential homeowners

commercial properties

contractors and builders
whether it’s a home improvement project, commercial building, or furniture, weather boss offers innovative solutions that safeguard against weathering, uv damage, and deterioration. trusted by homeowners, contractors, and businesses alike, our products are eco-friendly and easy to apply for a flawless finish.
the best option
why choose weather boss stains?
eco-friendly, non-toxic ingredients

superior protection against weathering and uv damage—permanent solution with proper applications and maintenance

long-lasting durability for various surfaces, from wood to masonry

easy application for both professionals and diy enthusiasts

extended applications range up to freezing temperatures and can freeze after applying

easy cleanup with soap and water—product does not expire when sealed
order now!we’re growing
new ownership. same great stains.weather boss first started in 1990 and has been used in over 120 countries. weather boss is way ahead of its time in the fast-growing eco-friendly and green products market. no other product can compete with weather boss’s history and proven track record. weather boss was invented by industry leaders that researched the most effective and natural ways to protect wood while not harming the environment, people, and animals.

the new owners are aiming to showcase weather boss as a premier eco-friendly stain to new users while servicing all of the customers who have loved the product since it was first created. 
stay tuned for a new logo, an updated website, and new product options.

contact us



 
 
order now!contact us privacy policy

info@weatherboss.com
(307) 254-3204order now!contact uscopyright 2024 – designed by niche marketing company


 
 
page load link

let us take care of your project!quisque velit nisi, pretium ut lacinia.
request a callbackthank you, we will call you back shortly!×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×
 


















go to top




