

























home - akram khan company










































toggle menu





akram khan company









one of the most original and celebrated choreographers of international dance. acclaimed for his dance language rooted in the ancient indian dance – kathak.





calendarlook up when performances, workshops and events are happening near you.
get involvedexplore how to connect with us and engage with our range of projects.
productionsexplore every production, past and present.
about uslearn about our history, meet us and get in touch.
 











thikra


find out more






jungle book reimagined


find out more






chotto desh


find out more










over the last 24 years, akram khan company has established itself as one of the foremost innovative dance companies in the world. embracing an artistic vision that both respects and challenges indian kathak form and contemporary dance.











 



												job opportunities 											


											we’re hiring for three exciting roles here at akc. please click to find out more.										








explore our work

refresh

















the curry house kid
in 2019, akram returned to the curry houses of his youth to create a dance piece that told the story of the immigrant experience in britain; khan’s own take on the famous ‘the last supper’ painting by da vinci, where he explores the nuances of eating out and the different roles people play in the experience
		
						in 2019, akram returned to the curry houses of his youth to create a dance piece that told the story of the immigrant experience in britain; khan’s own take on the famous ‘the l...						            








svapnagata festival
spvapnagata, or ‘dreaming’ in sanskrit, was a unique collaboration between multi award-winning artists nitin sawhney and akram khan to curate a two week indian music and dance festival at sadlers wells. the initial idea for the svapanagata festival came out of a conversation between nitin,
		
						spvapnagata, or ‘dreaming’ in sanskrit, was a unique collaboration between multi award-winning artists nitin sawhney and akram khan to curate a two week indian music...						            








chotto xenos
world premiere: 21 february 2020, danceeast, ipswich
		
						in 2019, sue buckmaster reimagined xenos into a child-friendly production. interweaving the themes from the piece, chotto xenos probes the necessary questions to younger audienc...						            

















kaash (revival)


						(revival of the 2002 full-length work)
akram khan teamed up with the celebrated talents of anish kapoor and nitin sawhney to present his company’s first full-length evening work...                    
















vertical road


						in vertical road, akram assembled a cast of very special performers from across asia, europe and the middle east. with a specially commissioned score by long-term collaborator c...                    






					
						"as in many myths, the female characters are often the unsung heroes, the figures of strength and imagination and endurance. it is their unsung stories in particular that still haunt me today."						
					
- akram khan





until the lions


								world première: 12 january 2016, roundhouse, london
last performance: 28 july 2019, zoumbouleio megaro, kalamata

 

"as in many myths, the female characters are often...	                        






					
						"ever since i entered the classical indian dance world, i have been searching for a way out... or perhaps more truly, i was searching for a new way in."						
					
- akram khan





outwitting the devil


								world premiere: 13-14 july 2019, stuttgart

 

"i have awakened to a new way of dancing. and that is to dance my ideas through the bodies of others, including older dan...	                        







discover more
for enquiries related to akram’s independent commissions, please contact natalie@akramkhanproductions.com.

                    akram independent commissions                


 





stay up to date








join our mailing list









behind the scenes                

you are about to leave the akram khan company website to experience the creation of xenos on our microsite.

for the best experience, we recommend that you visit the microsite on a desktop with your sound on and view it in full screen.

continue to xenos experience



before you go, why not sign up to our mailing list..


first name



last name





email







 
hidden field


















© 2015 akram khan company. all rights reserved.

							mirror works
	                        12 marshgate lane
	                        london, e15 2nh
	                    

	                        tel: +44 (0) 20 7354 4333 
	                        email: office@akramkhancompany.net











© 2015 akram khan company. all rights reserved.
registered charity number 1169593

						mirror works
						12 marshgate lane
						london, e15 2nh
					

						tel: +44 (0) 7581 201260 
						email: office@akramkhancompany.net










cookie policy
privacy policy
terms and conditions
accessibility


designed and developed by cog









back to top 
























