










home - peak nutrition | arizona's discount supplement store

















































































home
supplements
locations
blog
work at peak
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 














arizona’s wholesale supplement store
peak nutrition is your local phoenix supplement store for all your needs. we have locations in scottsdale and tempe and are planning on opening more locations next year. we offer real wholesale prices and a 100% money back guarantee.
when you walk into one of our locations we want you to have an experience beyond swiping your card. our nutrition specialists take their time to get to understand your health goals. everyone’s body is different and not everyone has the same goal. our nutrition specialists  listen first and consult second. our goal is to make your goals a reality. we will create an individualized supplement profile that works best for you. take a look at what you can expect from us below.





wholesale supplements
our unique relationships with our suppliers allows us to offer you high end supplements at lower prices.

100% money back guarantee
our goal is to make sure you obtain your goals. if you don’t like what you purchased, come into our store and we will give you your money back.



staff
we listen, educate and guide you on proper supplementation and nutrition to help you reach your goals.
nutrition specialists -100 hours of supplement training
certified nutrition coaches
certified personal trainers

learn more











what we promise

we are family and team oriented and pride ourselves on our 1 on 1 customer focused relationships. we listen to our customers, we consult our customers and you can find us every week working out with our customers as well.
we want to be with you every step of the way to help you reach your goals. whether it is weight loss, muscle gain or your general health, we are here to guide you.

our core values











the peak family





join us



































testimonials






“amazing service. i can tell how passionate and knowledgeable the employees are at peak nutrition. they are truly invested in their customers. i felt like a part of the family right away. peak nutrition will be the only place i go for supplements while i’m here in arizona.”
ryan v






“i went in to the store not really knowing what i needed to improve my fitness. i got a body scan and was able to talk through what everything meant right there. shaun was so , answered all of my questions and motivated me to do the 30 day challenge! very happy i went in!”
arianna w






“i just took a major step in investing in myself again with my health and life style. when looking for supplies there was no other place i would even think of going to than this place! friendly, knowledgeable and inspiring! if you’ve never been here you’ve never had the personal experience and touch your health strategy deserves. i will be a customer for life!”
stefan c





 









get in touch!





social

followfollow

phone

480-428-4999

email

theviking@peaknutrition.com



navigation

supplements
locations
blog
contact us
core values



other links

modern warrior
body repair plan
become a warrior
careers
 
 



our newsletter

the latest communit news and education






success!



email





subscribe














copyright © 2025 - peak nutrition all right reserved






 


























