






the millennium arts center








































today's date: tuesday feb 18 2025








millennium arts center











homecairo, egypt
about the director
about mac

advisory board
educational programs
past events


history of mac
contact us




search for:










the millennium arts center (mac)


(closed) the millennium arts center (mac) was an arts center that brought visual and performing artists together under one roof.  mac offered venues for local and international artists and made washington, d.c. the home of the country’s first national/international arts center of its kind. we want to thank peter hapstak & core architectural group for their support.

 
                          the millennium arts center plan- this is what dc lost!                        architectural plans designed by core
the millennium arts center was created by a group of people who believed that washington, dc needed a permanent art center with reasonable rent for artists and non-profits. it was eventually destroyed by the corcoran gallery of art director, david levy, & board. the corcoran gallery of art came to the the millennium arts center as a partner and then turned around and did a take over.  the corcoran gallery of art went bankrupt because of david levy and the corcoran was forced to sell millennium arts center property to the rubell family.  as understood the property will be turned into a hotel and museum for their art collection. the corcoran is also trying to sell their school property in georgetown. washington, dc lost one of their only chances of having an incredible art complex, very much like ps1 in brooklyn, ny, but the millennium arts center had a notably better location.
the millennium arts center plan
mac was able to provide an arts center that could give affordable studios and exhibit space for those artists who might not have had the opportunity otherwise to reach a larger audience. in turn, it gave residents and visitors to the nation’s capital an opportunity to see art that was being created all over the united states and internationally.
with many thanks to georgi deneau, former assistant director.  without her the art center would never have been a reality.
currently, we are looking for new projects.
william wooby, director
the millennium arts center plan







© copyright 2000-2012 millennium arts center






 
 







categoriescategories
select category
exhibits at mac
mac artists



pages 
cairo, egypt
the millennium arts center (mac)
advisory board
educational programs
past events

  history 

emotion pictures


through the eyes of children


smithsonian’s folk life festival


crosstown jam


artist’s inaugural exhibit


exhibits


take me to the river


mac artists


women’s caucus


lucky 7


pyramid atlantic at the millennium


meltdown art exhibit


very special arts


deconstructed west


links

art enables
artdeadline
cherry blossom festival
corcoran gallery
core architectural group
district of columbia arts center
the restaurant museum
washington arts
washington project for the arts
wooby world









			snow summit by weddingthemes.marriagescene proudly powered by wordpress.





 









