










reynolds advanced materials, chicago























shop online my account



search





locations

allentown
atlanta
charlotte
chicago
dallas
denver
detroit
edmonton
los angeles
orlando
phoenix
seattle

products

adhesives
buddy rhodes concrete products
colorants, paints, and fillers
concrete materials and additives
epoxies – casting resins
epoxies – coatings
epoxies – laminating
epoxies – putties
gypsums and plaster
latex rubbers
lifecasting – alginates
lifecasting – silicones
makeup fx materials
modified gypsums and additives
release agents and sealers
sculpting clays and epoxies
silicone foams
silicone rubbers – platinum cure
silicone rubbers – tin cure
starter kits
tools and equipment
urethane foams – flexible
urethane foams – rigid
urethane plastics – rigid and semi-rigid
urethane rubbers

applications

aquariums, zoos, and themed environments
architectural restoration
candle making
concrete casting
cosplay
encapsulation & display
flame rated materials
food related
home projects & hobbies
industrial
lifecasting
medical simulation
modelmaking
orthotics & prosthetics
prototyping & inventing
sculpture & art casting
special effects & props
sprayable rubber & plastic
taxidermy
vacuum bagging
woodworking

seminars

hands-on seminars
lecture series
college seminars








home »
            locations »
            chicago        
chicago


address:

	2600 lexington street		broadview,	il 	60155	


phone:

	toll-free: (800) 477-4457	local: (708) 354-0969	fax: (708) 354-7825 


hours:

			monday – friday:8:00 am – 5:30 pm



 
view our holiday schedule




xupcoming holiday schedule
reynolds advanced materials, chicago will be closed in observance of the following holidays:


february 17
president's day
(monday)


april 18
easter
(friday)


may 26
memorial day
(monday)


july 4
fourth of july
(friday)


september 1
labor day
(monday)


november 27
thanksgiving
(thursday)


november 28
thanksgiving
(friday)


december 24 (closes at noon)
christmas
(wednesday)


december 25
christmas
(thursday)


december 26
christmas
(friday)


january 1
new year's
(thursday)


january 2
new year's
(friday)






must be at least 12 years old to enter facility
must be at least 18 years old to attend training events







take our quick video tour

about us

eager polymers has been acquired by reynolds advanced materials, effective november 13, 2023.
reynolds chicago offers an extensive selection of mold making and cast supplies, tools, equipment, and materials suitable for projects of any scale. visitors are welcome to explore our display samples, molds, and castings.
our expertise in our materials is unparalleled, and we are always ready to answer technical questions and discuss project details. reynolds is committed to assisting you at every phase of your project. additionally, we host a variety of seminars at our location, covering topics from introductions to new materials and product discussions to advanced seminars designed to enhance your mold making and casting abilities.
for the latest event details, please refer to our event calendar below.


upcoming events







eventdatetimecost




introduction to silicone mold making












					april 17, 2025				
1:00 pm – 3:30 pm
$70.00 per person



introduction to urethane resin casting












					may 22, 2025				
1:00 pm – 3:30 pm
$70.00 per person



introduction to silicone mold making












					august 21, 2025				
1:00 pm – 3:30 pm
$70.00 per person



introduction to urethane resin casting












					september 25, 2025				
1:00 pm – 3:30 pm
$70.00 per person





our community


prehistoric brewing opens up with an led tarbender bartop
prehistoric brewing in springfield, mo fabricates a fantastic bartop using tarbender™ high gloss epoxy coating and encapsulant. crushed glass and led lighting was encapsulated to create the appearance of a lava flow running through the bar. (read more)



reynolds – chicago customer spotlight: illumivation studios
“successfully activating a large creative project is like launching a rocket to space. it’s hard, it’s dangerous, but the value of the end result, makes it worth the risk and hard work.” – mike dunbar, ceo

illumivation studios is an innovative company based in chicago who focuses on creating designs and fabricates pieces for theatres, marketing, museums and more. (read more)



eager crowd brings life to lifecasting seminar in chicago
reynolds – chicago hosted their recent lifecasting seminar on september 25 2015. the sister company of smooth-on inc. brought a sold out crowd to the windy city. patrons witnessed demonstrations of which they learned how to create castings of body parts. this application is done with our body double platinum-cure silicone or our alja-safe alginate series. (read more)


read more ram chicago community stories >



moldmakers for hire
we are happy to offer the following list of professional mold makers and casters in the chicago area. if you would like to be added to this list, please contact us.

back alley creations (schererville, in)
ron richards (romeoville, il)




driving directions







ram chicago linecard

view or download pdf


check-in & review
 




about reynolds advanced materials
since 1963, reynolds advanced materials has been a go-to source for anyone looking to turn ideas into physical realities. we're more than a supplier of mold rubber and casting resins – we're a team passionate about helping you make your project designs come to life. whether you're in the us or canada, we offer expert guidance to find the right materials and equipment for your specific needs. think of us as your creative partner in the incredible world of materials, here to show you possibilities you might never have imagined.

follow us on: 







careers
if you are interested in an exciting career in the material world, click here to visit our careers page. we are often hiring for a wide variety of positions as we continually expand.


policies & notices

terms & conditions
shipping & returns policy
privacy & cookie policy
technical assistance policy
admittance to our facilities


quick links

home
contact us
faqs
moldmakers for hire


we accept







need to call us? (888) 904-1999 or click here to find the phone number to your closest branch.
©2025 reynolds advanced materials, all rights reserved. use of this website is subject to our terms of use.











