


















hop to the beat | hop to the beat
















































skip to main content






hop to the beat menu
homegeneralaboutpoliciesmediacalendarsearchclassesdancesworkshopscampdirectionscongregation kehillath israellower falls community centerruggles baptist churchupb (united parish in brookline)shopshoppaymentaccountlog inconnectfacebooklinksrsscontact
 






 

hop to the beat



bringing lindy hop to new england since 1995!














  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  






more media 



hop to the beat news
january 4, 2025
we wish you a very happy new year! this past one has been a rough one for us in many ways, including the loss of tony’s dad. we also had some incredible highlights, and for that we are very grateful. our dance world has continued to bring us much joy.
we really couldn’t have asked for a more fabulous weekend in november with anthony chen and irina amzashvili. they were back with their excellent classes, a fantastic performance, and their wonderful selves. also back of course was the amazing gordon webster and his band at uptown swing. so much fun, so many smiles, and an abundance of enthusiasm from all who attended. it is always such a pleasure to see dancers return year after year for our annual weekend, as well as those who are joining for their very first time.
beantown was another highlight. somehow preparations get more challenging each year, however, the big reward was the magical week we had from start to finish. we have often thought we just can’t top the last one, and then it happens. we are incredibly grateful to everyone who helped make it such a wonderful time, including our spectacular team of instructors, bands, and crew. beantown campers are the best. we’re just going to stick to that, because it feels so true. the support we’ve received from so many means everything to us, and without a doubt keeps us motivated to continue. thank you so much for all the exuberance, positivity and joy.
happy dancing,aurelie & tony


 












                            hop to the beat                          













lindy hop originated in the dance halls of harlem in the late 1920s and evolved with the hot jazz and jumpin’ blues music. it’s an exuberant style of swing, mixing uptempo charleston with slow groovin’ and everything in between! inﬂuenced by other dance styles and changes in popular music, lindy hop thrives today as an incredibly fun, creative partner dance mixing classic with new. join today and become part of the friendly lindy hop community! there are classes for all levels. beginners are very welcome as well as singles and couples.




hip hop is high energy street movement as seen in your favorite music videos by artists such as ciara, janet jackson and chris brown to the hottest r&b, pop and hip hop music. classes are great for learning some cool moves and working on rhythm and body movement. the atmosphere is relaxed and fun,  appropriate for all levels.

 





 






classes
 

the april–may 2024 session is open for registration in boston! free parking available as well as near public transportation. singles and couples welcome.

lindy hop routine part 1: boston



classes are currently suspended.
the march/april lindy hop class session has been cancelled. new information will be posted once available.

the march–april session is open for registration in boston and newton! there are classes for all levels, no partner required as classes will rotate. free parking available as well as near public transportation. singles and couples welcome.

lindy hop level 1, featured topic is breaks!: boston
lindy hop level 1, featured topic is spins & turns!: newton
lindy hop routine, part 1: boston & newton


full details.
like the facebook page.

 
dances

uptown swing dances are suspended due to covid-19.
next uptown swing dance is with the gordon webster band on saturday, november 30, 2024.
full details.
join facebook event.
like the facebook page.

 


workshops

anthony chen and irina amzashvili are coming friday, november 29 to sunday, december 1, 2024 for a wonderful weekend including the gordon webster band.
skye humphries and naomi uyama are coming back friday, november 25 to sunday, november 27, 2022 for another wonderful weekend including the gordon webster band. always a yearly highlight, of course we have to do it again!
full details.
join facebook event.
like the facebook page.

 
camp




beantown camp 2025 runs from june 26–july 3! beantown’s 27th year in total and back at the beautiful endicott college for #19. be prepared for an amazing lindy hop vacation with outstanding instructors, bands, dancers from across the u.s. and beyond, with classes, dances and many other fun activities.
full details.
join facebook event.
like the facebook page.
 













sign up for our email newsletter










proud supporter






  



  



  



  







upcoming



thursday, june 26, 2025 


  
    
      beantown camp
      
whole shebang


friday, june 27, 2025 


  
    
      beantown camp
      
week



  
    
      beantown camp
      
extended weekend



  
    
      beantown camp
      
weekend



 


hop to the beat on facebook





uptown swing on facebook





beantown camp on facebook













copyright © 1996–2025, hop to the beat. all rights reserved.
 







