











home - brian l. weiss, md














































  


home
eventschedule
about thebooks
audiorecordings
3-day weekendworkshops
faq
readinglist
medialibrary
appointments& referrals
contact weissinstitute



as a traditional psychotherapist, dr. brian weiss was astonished and skeptical when one of his patients began recalling past-life traumas that seemed to hold the key to her recurring nightmares and anxiety attacks. his skepticism was eroded, however, when she began to channel messages from “the space between lives,” which contained remarkable revelations about dr. weiss’s family and his dead son. using past-life therapy, he was able to cure the patient and embark on a new, more meaningful phase of his own career.
a graduate of columbia university and yale medical school, brian l. weiss m.d. is chairman emeritus of psychiatry at the mount sinai medical center in miami.
dr. weiss conducts national and international seminars and experiential workshops.





tv appearancephoto credit: © harpo, inc. george burns
oprah and dr. brian weiss on reincarnation, past lives and miracles
the emmy® award-winning series “super soul sunday” aired featuring ‘oprah & dr. brian weiss: reincarnation, past lives and miracles’ on own.  groundbreaking psychiatrist and best-selling author of “many lives, many masters” dr. brian weiss tells oprah of how he came to practice past life regression therapy.
 click here to watch clips from the episode.

online workshop
many lives, many masters online past-life regression workshop
video recording of an intensive one-day experiential workshop, divided into five lessons, now available online.  includes bonus meditations and healing exercises.
learn more




you are not here by accident or by some coincidence of nature. you are a spiritual being learning lessons of love in this earth school.



books of interest
crescendo
how do we find meaning in life after loss? can a soul ever really die? in her debut novel “crescendo,” amy weiss, the co-author of “miracles happen: the transformational healing power of past-life memories,” explores the way in which love can transcend lifetimes. a mystical masterpiece, this spiritual parable is a guidebook for any soul seeking to understand the universe and her place within it.
 read more


only love is real: a story of soulmates reunited

available in ebook format
amazon
barnes & noble

 




upcoming events 
june 20, 2025
miracles happen – 3-day weekend workshop
rhinebeck, ny


june 27, 2025
miracles happen – 3-day weekend workshop
rhinebeck, ny


 view all events
3-day weekend workshops
explore your past lives in this intensive, experiential 3-day workshop with a series of regression exercises, healing visualizations, and meditations. this course is open to anyone interested in exploring these profound psychospiriitual techniques.
click here for details
connect with dr. weiss like on facebook
 follow on x
 watch on youtube
 




 

home
events
books
audio recordings
workshops
faq
mailing list
appointments & referrals
contact




© 2024 the weiss institute – all rights reserved – privacy policy – site map



  


 
 









