
























messe frankfurt (hk) ltd






skip





back


close









company

information about the group of companies





company




outlook & management




global network




history




responsibility & commitment




career opportunities









events
all trade fairs & events at a glance




services

services made by messe frankfurt





services




digital services




sponsorship marketing









press

press releases of the group of companies





press




press material




fair press




contact










contact us












close search

search




overall search










overall search





search














close


                    share
                




facebook





x





vk





xing





whatsapp





line





recommend via e-mail





copy link to clipboard






















menu


search















en




                    en (gb) - english
                



                    zh (cn) - 中文
                



                    zh (hk) - 中文
                




















































next


previous















messe frankfurt: business model for global business
we are pleased that you are interested in learning more about our company. messe frankfurt events for building technologies, consumer goods, electronics & automation technologies, environmental technologies, event & entertainment technologies, food technologies, manufacturing technologies & components, mobility & logistics, safety, security & fire, textile care, cleaning & cleanroom technologies and textiles & textile technologies are international leaders in their respective fields. we would like you to be a part of this.

 take a look around – let yourself be inspired!







business fields












        building technologies
    













digitisation, networking, safety and security are some of the most pressing issues of our time. messe frankfurt has 24 events in europe, asia and south america that address these themes and offer key solutions. they provide innovative interaction platforms for efficient building management, intelligent networking, security of supply, design and sustainable usage of scarce resources, namely energy and water. the two international flagship events ish and light + building are of particular interest here.
discover more









        consumer goods
    













both as everyday utensils and design objects, they are an important economic factor. they can also contribute pure emotion to our lives. globalisation, digitisation and new distribution forms are changing the industry at a breakneck pace. with a brand family that includes ambiente and beautyworld, messe frankfurt has the internationally leading business platforms that help business take advantage of the opportunities of the future.
discover more









        electronics & automation technologies
    













automation and digitisation of production and processes: these are the challenges facing exhibitors and visitors at our trade fairs for the electronics & automation technologies sector. with sps ipc drives (electric automation), smtconnect (systems integration in microelectronics) and pcim (power electronics, intelligent drive technologies and energy management), mesago messe frankfurt is responsible for the most important forums for their industries internationally.
discover more









        environmental technologies
    













the increasing scarcity of fossil fuels, growing global energy demand, access to clean water, waste disposal and recycling are all amongst the major challenges facing the world in future. these challenges are also creating new opportunities in these markets worldwide. the world needs intelligent technologies and innovative companies. eco expo asia is an example of the platforms we offer throughout the world to foster exchange in the growing market for environmental technology.
discover more










        event & entertainment technologies
    













shows and other forms of live performances are taken to a new level of experience. this is made possible by technology and services relating to stage lighting and sound. messe frankfurt’s international brands are a magnet for b2b and b2c target groups, with experts and key accounts from all over the world coming together here.
discover more









        food technologies
    













sustainable and responsible food management for a growing global population presents challenges for which the industry has concrete solutions. innovative ways of ensuring the safe, secure, efficient and economical production and packaging of food are the focal point of our four trade fairs for the food industry. the industry's top themes are resource efficiency, production optimisation, food safety, digital solutions and food trends. with iffa, an event that has been taking place since 1949, messe frankfurt is responsible for organising the international flagship event for the meat industry in frankfurt am main. the company’s other three events in this industry are located in china and argentina.
discover more










        manufacturing technologies & components
    













intelligent process optimisation, complexity and agility: messe frankfurt provides focused b-to-b platforms for each of these fields in growth regions worldwide. these include trade fairs and congresses, such as formnext and rosmould for additive manufacturing and intelligent production processes, wire & cable guangzhou for the wire and cable industries, and zellcheming expo for decision-makers in the chemical pulp and paper industry.
discover more











        mobility & logistics
    













mobility and logistics are the cornerstone of our modern life. connected cars, autonomous driving and renewable energy drives are the hot-button topics in the sector. at our international trade fairs, it is not only key accounts from the automotive sector who interact with another. we provide the right trade fair format for intelligent ideas relating to transport systems of the future. not to mention events in the fields of commercial vehicles, motorcycles and logistics.
discover more









        safety, security & fire
    













messe frankfurt is one of the world’s leading organisers of events for the growth field of civil security, with eleven events in asia, germany, the middle east, south america and east africa. we have responded to the growing global market in this sector by offering an excellent means of gaining access to the world’s most dynamic regions with international brands such as intersec and secutech.
discover more










        textile care, cleaning & cleanroom technologies
    













with the ever-increasing importance of industry 4.0, digitisation, safety, security, textile care and cleanrooms have become essential components. messe frankfurt events throw a spotlight on industry’s latest innovations in key fields, creating the ideal platform for discussions with business partners and customers. with texcare international in frankfurt, txca&cle in shanghai and various conferences taking place under the texcare forum brand, messe frankfurt has established a presence in strategic markets for textile care, while the specialist cleanzone fair focuses on hygiene and cleanroom technologies.
discover more










        textiles & textile technologies
    













we create momentum for the textile industry worldwide, bringing together the most important events along the textile value chain within the “texpertise network”. over 50 events worldwide show what is happening in the sector. at messe frankfurt, innovative ideas are created and presented with a global reach.
discover more













            messe frankfurt press releases
        

            go to press centre
        








17 jan 2025


resilience for the global textile industry: heimtextil 2025 records visitor increase and showcased future interior design
frankfurt am main, 17 january 2025. heimtextil 2025 ended with full exhibition halls, 142 participating nations, another increase in exhibitors and visitors as well as with top satisfaction ratings. over four days, more than 50,000 buyers experienced the latest collections, materials and textile solutions for the entire interior design at first hand from over 3,000 exhibitors. the heimtextil trends 25/26 by alcova milano and the installation ‘among-us’ by star designer patricia urquiola set new standards for interior design, retail and hospitality. the content programme centered on ai-driven design, sustainable production processes and future interiors.








9 dec 2024


messe frankfurt increases group sales to €780 million
financial year 2024 has seen messe frankfurt lay important groundwork for further profitability and efficiency. driven by a dynamic trade fair business and a strong positioning in markets around the world, the company has recorded outstanding key financial indicators. never before in its history has the company been as profitable as it has this year.









9 dec 2024


adding value with sustainable business practices 
sustainability in its various forms is one of messe frankfurt’s fundamental business principles. our commitment to sustainability is part of our responsibility towards the environment and other people – as a socially responsible enterprise, venue operator and event organiser. our sustainable business practices are geared towards the ten principles of the un global compact and the 17 sustainable development goals. messe frankfurt is a signatory of the net zero carbon events pledge and has been emas-certified since 2023.








9 dec 2024


at home in global markets 
for over 35 years, messe frankfurt has been active in growth markets worldwide with its sector expertise. the group’s events outside germany allow smes in particular to gain a foothold in emerging markets. the messe frankfurt group has a powerful global network consisting of 28 subsidiaries and more than 50 sales partners serving some 180 countries.








9 dec 2024


messe frankfurt at a glance 
the messe frankfurt group is one of the most successful global players in the industry and the world’s largest trade fair, congress and event organiser with its own exhibition grounds. within the framework of its fairs & events, locations and services business fields, the company focuses firmly on its customers’ interests, creating successful platforms for interaction with services from a single source. as a reliable partner to individual industry sectors, messe frankfurt creates innovative network formats with its worldwide portfolio of events and develops new business models with its digital expertise. the group’s strategic orientation is determined by its sustainable business practices. in 2023, the company introduced environmental management system emas at its frankfurt base. messe frankfurt’s aim is to make its exhibition grounds climate-neutral in the long term. group sales for financial year 2024 are around €780* million.







                    show all
                






















                greater china corporate brochure
            

                messe frankfurt has 30+ years’ exhibition organising experience in greater china. today, the company organises over 50 events, and more are planned for the future.
            



discover more















                fair calendar
            

                download our fair calendar 2024 / 2025 with all events worldwide.
            



download















                yearly calendar
            

                with all trade fairs organised by messe frankfurt greater china.
            



download
































        terms & conditions
    



        contact
    





        imprint
    



        privacy policy
    




© messe frankfurt

















