



















      online and extended programs
      
      : texas state university
    

















































































skip to content











search













online programs
extension study
self-paced
resources










home


online and extended programs




about online and extended programsundergraduate degree programsgraduate degree programscontinuing education officeself-paced coursesextension studiesstudy in americastudent support resources






online programs
extension study
self-paced
resources


current students
faculty & staff
family & visitors
alumni


athletics
give
library
round rock
news














online and extended programs




online and extended programs






online learning on your terms
earn an accredited and career-aligned degree from texas state university, and expand your education options with accelerated, extension, and self-paced courses. online education — everywhere, for everyone, so you can get ahead in life.


accelerated online programs


self-paced online courses


extension studies


























self-paced online courses
flexible, independent learning. achieve your academic goals at your own pace with texas state self-paced courses.


view all self-paced courses














extension studies
study beyond the traditional classroom. extension courses are offered face-to-face, online, and at various off-campus locations in texas and other locations within the united states.


extension courses and programs


study in america programs


















featured online degree programs














accelerated online graduate programs100% online. accelerated 8-week classes. multiple start dates per year.












accelerated online undergrad programs100% online. accelerated 8-week classes. multiple start dates per year.












other online graduate programsonline courses in a variety of formats. two start dates per year.












other online undergrad programsonline courses in a variety of formats. two start dates per year.













accredited and achievableonline education reflects our passion for teaching and learning, and the allocation of resources to deliver superior performance and distinctive impact. texas state university is accredited by the southern association of colleges and schools, and commission on colleges to award baccalaureate, master's, and doctoral degrees including those offered by distance learning.















              students outside the state of texas are charged a rate comparable to in-state tuition when enrolled in eligible 100% online programs.
            








              texas state online programs are taught by the same award-winning, and widely-published faculty that teach in-person programs.
            








              looking for more information.
            




request info


















online and extended programs

texas state university is committed to meeting the educational needs of learners both near and far providing education beyond the traditional on-campus programs and classes. online and extended programs (oxp) provides the texas state community with an array of educational options and support these options through instructional design and media production services.



about oxp


meet the oxp team


contact & directions















instructional design
online and extended programs provides course consultations, faculty development training and workshops, and support for the design and effective use of active learning spaces.


instructional design services






aop administrative support
resource page for navigating the accelerated online program processes. with the focus on supporting administration and facilitating efficient online teaching, connecting you seamlessly from administration to technical support and all essential university offices.


aop administrative portal
















online and extended programs


302 asb-north601 university drivesan marcos, tx 78666-4616 oxp / distance education:512.245.2322distanceed@txstate.edutoll free: 800.511.8656fax: 512.245.8934continuing education:512.245.2507continuinged@txstate.edurug:512.245.7118rugs-ce@txstate.edu 


site map


facebooktwitterlinkedin






                  txst links
                  
                

                  txst links
                
campus mapacademic calendaruniversity eventslibrary





                quick links
                

                quick links
                



online undergraduate programs

online graduate programs

self-paced courses

extension studies

study in america

instructional design

licensure disclosures















about texas state
careers
emergency info
apply
legal







            back to top
          









search terms

start search



select search scope



                      this site
                    




                      all texas state
                    




close search dialog








beginning of video dialog content

close video




previous video
next video

end of video dialog content




