


































































daily nonpareil | breaking news | | read council bluffs, ia and iowa breaking news. get latest news, events and information on iowa sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















4°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



national



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



games & puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



announcements




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



nonpareil archives



back issues




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









4°
snow
























        
        
            windschitl receives pharmacy’s good governance award

the award serves to recognize an iowa legislator who has worked strongly on behalf of pharmacy and healthcare issues, according to a news release. 

















        
        
            college wrestling: uni sets attendance mark, pins iowa state

the panthers won seven of 10 matches, including national champion parker keckeisen's 50th consecutive win, a technical fall. 

















        
        
            council bluffs cancels trash collection due to winter weather

due to adverse weather conditions, trash and recycling collection for council bluffs residents on city waste services has been canceled for monday.

















        
        
            around iowa: water buffalo who got free dies after sudden illness

the water buffalo that captured the public’s attention after running free in a des moines suburb has died after falling home.

















        
        
            iowa senators nominate council bluffs student for u.s. navy academy

iowa's two u.s. senators have nominated tyler tingley of council bluffs for the u.s. naval academy.

















        
        
            expanded prairie flower casino to compete for omaha-metro gambling dollars

a major expansion of the prairie flower casino in carter lake is slated to open feb. 17, in effect adding a fifth big gaming facility to the omaha metro area.

















        
        
            grant awarded to new visions to help homeless in the aftermath of disaster

new visions homeless services was recently awarded nearly $90,000 through a grant from the iowa finance authority.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            farmers in pottawattamie county receiving cash-back dividends


















        
        
            iowa attorney general brenna bird defends elon musk and doge authority


















        
        
            grant awarded to new visions to help homeless in the aftermath of disaster















                
                the latest


















        
        
            week in iowa: reynolds on lutheran services 'money laundering' post, iowa baseball season preview

here's a rundown of the news from across iowa this week. 





















        
        
            council bluffs neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published today in the daily nonpareil. 




















        
        
            peo chapter mf collections donations for local food pantries

a decision to continue holding our annual plant sale was made by the chapter.





















        
        
            council bluffs neighbors: obituaries for february 13

read through the obituaries published today in the daily nonpareil. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            ap top stories february 17 a




















        
        
            video: uni's colin realbuto talks motivation




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            shenandoah boys wrestling highlights












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: northern iowa vs. iowa state wrestling, 2-16-25

northern iowa hosted iowa state at a sold-out mcleod center of more than 7,348 sunday. the largest crowd in mcleod center history. the panthers won seven of 10 matches to beat iowa state for the first time since the 2018-19 season.  





















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 




















        
        
            iowa state's rebounding physicality creates a simple winning strategy

the first half appeared to point towards an offensive shootout between two of the big 12's top defensive teams. midway through the half, iowa state's defensive identity emerged.




















        
        
            'divine intervention' helped cedar falls native get into coaching, back to iowa women's hoops

randi henderson never anticipated a future in coaching neither when she left cedar falls high school in 1997 nor when she departed iowa in 2001. it found her another way.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    










sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            financial aid for student athletes: a guide to mba loans

contributor content. this article explores financial aid for student-athletes pursuing an mba. it focuses on loans, scholarships and strategic planning for future success.




















        
        
            love and ai in iowa: exploring digital companionship in small-town america

affiliate content. examine how love and ai are transforming digital companionship in small-town iowa, blending technology with the unique dynamics of rural life.












partner








        
        
            fear of white coats: how to overcome iatrophobia, a fear of doctors

get healthy. it’s common to be nervous before a doctor’s appointment. but having a phobia means much more than general anxiety. here are a few signs that point to iatrophobia.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            security national bank



                                        1120 s. 101st st., omaha, ne 68124
                                    






















        
        
            goodrich dairy store



                                        417 e broadway, council bluffs, ia 51503
                                    






















        
        
            willson & pechacek plc



                                        421 west broadway, suite 200, council bluffs, ia 51503
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

calendar

join our team

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the daily nonpareil, 300 w broadway, suite 108 council bluffs, ia 51503
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































