


































































the quad city times | breaking news | | read breaking news, sports and events from davenport, bettendorf, moline, rock island and the the quad cities region of iowa and illinois




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-4°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



iowa



illinois



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



movies & tv



music



food & dining



games



contests



comics



play



food & drink



parenting



health



get healthy



home & garden



fashion



people



pets



faith




celebrate



weather: live radar



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




our publications


bettendorf news



insight




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



qc auto listings



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

qc autos









-4°
clear
























        
        
            quad-cities residents join nationwide 'not my president's day' protests

dozens of people braved frigid february temperatures to protest actions by the trump administration in front of the federal building in davenport monday for a "not my president's day rally."

















        
        
            bill advances to remove iowa obscenity law exemptions for libraries, schools

supporters of the legislation argued the exemptions allow minors access to inappropriate, sexually explicit material at public libraries, and that the bill is needed to restrict children’s exposure to obscene content.

















        
        
            capitol notebook: protesters gather at iowa capitol to denounce trump administration, elon musk

protesters gathered at the iowa capitol monday to denounce the executive actions taken by president donald trump during his second term and tech billionaire elon musk’s involvement in his administration.

















        
        
            dangerous wind chills to move into the quad-cities tuesday evening

the most dangerous wind chills are expected to hit monday night around 9 p.m. and last through noon tuesday.

















        
        
            kathy bates gifts award to bettendorf grad eric christian olsen after he loses house

kathy bates gifted the award to "matlock" producer and bettendorf high school grad eric christian olsen, who lost his l.a. home. "first thing for decor," she said in her speech.

















        
        
            six years after mass shooting shook aurora, legal battle continues for victims’ families, witnesses

aurora — diana juarez, 38, likes to tell stories about her father with her mother, her siblings and her own children. about how he loved to work on cars, how he would wear matching cubs or bears jerseys with his family when there were games going on, the little jokes and sayings he repeated to them.

















        
        
            former republican state lawmaker announces he's running for iowa governor

the announcement sets up a potential primary challenge to incumbent gov. kim reynolds if she decides to run again. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                the latest



















        
        
            quad-cities residents protest trump, musk

quad-cities residents gathered outside the federal building on fourth street in davenport to protest president donald trump and elon musk's recent actions in what organizers called a "not my president's day rally." 





















        
        
            february 17 recap: quad-cities news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from the quad-city times. 





















        
        
            quad-cities neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published today in the quad-city times. 












        
        
            brace for winds and snow in eastern iowa until sunday midday

a weather alert was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 6:53 a.m. for winds and snow until noon the alert is for quad cities area as well as jackson and clinton counties. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            quad-cities residents protest trump, musk




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            qc high school scoreboard: feb. 18

illinois boys basketball 





















        
        
            photos: northern iowa vs. iowa state wrestling, 2-16-25

northern iowa hosted iowa state at a sold-out mcleod center of more than 7,348 sunday. the largest crowd in mcleod center history. the panthers won seven of 10 matches to beat iowa state for the first time since the 2018-19 season.  




















        
        
            qc high school scoreboard: feb. 15

friday night's high school scoreboard from qc and beyond. 




















        
        
            genseo wrestlers start strong in sectionals

geneseo sent seven into the semifinals at the oregon sectional on friday night.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            transforming lives: how radix recovery is advancing addiction treatment in cedar rapids

contributor content. radix recovery is a premier addiction treatment center in cedar rapids.












contributor








        
        
            ski, rest, repeat: your guide to recovering from a ski weekend

contributor content. after conquering the slopes and feeling the rush of a skiing adventure, it’s time to focus on your recovery.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            cna - care for yourself



                                        319 e. 5th street, des moines, ia 50309
                                    






















        
        
            smokin' butt bbq



                                        6364 northwest blvd, davenport, ia 52806
                                    






















        
        
            cr glass



                                        1012 66th ave sw, cedar rapids, ia 52404
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram







bettendorf news

qcvarsity.com

plus 60



sites & partners


e-edition

email newsletters

quad-cities calendar

obituaries

weather

online features

get healthy




services


activate full access

advertise with us

contact us

job search

start a subscription

privacy policy

terms of service

customer service

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the quad-city times	, 500 e 3rd st. davenport, ia 52801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























