








home - horse and dog supplements | body builder | lube all plus | epmx equine epm | air blast | overdrive plus :: equiade











































































 









 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer




















 

 1-800-413-3702 



 contact us 

 







home








supplements for healthy horses






since 1985, world champion owners, trainers, and breeders have trusted their nutrition to equiade.







buy now


















body builder






key benefits of body builder horse supplement.






*  proven the best for sales prepping weanlings, yearlings and 2-year-olds in training
*  increases muscle, energy and stamina
*  increases appetite and all-around health
*  reduces nervousness and stress
*  excellent for racing and for problem breeding stock








before body builder


















after body builder









































quality horse supplements you can count on.






unavoidable to modern horse ownership are the stress and health risks that horses experience. at equiade, we believe that every horse can look - and feel - their best with the right horse supplements. since our founding in 1985, this philosophy has been at the forefront of everything we do.

















we are proud to be one of the first companies to provide some of the first all-natural supplements for improving and supporting horse health and performance. our clients are horse owners, breeders, and trainers who want the best quality horse supplements on the market. that's why we use only the best ingredients and methods for manufacturing our products.









furthermore, all our horse supplements undergo rigorous safety and efficacy testing and test negative for competition. when you choose from equiade's product line, you can feel confident that you are purchasing the best, all-natural supplements on the market.
while our primary focus is on horse supplements, we also carry all-natural supplements for dogs and bodybuilders participating in competition.


















see our history


















weekly special.






support your horse's health today. buy more of what you need for less. our weekly specials give you a little more for your wallet.







buy now


















supplements that help support whole-horse health and performance.























performance







improve stamina, conditioning, recovery, and more.





















muscles







build and maintain muscle mass and strength.





















joints







reduce inflammation, lubricate and protect joints, and support injury recovery.





















breathing







reduce mucus buildup, improve lung function, and aid respiratory health.





















immune system







boost natural immune response and support a healthy immune system.





























"i began supplementing my horse with body builder at the suggestion of fellow dressage competitors and my veterinarian. as a result this supplement and a correct training program, i've noticed a marked improvement in his muscle tone and increased stamina. we have enjoyed much success in the show ring this year, and i feel that body builder has been a vital component to his overall fitness and performance. also, i am comforted knowing that body builder is a plant derivative that is safe and without side effects. with much enthusiasm, i have recommended body builder to several clients for their horses in training. thank you for your contribution to better equine health."






l.a.







read more


















featured products.







air blast™ herbal support
$76.95
add to cart 


quick view

body builder™ horse supplement
$96.95
add to cart 


quick view

epmx™ horse supplement
$200.95
add to cart 


quick view

jug™ sports supplement
$20.95
add to cart 


quick view

 


















follow us:

















































get in touch today






whether you have a question about our supplements, pricing, benefits, or anything else, our team is here to answer all your questions.







contact us










before footersubscribe now













sign up for our newsletter to get coupons and specials*captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 














footercontact us
2100 calumet street
clearwater, fl 33765
u.s.a
toll free: 1-800-413-3702
local: 727-562-2832
text: 727-300-9406
fax: 727-562-2892
email:info@equiade.com









our blog






the horses, animals, and people we help inspire us. read our blog to discover their stories and keep up to date about new equiade products and developments.





 

 performance 



 joints 



 immune system 



 muscles 



 breathing 



 login 

 







stay connected






sign up to join our community and receive news, product updates, and specials delivered directly into your inbox.







email address

please enter a valid email address.


please check the captcha to verify you are not a robot.





sign up



thanks for subscribing!
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.

















copyright 2021 · all content owned by equiade. sitemap. privacy policy. terms of services.
website created and managed by worry free marketing

















 

 





























