








kansas wind power since 1975









 
| bargains | 
 astronomy 
pictures | 
 
order form
| 
pictures
| worksheet

kansas wind power-w, 13569 214th road, holton, 
ks 66436       
phone/fax: 785-364-4407
 


bargains information, links pictures astronomy batteries, chargers bed warmers books breakers, power centers charge controls clocks composting toilets dc accessories emp shielding fans, coolers fuel treatment ge electric tractor grain mills health supplements hydro electric inverters juicers lights, dc lights, gas meters mouse traps motors power stations pumps, dc pumps, ram pumps, submersible gas ranges refrigerators, ac or dc refrigerators, propane shipping info solar cooker solar electric solar mounts water filters wind generators air wind generator bergey wind generators used wind generators used equipment whisper wind generators wind generator pictures wind instruments wood stove








 solar 
    & wind electricity 


for  
homes,  cabins,  farms,  boats,  rv’s.

    kansas wind power



since 1975 
    


13569  214 road,   holton,   
kansas   66436

785-364-4407 
10 am to 4 pm   central time,    
monday - thursday 




           



we also have: 
 energy saving products,  foods,  
    water  filters, water pumps,  composting toilets,  grain 
    mills,  books,  propane-lights-refrigerators-ranges,  
    heaters, wood stoves, & more.









      welcome! 


we have been helping folks use alternative energy sources, save 
    energy, save money and be more self-reliant for over 
50 years.
orders are placed by phone, fax or mail (no online).
    click on order form here or at the top 
of most pages. 

this sunset 
    picture was taken 1/2 mile away from the jacobs wind generator located at 
    kansas wind power. click on picture for 
    larger view. tower is 75 
    feet high. the blade diameter is 13.5 feet. the very heavy, slow speed, 
    direct drive generator is rated: 32-40 volts dc, 60 amps. unit weight is about 
    550 lbs.    © 1978 kansas wind power 


historical note:  kansas wind power assisted with 
    the installation of the first residential wind turbine in kansas connected to a utility 
    company near lawrence in 1976. it was the third in the usa.
click on pictures with a brown 
or blue colored border 
to see a larger view. most pictures will have a larger version. use back button in browser to return to previous page. 
click on brown or blue underlined text to hyperlink to page with more information on that 
item. your mouse curser will change to a hand when it is over a picture or text 
with a hyperlink.







notice - we do not 
sell honda generators!




please 
    view our sky pictures.
sunset and sky pictures
astronomy and aurora pictures















 
    new items  



     



  
    batteries that are lower cost, longer lasting, more efficient, no 
    maintenance, lighter weight.



       
    inverters that are lower cost, easier to install, all-in-one


  
    air max™ wind turbine with super quiet carbon fiber blades.


  
    electric protectors against lightning, emp, and cme from the sun. 






 
 




home electric systems 
for on or off grid

make your own  home electricity with 
alternative energy wind generators and solar electric modules (also called 
photovoltaic or pv). the pv modules generate electricity when exposed to light, 
have extremely long life, no moving parts and almost no maintenance. installing 
a home energy system is within the grasp of many people. you can start small and 
add on as needed. many homes in the usa and world wide are already using wind 
and solar electricity. they are statements to reducing pollution, waste, 
dependence on fossil fuels and increasing independence and self-reliance.





make your home, cabin, farm, camper or rv better and be more 
self-reliant. there is always a risk of natural disasters and conflicts. be 
prepared with sources of electricity, water, food, fuel, etc. a disruption in 
commerce, no matter the cause, will catch many people dependent on others to 
bail them out. become more prepared so you will be in a position to help others 
and not be a burden to your community.

basic engine generator system
    
    some systems start out with just battery, inverter and 
    engine generator. the inverter quietly powers the house. an engine generator 
    is used periodically to recharge battery or power loads to large for 
    inverter. solar modules or wind generator can be added to help charge 
    battery and reduce engine generator run time. a gasoline, propane or diesel 
    generator can also be used for backup power for on grid house.








 
a home alternate energy system might 
include: 


          air max™ wind turbine on tilt-up 
tower
         
six 350 watt pv modules on a pole mount
         
power boosting solar charge controller (mppt)
         
lithium batteries or lead acid deep cycle batteries
         
inverter to convert battery power into ac 
electricity

this system could provide 1.3 kilowatt hours per day from wind in a 12 mph 
average wind area. solar could provide another 4-10 kwh/day depending on climate. 
a small system of 1 or 2 pv modules is commonly used for rvs, campers, water 
pumping or as a starter system. an engine powered generator can be used as a 
backup to power large loads and to help charge battery during low wind and solar 
periods. solar or heat pump water heaters are a great way to provide hot water. 
small systems can be 12 volts. 
medium or large systems are 24 or 48 volt. larger diameter wire size is required 
for lower voltage systems. higher voltage systems will save on wire costs.
we encourage people to be more energy 
efficient so their system can be smaller, cost less and reduce their cost of 
living from now on.  















index



    shipping info

bargains
    electric power




    solar electric


    wind generators



    hydro electric


solar mounts





    batteries, chargers

breakers, power centers

    charge controls



    dc accessories
inverters

circuit breakers
meters
motors

    wind instruments


    appliances

    grain mills

juicer
cherry 
    stoner

gas ranges

    refrigerators

     propane refrigerators


    lights



    gas lights

    dc lights

pumps

dc pumps

    submersible pumps



    ram pumps


    household items



    bed warmers


clocks

    composting toilets

    fans, coolers

    mouse traps


    water filters
water heaters


astronomy
books

    fuel treatment

    ge elec-trak 

    electric garden tractors
health
    

wood 
    stove






    world map of
    weather stations  
     
click on weather stations 
    to see your local weather statistics. thousands of locations available.



 
 
 


 

current

weather conditons at kansas wind power
 


 
 
 



 


orders are by phone, fax or mail - click on
 
order form. 


 


 











[ bargains ]  
copyright © 2000-2025  
 all rights reserved. 
www.kansaswindpower.net
last modified: 
02/13/25  

 
kansas wind power - w,  13569 214th road, holton, 
ks 66436   785-364-4407,  all prices and specifications are subject to change without 
notice.

