



solutions ink | printing | invitations | promotional products | gift cards | apparel | montreal












  


home
printing
promotional products
apparel
about us
tips
contact us



      
 français 





   login
currents users
ftp users


   quick links










   



colour printing: click to order and get great pricing!






 
product of the day

 video of the day

 
great fundraising ideas


dyr

 
green products

  
fun & games

  
labels and plastic products













     printing


 




 


 printing quotes


solutions ink prides itself in providing value printing.our plants are strategically positioned in montreal, toronto, ottawa, vancouver, new york, chicago, miami, texas and california. we guarantee our quality on all 4 color process printing, business cards, letterheads, catalogues, brochures, forms, labels, envelopes, digital print, poster and banner print. the memory of a cheap price is easily forgotten with one bad order. smart buyers look for true value and not just lowest cost.











     promotional products


 




 
promotional products are no longer an extravagance but are more of an integral part of anyone's marketing plan. we are leaders in finding unique items, meeting rush delivery times, promoting one's business, cultivating one's brand awareness and rewarding one's customers loyalty. today's choices range from apparel, electronics, writing instruments to music download cards.











     apparel


 




 

for all your fashion needs. order these great brands:
american apparel, coal harbour, the authentic shirt company, ogio, columbia, new era, gildan, hanes, bella, and boxercraft. ask us about our sweat activated technology that displays a motivational message as you train. stand out with great styles at great prices. 

how to design a great t-shirt













     gift cards


 





solutions ink is a leading supplier of plastic gift cards and loyalty cards to the retail trade. we handle national accounts throughout canada and the united states as well as individual stores and restaurants. our presentation and packaging options complement any gift card campaign.
















© 2010 solutionsink4u.com




























