










picture hanging, wire cable systems, art display easels, glass shelves, curtain supplies.. peak rock ltd

































 £ currency 


€ euro


£ pound sterling


$ us dollar









 int calls & whatsapp +44 7468 777 164 
 sales@peakrock.com 
 my account 

register
login


 shopping cart
 checkout


















 0 item(s) - £0.00


your shopping cart is empty!









categories




wall hanging systems

 
all in one systems (4)
clip minirail (8)
curtain hanging systems (11)
empressa shelves (5)
clip rail system (47)
clip rail max system (44)
clip rail extra - heavy duty system (41)
clip rail smart - heavy duty system (43)
brass rod rail system (37)
j-rail system (38)
cornice picture hanging system (4)
plaster rail system (5)
paper/poster rail system (9)
traditional hanging system (31)


show all wall hanging systems 

ceiling hanging systems

 
all in one systems (4)
rod display systems (15)
c-rail (36)
p-rail - heavy duty (33)
u-rail (28)
drop ceiling rail (7)
plasterboard rail (7)


show all ceiling hanging systems 

hanging accessories

 
screen/panel systems (30)
general hanging supplies (18)
hanging cords, wires & cables (15)
hanging hooks (33)


show all hanging accessories 

picture hanging kits
glass shelves
cable display systems
artist & display easels
print browsers
clearance sale








 










 picture hanging systems - the best way to hang your pictures!




endless rearranging

move and rearrange wall decorations easily. without wall damage or tools.




sustainable building

walls remain intact, no costs for maintenance or wall repairs. a long term investment.




suited to any wall or ceiling

choose a system for wall mounting or a system for ceiling mounting.


latest
 



perlon cord 2mm of 100m on a roll
a 100m roll of 2mm perlon cord..
           £43.71
                     


 add to cart









brick wall bracket
aluminium bracket is screwed directly into the wall the aluminium brackets are available in whi..
           £19.99
                     


 add to cart









all purpose bracket
aluminium bracket is screwed directly into the wall the aluminium brackets are available in whi..
           £19.99
                     


 add to cart









u-rail lighting track
the u rail picture hanging system, is a ceiling based solution designed for suspended ceilings.&nbsp..
           £49.99
                     


 add to cart









clip rail lighting track
the rail is fixed along your wall using mounting clips screwed to the wall, and transparent cord or ..
           £54.99
                     


 add to cart









steel cord with glider 1.5mm max 20kg
the glider is made of steel to be hooked to clip rails (wall hanging system) or u rails (ceiling han..
           £2.99
                     


 add to cart









slatwall anchor
slatwall anchor in white. to use with perlon cord + loop and hookscan use as coat hangers to display..
           £0.35
                     


 add to cart









slatwall shelf system
this is a new and innovative bracket, enabling the use of glass shelves on your slatwall panels.it's..
           £3.49
                     


 add to cart






 



hanging systemsclip rail systemj- rail systemtraditional hanging system




hanging accessorieshanging hookshanging wires/ cablesother picture hanging tools




display systemsdisplay easelsdisplay browserscable and rod display


 



fast delivery

reliable shipping throughout the uk and ireland as well as delivering worldwide. we can arrange next day delivery* or pick-up for london and south east england orders on advance request.




since 1989

helped with vast range of picture hanging projects of clients ranging from interior designers, architects, diy business to home decorators. need help with your picture hanging project? give us a call on +44 7468 777 164.




custom made

less waste and save the planet. we have range of products from picture hanging systems to custom glass shelves that are made to order. no project is too complicated for us.




 
























































































 
picture hanging systems and art display systems
art galleries, shops, museums, hotels as well as private homes have been relying on us for the last 20 years to deliver the best hanging and display systems for their artworks and pictures.
we have simple solutions to discretely, quickly and easily exhibit your products as opposed to the traditional hammer and nail approach. our wall and ceiling hanging systems give you the opportunity to, once and for all, make flexible configurations with the minimum work.
in addition to the above we can also boast a wide selection of artist and display easels, as well as easel stands that can be either bought or rented from us. bespoke and standard sized glass shelves that can provide a modern and stylish twist are also available from us.
if on this broad selection of products you can't find what you are looking for please contact us and we will try find a solution at your hanging display.
we are delivering worldwide and we can arrange next day delivery* or pick-up for london and south east england orders.don't forget to like our facebook page or follow us on pinterest for new products!








information

about us
delivery information
privacy policy
terms & conditions
links



customer service

contact us
returns
site map



extras

brands

specials



my account

my account
order history
wish list
newsletter




 peak rock ltd © 2025 registered in england no.4865857




