



mast institute































jump to main content









request information



give
visit
apply








menu




apply
visit
request information
give
admissions


getting started

first-year
transfer
graduate
international
extended campus



costs and aid

costs
financial aid



a closer look

visit campus
virtual tour
orientation
apply




academics



academic overview
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
departments and colleges
education abroad
catalog




schedule of classes
bookstore
research
library
career readiness




student experience



living on campus

campus recreation
entertainment
fraternities and sororities




student resources and support
safety
clubs and organizations
graduate student association




 arts

the arts at unc
arts calendar
buy tickets
galleries


athletics
alumni

unc alumni association
alumni outcomes and success
career and employer connections
commencement
giving to unc


for you

admitted undergraduate students
admitted graduate students
current students
faculty and staff
parents, friends and mentors


about



unc overview
a students first university
mission and vision
university leadership
becoming a hispanic serving institution




contact us
find people
campus map
greeley, co
news and events








directories, find people, search site


a-z index
find people
office directory
departments
acronyms
calendar




















mast institute 
mathematics & science teaching institute









mast institute 



home
staff
poster printing
research








unc
college of natural and health sciences
mast institute 









mast institute
the mathematics and science teaching (mast) institute, established in 1987, provides leadership and coordination for projects and programs to improve
                              mathematics and science education. the mission of the mast institute is to lead and advocate for initiatives that promote and improve teaching, learning, diversity, and equity in stem education.
                              the institute strives to put research into practice by advocating for policy, facilitating education outreach initiatives,programming, and developing the expertise of educators in stem. the mast institute serves as both an intellectual and logistical
                              hub to support these initiatives and collaborates with the stem inclusive excellence collective. 

initiatives for improving pre-collegiate education and experiences in stem 

frontiers of science (fsi)

since 1959, the frontiers of science institute (fsi), a six-week summer residential
                                    program, has been dedicated to boosting stem aspirations and achievement of emerging
                                    high school sophomores, juniors, and seniors. fsi immerses students in stem topics
                                    via engaging courses, outdoor education, industrial visitations, seminars by industry
                                    and academic professionals, and mentored research. 
frontiers of science 

longs peak science and engineering fair (lpsef) 

since 1970, the longs peak science and engineering fair (lpsef) has hosted weld, larimer,
                                    and jackson counties 5th-12th grade students each february. engineers, scientists,
                                    educators, and college students devote their time to judge student projects and determine
                                    those that qualify for state-level competition. 
lpsef


initiatives for improving undergraduate and graduate education
learning through engaging and authentic practices (leap) 
since 2015, the learning through engaging and authentic practices (leap) program has
                                    supported students who identify as first-generation, low income, and students of colorthrive
                                    in college.the year-long program provides academic support and guidance for students
                                    majoring in biology or chemistry with a health sciences emphasis who plan toapply
                                    to professional schools. 
leap  
stemspire at unc: empowering students to lead through research 
stemspire at unc is a paid five-week summer research experience for peers. stemspire is collaborating with the  rocky mountain louis stokes alliance for minority participation(lsamp) program,office of undergraduate research, and the stem-iec. 
stemspire 
learning assistant (la) program 
las are undergraduate students who serve as peer instructors in the classroom to support
                                    student learning, primarily via facilitating group work and classroom community. 
                                    las attend class meetings, meet weekly with the course instructor, and learn about
                                    the science of teaching. it's a great way for bears to support bears. the la program
                                    is collaborating with mast and stem-iec. 
learn more 


research
the mast instituteseeks toincrease the body of knowledge in stem education through research and practice. through collaboration with unc researchers, k-12 stakeholders, and community partners,
                                       part of our mission is to conduct and disseminate research. to help achieve this goal, the mast institute has collaborated with multiple campus partners to acquire federal funding programs and continues to develop and apply for additional funding.
research



inititatives for improving undergraduate and graduate education
 
learning assistant program 
las are undergraduate students who serve as peer instructors in the classroom to support
                           student learning, primarily via facilitating group work and classroom community. 
                           las attend class meetings, meet weekly with the course instructor, and learn about
                           the science of teaching. it's a great way for bears to support bears. learn more
 
rocky mountain alliance for minority participation (rm amp) 
the rm amp at unc is collaborating with the office of undergraduate research and the stem-iec to offer a paid five-week summer research experience for peers. learn more
 
mast institute vision & mission statements
 
vision
the vision of the mast institute is to lead efforts to transform teaching and learning
                        in science and mathematics education and to promote diversity and equity.  
mission
the mission of the mast institute is to be a leader of and advocate for initiatives
                        to promote and improve teaching, learning, diversity, and equity in stem education.
                        the institute seeks to increase the body of stem education knowledge by collaborating
                        with unc researchers, k-12 stakeholders, and community partners to conduct and disseminate
                        stem education research. the institute strives to put research into practice by advocating
                        for policy, facilitating education outreach initiatives, and developing the expertise
                        of educators in stem education. the mast institute serves as both an intellectual
                        and logistical hub to support these initiatives.





mailing address:
university of northern coloradomast instituteross hall, 2279 suite501 20th st.greeley co 80639
contact us:
mast@unco.edu














contact unc

	970-351-1890
	501 20th st.
	greeley, co 80639



social media











about unc

unc overview
awards & accolades
leadership
organizational chart
strategic plan 
accreditation
student consumer information
sustainability
accessibility statement



quicklinks

bookstore
campus map
course catalog
employment
give to unc
libraries
parking
safety
ursa
open records act




page last updated: today | contact for this page: nathan tran


privacy policy
 |
affirmative action/equal employment opportunity/title ix policy & coordinator









dec 11, 2024

