


bytefusion sofware - time servers, time clients and much more...








products

network time management
legacy products
free software


downloads

all products


purchase

list prices
credit card and paypal
purchase order


support

latest versions
premium support
support pages


contact

us and canada
europe
world


home








presentense time server/client suite


   the right time on your network is becoming increasingly important with many industries being regulated by government or the threat of litigation 
   to not only have the correct time but also be able to prove it. our presentense range of time products have since 1998 been maintaining the correct time 
   in worldwide locations from the deepest oceans to outer space and everywhere in between. more information >>

one year upgrade guarantee

    have you ever bought software and felt more like a beta tester than a customer? are you tired of the endless upgrade cycle of some products? 
	welcome to bytefusion software. we do the development and testing and let you, the customer, get on with your work and we prove this by offering
	a one year upgrade guarantee. 
more information >>





support and customer service

   timely support is the cornerstone of any business relationship and our experienced support engineers, backed up by our programming 
   team ensure that you receive fast and professional support. we realize that not everybody is an expert at our products but fortunately we 
   are and we're here to help!
more information >> 

email encryption

   our free email encryption products have been moved to www.bfdownload.com so please visit this site for downloading our encryption products as 
   well as presentense time client and presentense time server.

latest news


      lantime analyzer 5.0 released more >>
      presentense time client 5.2 released more >>
   presentense time server 5.0 released! more >>
    swedish customers can now purchase presentense time server from alarma webshop more >>












