




certification and education health care and nursing, counseling | aihcp





















hypnosis • case management • legal nurse consultant • grief counseling • stress management • meditation • spiritual counseling




  







the american institute
                of health care professionals 
"dedicated to continued learning, growth, and achievement in health care practice"              

the american institute of health care professionals inc. is a professional           organization serving various health care professionals; providing health           care certification, continuing education, and fellowship programs in many practice specialities.           additionally, the american institute of health care professionals inc.           offers program approvals for continuing education events, seminars, courses,           independent study, and other educational activities based on quality           standards.              
our specialty practice certification and education programs include grief counseling, legal nurse consulting, case management, spiritual counseling, patient education, stress management, meditation, holistic health, hypnotherapy, crisis intervention, thanantology, forensic nursing, christian spiritual counseling, substance abuse counseling and more. you may access the full information  for the practice specialities below.
privacy policy 
request information
[if you are using a tablet or another mobile device to view this page, you may click here to view in a more responsive format: click here
have questions? join us on "live chat" online now!  one of our advisors will be happy to assist you and respond to your questions: access now
 
why achieve a professional health care certification?

acquire advanced knowledge and skills in a sub-specialty health care practice
achieve national recognition for attainment of knowledge and skills by meeting established standards of professional advanced practice
enhance and expand your health care practice
increase your marketability
be viewed as a credentialed expert in your practice specialty
become part of a professional group and network of recognized and certified health care specialists

our continuing education programs

online continuing education courses are designed to meet the education requirements to achieve our certifications
our courses are online by distance education, with no travel requirements
courses are designed for independent study with faculty mentoring
we are an approved provider of continuing education by several nursing boards and co-sponsor courses with other board approvals
receive a continuing education certificate with awarded contact hours for each course completed
all courses are provided in online classrooms
students have access to resources,  social media, blogs and more for learning support
open enrollment, you may begin a course at anytime


aihcp blog: please visit our interactive web blog. here you will find frequently added information on our programs, articles and news by practice speciality, and much more. register and become a part of our professional health care community.



the certification process: we have a dedicated page that provides a quick over-view of our certification process. it will provide you with good information about the process/phases of both the education courses and application for certification. to access: click here

 
divisions of the american institute           of health care professionals                
click the links below for information on our certification               and fellowship programs 


the american academy of grief counseling
the american academy of case management
the american college of legal nurse consulting
pastoral thanatology certification
holistic and integrative health care specialist 
forensic nursing practice certification 
the center for continuing professional education

stress management consulting division
meditation instructor certification division
crisis intervention counseling division 
nurse-patient educator certification division
substance abuse practitioner certification division
anger management specialist certification division
attention deficit consulting certification division 
 
spiritual counseling certification division

the american institute of funeral service associates
health care life coach certification division 
the american college of hypnotherapy

ce courses                                                                              request information            
ce approvals                                                          policies of the aihcp, inc.
privacy policy                                                                           call for course faculty
contact information                                                                              members directory
site map
 the american institute of health care professionals, inc.
                      2400 niles-cortland rd. s.e.  suite # 4
                      warren, ohio  44484
                      
phone: 330-652-7776

fax: 330-652-7575 

e-mail: info@aihcp.org
                      hours:  9:00 am - 5:00 pm est  (monday- friday)
                      









 ^ back to top ^ 

  2400 niles-cortland rd. s.e. suite #4, warren, ohio 44484
tel: 330-652-7776 • fax: 330-652-7575
© 2006 american institute of health care professionals






