


bambino's curse: diary of a red sox fan







  







 

skip navigation


 current   archives  author bio

 sources  what is ...? 






			  
		
bambino's curse

			  
		
diary of a red sox fan




saturday, december 25, 2004

sending good tidings
as i sit here in the predawn glow of a christmas morning and everyone else
 still in bed (with visions of sugar plums dancing in their heads) now seemed
 as good a time as any to give a brief update and say hello.
if you haven't already seen it, i
 have a guest column over on alex belth's bronx banter blog. (yes,
 yes, it's a yankees' fan blog. but a darned good one and alex has been one of
 my favorite baseball writers on the web for a couple seasons now.) in the column,
 i offer a longer explanation for the post world series archival of this site
 as well as offering a sense of where my head is at these days.
in other news, i'll be doing a panel at this year's south
 by southwest (sxsw) interactive festival in austin on march 13th. it'll
 be a one hour session in which i discuss the history of the bambino's curse
 site as well as offering some tips and tricks on blogging and predicting where
 the baseball blogosphere is headed. (and by predicting i mean making wild asses
 guesses that have a very remote chance of coming to pass. speaking of remote
 chances, did
 you hear about this asteroid? it's comforting to know the red sox won another
 world series before the world gets blown to bits.)
as for the future of my own red sox blogging, i've decided on a name for the
 new site.
invincible summer: diary of a red sox fan. 
i got the idea from a camus quote: "in the depth of winter, i finally
 learned that within me there lay an invincible summer." it's perfect, i
 think, as it really gets at the "positive
 visualization" attitude we all had going and dovetails nicely with
 the sisyphian
 struggles we all went through for so long.
the design for the new site has been mocked and it'll be reachable at http://www.invinciblesummer.com
 once it's launched, hopefully no later than opening day and with luck by spring
 training. 
i'll post the infrequent updates here in the meantime.
keep your sox on.





*permalink




thursday, october 28, 2004

mission accomplished (for real!)

 the clouds are broken in 
    the sky,
       and thro' the mountain-walls
    a rolling organ-harmony
       swells up, and shakes and falls.
    then move the trees, the copses nod,
       wings flutter, voices hover clear:
    "o just and faithful knight of god!
       ride on! the prize is near."
    so pass i hostel, hall, and grange;
       by bridge and ford, by park and pale,
    all-arm'd i ride, whate'er betide,
       until i find the holy grail.
    (from tennyson's "sir 
    galahad")

tie up your steed galahad, the grail cup is in hand!
and just like that it's all gone: no more curse; no more 1918; no more getting 
  the rock almost to the top of the hill only to have it roll back down and crush 
  us… 
the subject line in an email i received from my since boyhood friend and diehard 
  sox fan, mike says it all: "now i can get on with the rest of my life."
hallelujah!  sweet relief.

 "so many people can die happy now,'' general manager theo epstein 
    said. "but a whole lot more can live happy. . . . i hope they're getting 
    that '2000!' chant ready for the yankees in boston next year" (horrigan, 
    herald). 

i hope someone is right now commissioning an artist to create the theo epstein 
  statue for prominent placement. thank you, theo epstein! thank you bronson arroyo, 
  alan embree, keith foulke, curtis leskanic, derek lowe, pedro martinez, mike 
  myers, curt schilling, mike timlin, and tim wakefield. thank you, doug mirabelli 
  and jason varitek. thank you, mark bellhorn, orlando cabrera, doug mientkiewicz, 
  kevin millar, bill mueller, pokey reese, kevin youkilis, johnny damon, gabe 
  kapler, trot nixon, manny ramirez (mvp!), 
  dave roberts, and david ortiz. and thank you, terry francona.
ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, everyone who has stopped by this blog 
  once, twice, or a couple hundred times in the past four seasons, thank you! 

my work here is done. 
this will be the final, regular post to the bambino's curse weblog. 
  the site, however, and all the archives will remain online forever, as a small 
  testament and recollection of what it was like to be a fan before the red sox 
  won their first world series since 1918. (like anyone wants to relive that!)
and i will resurface somewhere, somehow, and in some form in the future (like 
  dr. who after a regeneration). indeed, i just this morning bought a couple of 
  domains that i may use for the new endeavor. plus for the past couple of months 
  me and a couple other folks (whom i won't name but let's just say they make 
  the best fan t-shirts in the world) have been planning a joint project that 
  we hope to launch by opening day 2005. (you'll love it! trust me.)
until then, i bid you au revoir. 
keep your sox on!






*permalink




wednesday, october 27, 2004

"we are ripe, reap us!"
the time of mists and mellow fruitfulness is finally, finally upon us. one 
  win away from a world series victory? 
  i'm with jackie macmullen in asking, "how did this happen?"

how is it this band of self-described idiots, with raggy hair and baggy pants 
    and shabby defense (eight errors through the first two games) find themselves 
    on the cusp of doing something ted williams, carl yastrzemski, jim rice, carlton 
    fisk, roger clemens, and nomar garciaparra never were able to achieve wearing 
    the boston uniform?

and forget about asking whether or not i dare to eat a peach, the hapless, 
  been burned before prufrock in me wonders, "do i dare even imagine that 
  the red sox can win one more game in 2004?" partly, of course, my trepidation 
  is rooted firmly in the fecund, weighted with weeds, funeral plot of memory 
  where the headstone inscription reads, "2 outs, 2 strikes, bottom of the 
  9th, shea stadium, 1986." 
why not just give in believe this is the year? after all, history is on our 
  side.

… the sox become the 21st team to surge to a 3-0 lead in world series 
    history. all 20 predecessors went on to win the title, including 17 by sweeps. 
    each of the last five teams to take a 3-0 lead has won the championship in 
    four games. st. louis has not held a lead in any game this series (horrigan, 
    herald). 

but i'd be more given to just believe it, oddly enough, if the red sox had 
  not just become the first team ever to come back from being down 0-3 in mlb 
  playoff history. so here i am then, in this classic, psychological approach/avoidance 
  conflict. i'm barely able to move, let alone think.
you know, i'm trying to avoid the self-referential, chip on the shoulder, red 
  sox fan attitude that so infuriates the rest of the world, the "it's all 
  about us" attitude, but what fans other than red sox fans would 
  find themselves so wedged between this historical scylla and charybdis? no team 
  comes back from 0-3 except our team who came back from 0-3, round and round 
  the whirlpool cum cesspool of possible imagined outcomes spins and spins in 
  my mind.
how did this happen?
and what of the this moon?

a lunar eclipse is due to start less than an hour before the sox and st. 
    louis cardinals play the fourth game of the world series tonight. if skies 
    are clear, the moon over busch stadium will be blood red in the late innings.
there has never been a full lunar eclipse in the middle of a world series 
    game. red october, indeed (shaughnessy).

do we dare imagine this is the moon ted hughes calls forth in his poem "harvest 
  moon"?

the flame-red moon, the harvest moon,
    rolls along the hills, gently bouncing,
    a vast balloon,
    till it takes off, and sinks upward
    to lie on the bottom of the sky, like a gold doubloon.
    the harvest moon has come,
    booming softly through heaven, like a bassoon.
    and the earth replies all night, like a deep drum
so people can't sleep,
    so they go out where elms and oak trees keep
    a kneeling vigil, in a religious hush.
    the harvest moon has come!
and all the moonlit cows and all the sheep
    stare up at her petrified, while she swells
    filling heaven, as if red hot, and sailing
    closer and closer like the end of the world.
till the gold fields of stiff wheat
    cry `we are ripe, reap us!' and the rivers
    sweat from the melting hills. 

let's see how the poem mirrors what's going on in red sox nation. red moon. 
  check. sound of drumming in your brain? check. can't sleep? check. religious 
  hush? check. red sox world series victory may cause the end of the world? check. 
  sweat? check. ripe and ready to be reaped? for cripes sake yes, yes, yes. reap 
  me already!




*permalink





tuesday, october 26, 2004

go greased lightnin'. go.
so i bet i'm not the only one who has been going through the past couple of 
  day like this: you'll be sitting there at work or driving or eating breakfast 
  or whatever and about every couple of minutes you'll go, "ohmygaw. the 
  red sox are in the world series!"
it still hasn't really sunk in. hell, i don't want it to sink in as i don't 
  want to lose the giddiness of it all. and just when i do start to get used to 
  the idea i then remember, "the red sox have a 2-0 game lead in the world 
  series!"
now if that's not enough, how about this:

after batting practice last night, pedro martinez slowly was peeling off 
    his red socks in front of his locker at busch stadium. 
placing his hand on martinez' back, locker neighbor curt schilling leaned 
    in close to his teammate and said, "did i tell you how excited i am to 
    watch you pitch tomorrow night? i've got chills" (silverman, 
    herald).

and you know schilling means it. the guy is the real deal despite jealous, 
   anti-schilling snickering 
  found elsewhere. (believe it or not, 
  some are suggesting he faked the blood on his sock. sosh has a 
  thread 
  on this and other lunacy.)
as for chills, i've got 'em, too, big time. i mean i've got more chills than 
  danny zuko laying eyes on the lithesome 
  sandy olsson for the first time. they're multiplyin'. it's electrifyin'. 

bob 
  ryan isn't alone when he suggests pedro is the one we want tonight:

one game to out-curt curt. one game to say goodbye. one game to say, "pay 
    me." one game to show off for his countrymen watching on tv down in the 
    dominican. one game to have people back home chanting "pe-dro!" 
    in the living rooms and bars of new england. one game to remind everyone that 
    he still can pitch as well as anyone in the world. one game to put the boston 
    red sox up, 3-0.

i just had another ohmygaw thought: pedro martinez is pitching in his first 
  world series ever. for the boston red sox. who are up 2-0. in the world series!
alan embree joins the chills for pedro chorus,

"i expect to see a pretty spectacular pedro (tonight)," the left-hander 
    said. "he's never been (in a world series) before, and he's got every 
    other accolade you can think of. this will help him complete another great 
    chapter in his career" (silverman).

in other news, did you read that la russa and the cardinals are all upset about 
  their accommodations while in boston?

la russa told the st. louis post-dispatch that his team was upset about having 
    to be stationed at the quincy marriott, which is at the base of the southeast 
    expressway at the juncture of i-93 and route 3. he complained about the location 
    of the hotel, the lack of late-night room service and traffic coming and going 
    through quincy. 
"it was a real bummer to the point where a lot of us were upset and 
    embarrassed," la russa said (horrigan, 
    herald).

i'm still trying to figure out what was "embarrassing" about it. 
  meanwhile, the red sox contend those were the best rooms available considering 
  everything going on in boston (head of the charles regatta and parents weekend 
  at several local universities). evidently, though, there are plenty of rooms 
  available in st. louis. (hard to believe considering what 
  a happening place it is and all.)
by the way, did you know the red sox are in the wolrd series!?
unbelievable. 
let me close with what beth calls a "tiny and quiet" side of happiness:

… tonight at work i saw a sign that's been on the newsroom wall for 
    a little while announcing in blue ballpoint pen that copies of the book chasing 
    steinbrenner were available downstairs for $26.00. tonight i noticed as i 
    walked to the elevator that the word "chasing" had been written 
    over in red marker that said "catching??" (cursed 
    and first).

beautiful.

onlinecasinoreviews.net offers reviews and rankings for the leading online poker sites and casinos. find game information for progressive slots, atlantic city blackjack or jacks or better video poker.




*permalink




monday, october 25, 2004

it's happening (isn't it?)

	trying my best to temper my emotions. although it was 18 years ago, the memories of the first two sox wins, on the road no less, against the mets in '86 are all of a sudden very much on my mind. 


	but you know what? in 1986 the we, players and fans alike, didn't have anything quite like this:



		i just wish everybody on this planet could experience the day i just experienced i will never use the words 'unbelievable' and 'the lord' in the same sentence. it was the most amazing day of my life (herald).
	

		i left my house, and i'm driving to the park, and anyone who knows where medfield is, they know it's a pretty long haul.
	

		there were signs every mile from my house to this ballpark on fire stations, on telephone poles, wishing me luck. i can't explain what it was like (globe)."
	


	no need to try and explain, mr. schilling. while we have no idea of the pain you were going through, on the emotional side, i suspect your feelings of amazement from the energy level and adoration of the fans is very similar to our standing aghast on your every pitch. curt schilling and red sox fans are in symbiosis. in all the years i've watched sports, i've never experienced anything like this.


	from the moment curt schilling first logged on to 
	
		sosh
	
	to chat with red sox fans last november, we knew he was not your run of the mill ballplayer. when he spoke of thriving in the "win or else" environment of boston, we knew he understood. when he wore the 1919 replica sox jersey and told us he would "step up and help" the red sox win a world series, we appreciated his intent.


	but who knew, who knew just how much he meant it all?


	how many times in your life have you come across someone who is exactly what they claim to be? 


	we live in a culture so awash in cliché, so full of professional athletes (and others) telling us about "playing through pain" and "putting the team first" but more often than not the sentiment if not being outright empty is considerably less than advertised.


	not so with number 38 of the boston red sox.


	i've never seen anything quite like it. 


	and the rest of the team inspires awe as well. varitek, cabrera, bellhorn, two out hit after two out hit …


	if this isn't 
	
		the
	
	year, then i can't imagine what is.

me already!





*permalink









style switcher

						choose an alternate page design: 
					


























sorry. it appears the style switcher is not available for your browser version. 
					

… 1918, 2004, 2007 » what is bambino's curse?



 























bambino's curse, diary of a red sox fan



current entries


archived entries


author bio.


sources


what is ...?




					email: 

					© 2001–2005 edward cossette


					issn 1538-0521 
				


rss syndication


					note: your browser does not fully support style sheets or style sheets have been disabled in the user preferences. consequently, elements pertaining to visual display of this page have been altered and/or minimized. 
				



 

 








