













home-en - nc health info
































 

 








skip to main content








search the nc health info website









            		a resource by the unc health sciences library









toggle navigation





home
all topics
about us
need help? ask us!
español
 

 






nc health info aims to help north carolina citizens make informed decisions about their health. on our site you will find reliable and easy-to-understand information on topics like health conditions, low and no-cost treatment options, and where to find providers and services in north carolina. all resources have been carefully selected by volunteer librarians. to learn more about how we select resources, see our page on policies & disclaimers. having trouble accessing government information? see the libraries’ guide to alternative sources for federal information and data.




covid-19 information
looking for information on covid? see our covid-19 resources guide. here you can learn about the disease and how it spreads, where to get tested and vaccinated, as well as information specific to north carolina.






managing your health care

read about insurance, patient & family issues, and good health information




providers & services

find a doctor, hospital and other healthcare providers in your area and online




today’s health focus



988 suicide & crisis lifeline
need to consult a doctor from home?learn more about telehealth
heart disease awareness month
find heart resources











free & discounted services

find free & discounted medical services to help manage your health




staying healthy & safe

educate yourself on how to stay healthy & safe




medications & therapies

explore alternative therapies, drugs & pharmaceuticals, and clinical trials








housing, safety, food & transportation assistance

learn about assistance with every-day expenses.




guides

how to use the internet & mobile tools to manage your health




health topics

learn more about physical & mental health conditions


























nc health info is a service of the health sciences library at the university of north carolina at chapel hill and is maintained by volunteer librarians statewide.







as of december 15th 2022, the hon web site and certification review program is no longer maintained. however, nc health info continues to maintain ethical editorial standards equivalent to, or exceeding hon code certification.


© 2025 the university of north carolina at chapel hill health sciences library. all rights reserved
contact     accessibility     disclaimers     privacy









