 



binghamton university alumni association | alumni association | binghamton university




























skip to main content




binghamton university: the state university of new york

alumni association 

searchmenu 









search








alumni associationalumni associationengageconnectbe informedshow your pridealumni directorycareer resources for studentscontact usgive now



binghamton university alumni association




binghamton university alumni are bright, accomplished and forward-thinking. our nearly
                        160,000 graduates are everywhere: in all 50 states, and in more than 100 countries.
                        the alumni association exists to connect you with the university and with other dynamic
                        people in our growing alumni network. get involved today!






students for a short time, alumni for a lifetime.














learn something new


the binghamton learning network webinar series features alumni speakers on how-to
                                 topics: financial, career growth and more.

learn more







choose your adventure


our alumni travel program connects you to unforgettable places, people and cultures.
                                 make memories that last a lifetime!

learn more







let's connect


join us at an upcoming alumni event. meet new people, bond over binghamton memories,
                                 and grow your network.

see the calendar








our alumni
binghamton alumni are exceptional, innovative and successful. they have a global impact.
                        be an active part of this powerful network!








about the alumni association
the binghamton university alumni association is nearly as old as the university itself.
                     the harpur college alumni association elected its first officers in 1951, following
                     the first commencement. as harpur college grew and became a part of the state university
                     of new york, the alumni association grew and today serves as the umbrella organization
                     for a number of alumni groups and activities.
the office of alumni engagement supports the binghamton university alumni association,
                     working on behalf of its board of directors, an all-volunteer policy-setting body.
                     the association represents more than 150,000 alumni and is a non-dues paying organization.
                     all binghamton graduates automatically become members and are entitled to the quality
                     services and activities provided by the alumni association.
whether your connections to binghamton university are through one of the six schools,
                     various athletic teams, special interest networks or other groups, the binghamton
                     university alumni association serves as a source of volunteer guidance, resources,
                     camaraderie and support. join us for our events and don't hesitate to let us know
                     what you want from your alumni association. your interests are important. together,
                     we will help ensure the excellence that is the source of our pride in binghamton university.


mission statement
to foster a life-long relationship between binghamton university and its alumni.
mission
the mission of the binghamton university alumni association is to reach, serve and
                     engage all binghamton alumni. the association connects binghamton alumni to the university
                     and to each other and supports the university's mission of teaching, research and
                     service. the binghamton university alumni association does this by encouraging collaboration,
                     inclusiveness and continuing the tradition of excellence and building binghamton pride.
vision statement
the binghamton university alumni association is a dynamic and inclusive organization
                     that is recognized as a valuable resource by the binghamton university community.
                     a dedicated board of directors works effectively with campus partners to offer programs
                     that foster campus traditions and perpetuate a passion for a life-long involvement
                     with the university. students for a short time, alumni for a lifetime.
adopted by the association's board oct. 13, 2012


 alumni associationengageconnectbe informedshow your pridealumni directorycareer resources for studentscontact usgive now






 share on facebook share on twitter share on pinterest share on linkedin share by email 







© 2025 binghamton university state university of new york




accessibility
emergencies
privacy




contactvisitshare




return to top







last updated: 12/12/24