

















royal west indies, turks and caicos resort, family vacation hotel

































































































covid-19 protocol and procedures 

				 call toll-free 1-800-332-4203 or locally 1-649-946-5004 |    weather 









 
home
resort

introduction

resort amenities
pelican bay restaurant & bar
location
about tci
weather


accommodation

studio suite
one bedroom suite
two bedroom suite
room rates
contact us


media gallery

drone footage
resort images
wedding gallery




rates
specials
activities

resort activities

vacation photography
weddings
spa




dining
contact
check availability
 











 
 

 rwi menu	
 








 


 


 


 


 


 

















welcome to royal west indiesaward winning
turks and caicos resort
a luxurious beachfront turks and caicos resort hotel nestled on the shores of world famous grace bay beach in the turks and caicos islands.
the all-suite property features oversized studio, one- and two- bedroom accommodations, all tastefully appointed in classic caribbean colonial style and offering spacious indoor-outdoor living space and convenient kitchen areas. located directly on the white sands of the caribbean’s most stunning beach, the mesmerizing waters of grace bay beach turks and caicos are just steps away.


more about royal west indies


award winning grace bay beach
turks & caicos grace bay beach have grabbed honors in the following  tripadvisor travelers’ choice award categories: #1 of the top 25 beaches in the world in 2016. also providenciales in the turks and caicos was tripadvisor’s 2015 year pick for the world’s top island.
experience the best of the turks and caicos islands with us. our resort makes for the perfect base to explore the delights of the grace bay area in providenciales.
save


more about turks and caicos


select yourturks and caicos resort accommodation
spacious, comfortable, well appointed…and surprisingly affordable





studio suite
these 540 sq. ft. suites are ideal for couples, individuals and business travelers alike. these 540 sq. ft. suites are ideal for couples, individuals and business travelers alike. walk out balconies offer full enjoyment of the tropical environment while the ...more details

one bedroom suite
showcasing a wraparound balcony providing wonderful views of grace bay beach or royal west indies' tropical gardens, these 1004 sq. ft. suites provide an airy and spacious living environment for couples and small families. the views extend into the spacious ...more details

two bedroom suite
many of the royal west indies' studio and one bedroom suites were designed with a common foyer that when used, allow the formation of a 1544 sq. ft. two bedroom, two bath suite. the two bedroom configuration offers a perfect ...more details





the top reasons…


why to come to turks & caicos?world travel awardswhy to choose royal west indies?on-site restaurant & barwhy to come to turks & caicos?


the turks and caicos islands have emerged as a favorite destination for those who enjoy uncrowded pristine beaches, fantastic water sports (including world renowned scuba diving), an unhurried pace, and first class amenities. visitors can experience a true caribbean holiday without the crowds and high rise development that other islands have experienced in recent years.


world travel awards


the turks & caicos islands, as a destination, has won the world travel award for caribbean’s leading beach destination every year since 2015. from 2012 to 2014 the award for caribbean’s leading beach destination was won by grace bay beach specifically. the turks and caicos islands also won the award for caribbean’s most romantic destination in 2019 for the first time. .
turks & caicos grace bay beach have grabbed honors in the following 2016 tripadvisor travelers’ choice award categories: #1 of the top 25 beaches in the world.
providenciales in the turks and caicos is tripadvisor’s 2015 year pick for the world’s top island.
save


why to choose royal west indies?


our resort makes for the perfect base to explore the delights of the grace bay area in providenciales.
as one of the first luxury beachfront all-suite resorts in turks & caicos, we are proud of our long history of delivering memorable caribbean vacations to visitors from around the world. we are also proud of our commitment to value. our surprisingly affordable rates have kept sun seekers coming back to us year after year to enjoy our prime beachfront location, friendly hospitality and first class amenities.









royal west indies is located in the heart of grace bay, within walking distance to many restaurants, shops, a casino, a golf course and other attractions. bikes are available through our concierge service.


read moreon-site restaurant & bar


pelican bay restaurant is the heart of rwi social life and the ideal spot for family meals or a romantic dinner for two. enjoy full breakfast, lunch and dinner service from 7:30 am to 10:00 pm with indoor and outdoor seating or take out service by request. and don’t forget the “island’s best happy hour” from 5-7 pm every evening featuring two for one drinks. executive chef peter redstone and his staff pride themselves on creating a variety of unique dishes that turn dining into an experience. nightly special events include, ‘lobster extravaganza’, ‘surf & turks carnival’ and ‘jerk fiesta’ – culinary celebrations all held poolside with live entertainment.


read more


what can you in turks & caicos islands?things to do
the tci boasts world class fishing grounds, snorkeling and diving, unspoiled beaches, historical sites and an endless array of places to hike and explore. the third largest barrier reef in the world lies just offshore providing a home for a breath-taking assemblage of coral formations, rays, and colorful tropical fish. there are many reputable services on the island that can assist you with:


















private boat charters
spoil yourself with private boat charter in the turks and caicos islands. tours visit little water cay, half moon bay, fort george cay, west caicos and many more…























fishing charters
spend a day on the turquoise waters of turks and caicos deep sea fishing.tuna, mahi, wahoo, marlin, grouper, snapper and more…























snorkeling
from smith’s reef to mudjin harbor, turks and caicos is home to some great snorkeling spots that will entertain visitors of all experience























scuba diving
the turks & caicos islands provides scuba divers with a dive experience not easily matched.























sunset cruise
see the setting sun from the ocean, or watch the unique glow worms light up the water. an evening cruise is a relaxing way to end the day.























sup, stand up paddle-boarding
discover amazing paddle boarding and suping in the turks and caicos. best locations, guided eco-tours, and equipment.























jet ski rentals
best way to explore the south side of the islands, the caicos bank is with  jet ski rentals, guided and unguided jet ski tours.























horseback riding
tours include beach rides and wading in spectacular turquoise water. the local stables are able to accommodate all skill levels, making the activity perfect for children and families.










what can you do at royal west indies?turks & caicos resort activities
the royal west indies offers a wide variety of activities on property or within close proximity.
we’d be happy to tell you all about these exciting activities available when you arrive for your
vacation in the turks & caicos.


more activitiesgrace bay beachwhite powder sandy beach @ rwi resortroyal west indies resortyour caribbean vacation destination







did you like this? share it! 

























sign up to get informed about or amazing discounts and specials!
email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human: royal west indies resortroyal west indies resort
deluxe suite options
accommodation rates
availability check
special offers
photo gallery
virtual tour
location
pelican bay restaurant
about turks and caicos
activities
 




1 (800) 332-4203 or 
1 (649) 946-5004
“royal west indies resort" is a registered trademark of rwi management ltd.
© 2008-2021, royal west indies resort - turks and caicos family vacation, caribbean resort
royal west indies resort | p.o. box 482 | providenciales | turks and caicos islands | british west indies









 




exclusive special deals 







 





2025 early bird summer special – 10% off 



book now – february 25th 






more details













sale ends in:







 days : hours : minutes : seconds 






























































 

