








thckk web site, winchester keen kutter ovb diamond edge bluegrass



































 











 







 









 





























 
 
mission
special note:
 
please be aware, the thckk 2021 auction and meeting is on
        hold until further notice. 
 
notice will be posted on this page and on the thckk facebook
        page.
 
 
the
        mission of thckk is to educate our members and the general public about
        the about the history and functions of the great hardware companies,
        including simmons hardware, shapleigh hardware, belknap hardware, witte
        hardware, winchester-simmons hardware, and others. we want to improve
        the ability of our members to add to their collections by meeting on a
        yearly basis and sharing both their knowledge and their collections.
         
thckk
        is a not-for-profit organization formed in march of 1996. it serves to
        distribute information and provide an interactive forum about hardware companies
        such as e.c. simmons, a.f. shapleigh, and the winchester store (and the
        popular collectibles bearing their logos and house brands) and other
        historically interesting hardware companies.

our
        members are interested in tools, various types of advertising, catalogs
        and ephemera, promotional and other related hardware, household and
        sporting goods that were sold by these hardware companies. probably the
        most familiar of these logos and company slogans are keen kutter " the
        recollection of quality remains long after the price is
        forgotten.", diamond edge , "diamond edge is the quality
        pledge" and the winchester store "... as good as the
        gun". other tool and hardware company house brands such as polly
        prim, oak leaf, crusader, "our very best" ( hibbard, spencer,
        bartlett & company), revonoc, cruso; blue grass (belknap hardware) "the
        nation's standard of quality" & "tools of honor",
        pine knot, john primble, thoroughbred;
        stanley rule and level co, four square, etc. will also be included as
        interest dictates. witte- ixl square brand; wyeth, lee, bbb (bingham's
        best brand), van camp, sargent-very best made, etc. are also of
        interest to many members.

















































membership
 
presently
        thckk has over 200 members representing 38 states. dues are $25.00 per
        year and includes 3 newsletters. " the winchester * keen kutter * diamond edge chronicles" is the
        official publication of thckk and features articles, historical items,
        tidbits, updates on fakes and fantasy items, and questions about any
        items related to this field. an annual klub
        meet (as a part of the annual auction by simmons auction service) is
        held in richmond, missouri. usually the 3rd or 4th weekend in march
        (depending on easter and indy advertising show). this meet is open
        general public. a minimal set-up fee for tail-gating is charged $20 per
        member and $30 for non-members. really great tail-gating & swap meet, all day
        thursday, both inside the building and in the parking lot and inside
        friday before auction and saturday in the parking lot. public invited!! (the tail-gating fee is good for all 3 days). 
        plan to join us for supper & socializing friday night (the meal is
        on your own). sign-up during tailgating or during auction on friday.
we
        welcome all persons interested in becoming members of thckk. 

















































commitment

thckk
        is committed to establishing avenues for communication for its members
        and providing as much information to collectors of keen kutter, diamond edge, winchester, simmons and
        shapleigh hardware items as possible.
we have many
        members with interests in smaller and lesser known hardware companies.
        if you do not see the brand you are looking for, there is probably
        someone else in thckk who shares your interest. if you would like to
        write a description and/or history of your hardware company of interest
        please contact the chronicles
        editor or webmaster. 
thckk now has
        a presence of facebook. 



































contact
        us | site map

























         















































 







 


 










 



