


program trading, fair value, index arbitrage values - indexarb.com



















home page


distant months contracts

indexarb values vs. time

stock performance vs. indexes

capitalization analysis

index component weights

dividend analysis 

fair value decomposition

yield curve

program trading calculator

help

terms of usage/disclaimer

contact us

demo of institutional services

to subscribe
     log-in:      


institutional subscribers


advanced services










index arbitrage program trading premium values
for feb-18-2025






updated: sunday, feb-16-2025
            12:28am et















 
sell programs
no programs
buy programs


index
sell
                        active (sa)
sell
                        threshold (st)
fair value 
                        (premium) (fv)
buy
                        threshold (bt)
buy
                        active (ba)


s&p
                        500 (tm)
15.85      
17.32      
19.28      
22.96      
25.70      


nasdaq
                        100 (sm)
61.09      
66.57      
73.94      
95.57      
111.64      


dow jones
                        ind. avg. (sm)
30.25      
62.88      
106.49      
118.88      
128.14      




























what do these terms and numbers mean?




















probability of program trading vs. premium
(premium   =   mar 2025 futures - spot index)





s&p 500 (tm) 
nasdaq 100 (sm)
dow jones industrial average (sm)






























 






our trading guidelines for feb-18-2025















when the following premium extremes occur:
our trading possibilities will include:


s&p 500 prem greater than 23.12




•
buy spyders (symbol spy).


•
on continuations (after a buy program), buy e-mini or regular s&p 500 futures.


•
buy diamonds (symbol dia).


•
execute a s&p 500 buy program.






s&p 500 prem less than 17.23




•
short spyders (symbol spy).


•
on continuations (after a sell program), sell e-mini or regular s&p 500 futures.


•
short diamonds (symbol dia).


•
execute a s&p 500 sell program.






nasdaq 100 prem greater than 96.53




•
buy nasdaq 100 etfs, the cubes (symbol qqq).


•
on continuations (after a buy program), buy e-mini or regular nasdaq 100 futures.


•
execute a nasdaq 100 buy program.






nasdaq 100 prem less than 66.24




•
short nasdaq 100 etfs, the cubes (symbol qqq).


•
on continuations (after a sell program), sell e-mini or regular nasdaq 100 futures.


•
execute a nasdaq 100 sell program.

























 





what do these terms and numbers mean?
            what are fair value, sell active, sell threshold, buy threshold, and buy active?
            when do sell programs and buy programs occur? 






these terms indicate when index arbitrage program trading
                     activity could occur and, hence, could produce sudden and possibly sharp market movements.
                     foreknowledge of the likelihood of an adverse program trade can help investors
                     determine the wisdom of initiating long or short positions in stocks, index futures, 
                     exchange traded funds (etfs), and options.
                     buy programs occur when the futures market is over-valued relative to the stock market
                     and consists of the index futures being sold and the stocks in the index being bought. 
                     sell programs, the opposite case, occur when the futures market is under-valued relative
                     to the stock market and consists of the index futures being bought and the stocks in the
                     index being sold. over-valued and under-valued conditions arise because trading in the futures
                     and equities markets occurs independently. the key to determining these over or under-valued
                     conditions is the arithmetic difference between the futures and the spot index (which is known
                     as the premium).
                     the five terms of fair value, sell active, sell threshold, buy threshold,
                     and buy active refer to specific values of the arithmetic difference of an index futures contract
                     price minus its spot (or current) price. for example, if the s&p 500 futures contract
                     price is 1409 and the s&p 500 spot index is 1400, the difference is 9;
                     whether this particular difference has bearish or bullish implications depends on whether
                     it falls in the range of sell programs, no programs, or buy programs. this difference
                     between the futures contract price and the spot index is known by the various names
                     of premium, spread, and basis; the nomenclature adopted here will be premium (or prem). this
                     usage concurs with the cnbc ticker. as described previously, other data feeds use the symbol of
                     $prem.x, $prem, or sp-prem for the s&p 500 premium and nd-prem for the nasdaq 100 premium.
                     the five significant values of the futures-spot premium
                     that delineate the program buying and selling ranges are described below:














sell programs 




a sell program is the simultaneous (short)
                              sell of all (or almost all) the stocks in
                              the index (in weighted proportions) and the
                              purchase of the index futures contract.
                              therefore, the stocks comprising the index
                              should decline and, correspondingly, the
                              index futures should rise, producing the
                              effect of a stock market decline and futures
                              market rise. two significant values in the
                              sell program range are the sell active and the sell threshold values, described below:




no programs

buy programs



a buy program is the simultaneous purchase
                              of all (or almost all) the stocks in the
                              index (in weighted proportions) and the sale
                              of the index futures contract. therefore,
                              the stocks comprising the index should rise
                              and, correspondingly, the index futures
                              should decline, producing the effect of a
                              stock market rise and futures market decline.
                              two significant values in the buy program
                              range are the buy threshold and the buy active values, described below:






sell
                        active (sa)
sell
                        threshold (st)
fair value
                        (premium) (fv)
buy
                        threshold (bt)
buy
                        active (ba)


this is the "futures - spot" index
                        premium value at which sell programs should
                        be prevalent, producing a meaningful decline
                        in the stock market. 

                        in the graphs above, the sell active value
                        occurs on the left side where the probability
                        of a sell program approaches 100%.
this is the minimal "futures - spot"
                        index premium value at which sell programs
                        might be initiated. sell programs are possible
                        and could cause a stock market decline.

                        in the graphs above, the sell threshold value
                        occurs on the left side where the probability
                        of a sell program is just greater than zero.
this is the "futures - spot" index
                        premium value at which the futures and the
                        equity markets are in equilibrium. no (profitable)
                        index arbitrage type programs will occur
                        at fair value nor when the "futures
                        - spot" premium level falls within the
                        range extending from the sell threshold to
                        the buy threshold. 

                        this range occurs in the middle portion of
                        the above graphs where the probability of
                        any program activity is equal to zero and,
                        hence, falls on the horizontal axis.

                        an equation for "fair value" is
                        presented in the help pages.
this is the minimal "futures - spot"
                        index premium value at which buy programs
                        might be initiated. buy programs are possible
                        and could cause a stock market rise. 

                        in the graphs above, the buy threshold value
                        occurs on the right side where the probability
                        of a buy program is just greater than zero.
this is the "futures - spot" index
                        premium value at which buy programs should
                        be prevalent, producing a meaningful rise
                        in the stock market. 

                        in the graphs above, the buy active value
                        occurs on the right side where the probability
                        of a buy program approaches 100%.















 further descriptions











 





acknowledgements


standard & poor's, s&p, standard
            & poor's 500, s&p 500, and 500 are
            trademarks of the mcgraw-hill companies.


the nasdaq-100 index is a registered service/trademark
            of the nasdaq stock market, inc.


dow jonessm and dow jones industrial averagesm are famous, well-known, and internationally
            recognized trademarks of dow jones &
            company, inc. and have been licensed for
            use by ergo inc.


the mcgraw-hill companies, the nasdaq stock
            market, inc., and dow jones & company,
            inc. have no affiliation with this web site;
            citing their respective service/trademarks
            on this web site does not construe any endorsement
            by them.














no portion of this page or web site may be copied, retransmitted, or
                   redistributed in any manner for any commercial use. you may use the site and its information to help in
                   formulating your personal investment decisions; doing so signifies that you accept our
terms of usage and disclaimer.
                   all pages, content, images, and design copyright 2000-2024 ergo inc. all rights reserved worldwide.













