








kids together inc information and resources on disability, inclusion, rights.




































































 























kids together inc.


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
home
facebook
twitter
 





search for:



 







kids together

kids together ®
information and resources
for inclusion of children and adults with disabilities
in classrooms and communities

our mission: “to promote inclusive communities where all people belong” 
people with disabilities constitute the largest minority group in the united states, making up an estimated
20 percent of the total population and spanning all races and ethnicities, socioeconomic groups, and genders. kids together®  promotes accessibility, opportunities, and inclusion for all ages, abilities, and environments.

welcome to our award-winning website!
designed for you! parents, self-advocates,  professionals, and advocates.  your suggestions, comments, corrections, and feedback are needed to make this all-volunteer website a more valuable resource for everyone! instead of individuals trying to recreate the wheel, we can help each other build inclusive environments by sharing experiences, strategies, resources, and problem-solving.  we can work together to change policies and increase awareness. let’s join together to make a difference!

inclusion is a term commonly used in education discussions regarding placements for students with disabilities, but it has no legal definition. in fact, it connotes a much larger global meaning of having an active social membership and a sense of belonging across all environments.
 































































any resemblance to real life is purely intentional!
cartoons and many more designs available for purchase on a variety of products at http://www.theparentside.com  
cartoons may be reproduced in entirety for non-profit educational use only!
may not be used on other websites, but can be linked. contact staff@kidstogether for other uses and fees.
watch some of our favorite videos!
a credo for support

i’m tyler

every child has the right to this kind of education
jonathan mooney




we recommend partners in policymaking for individuals and family members
it is a free program designed to teach people with disabilities and family members the power of advocacy to positively change the way people with disabilities are supported, viewed, taught, live, and work. since its inception, partners have worked to expand community opportunities and to hasten many fundamental changes in the nature of supports and services for people with disabilities in areas such as education, employment, civil rights, and community living. please check with your state’s protection and advocacy organization or other disability rights agencies to locate this great training in your state, or take the free online course from the minnesota governor’s council on developmental disabilities
partners in policymaking online
free online trainings- 5 online courses: self-determination, family support, community living, assistive technology; history of the treatment of people with disabilities; right to a free appropriate public education; legislative process; supporting meaningful jobs and planning careers.









information & resources for people with disabilities

home
about
be an includer

be an includer
myths about people with disabilities
advocate, write, call, visit
inclusion training and presentations


inclusive education

inclusive education
rights to regular ed

rights to regular ed
idea
oberti
mills
daniel r.
parc
rowley
sacramento
gaskin
ada americans with disabilities act


ieps

ieps
adapting curriculum
10 iep mistakes
iep adaptations
iep planning


components of inclusive ed
benefits of inclusive ed
inclusion, not for everyone?
our school doesn’t offer inclusion
ten reasons for inclusion
inclusion resources
inclusive education videos


vision building

vision building
why create a vision?
vision thoughts
empowering mission statements


disability etiquette
ableism
building community

building community
system versus community


ada americans with disabilities act
assistive technology

assistive technology
categories of at


employment

customized employment – overview

customized employment – overview
customized employment – discovery
customized employment – plan
customized employment – representation


supported employment


supported decision making
able accounts
end institutions!

end institutions!
institutional bias
horrors -willowbrook
horrors -pennhurst
horrors -polk & white haven
horrors of institutions


perspectives

perspectives
when a professional says
pain in the assessment
life skills
parent perspective
thoughts on therapy
beyond programs: a parable
parents & professionals
life-long visions and professionals


humor

10 signs… bad iep
top ten… least heard phrases
heaven?
iep humor
night before christmas


news
action alerts
contact
glossary
 






the parent side

 


							email address						








							subscribe						





searchsearch 






website hosted as a courtesy of enter.netkids together® is a federally trademarked name, all other use is strictly prohibited. 


copyright © 1995-2021 kids together®a grassroots 501(c)3 non-profit an all-volunteer organization, advocating for the rights & interests of people with disabilities. 
donations are tax-deductible


copying content (in whole/part) onto other websites or any for-profit use is strictly prohibited. links to content and hard copies for educational uses are permitted. 


information is for general guidance only, consult a professional for binding legal advice.
mentions of services & products are for information purposes only & should not be considered endorsements. 

 



					proudly powered by wordpress				




















