
















lscd








      skip to main content
    










legal services corporation of delaware, inc.
a non-profit law firm and community education organization assisting low-income families in delaware.









follow us














quick exit






search by keywords


search



search







menu










who we are


what we do


legal information


faqs


contact us


























welcome to legal services corporation of delaware, inc.
offering legal advice and assistance to low-income delawareans.

find help today





search by keywords


search












our mission
lscd's mission is to use the practice of law to help low-income families in delaware. 
we emphasize protection of those rights that are crucial to the viability of a stable family. lscd addresses legal issues that threaten the economic independence of low-income delawareans, so that families can live with dignity. we strive to meet this goal by working to protecting families' rights in the areas of safe and affordable housing, financial stability, and consumer protection.
see more







self-help forms and sample letters
documents for you to fill out in regards to landlord-tenant, consumer, and other legal problems that our office handles.


access the list here


















topics
select a topic here, or click below to see all of our topics

view all topics






consumer





housing





work and unemployment






view all topics










news
news & publications
more news




6 mar 2024



lscd at the new castle county hope center
on march 5, lscd's staff attorneys, dorronda bordley and elizabeth rowe, hosted…
continue reading




19 jan 2024


right to representation in delaware
delaware passes bill to give tenants facing eviction right to counsel …
continue reading













can't find the help you need?
click the link below to find other legal services available in delaware.
de legal help link


















legal services corporation of delaware, inc.
a non-profit law firm and community education organization assisting low-income families in delaware.







contact








follow us














powered by
© 2025 legal services corporation of delaware, inc.. all rights reserved




















