






afflatus.ucd.ie | creative language systems group














skip to main content








afflatus.ucd.ie


            creative language systems group          
 

main menuhome
  
 




user login


username *



password *


create new account
request new password


 


bot feed

follow @botonbotaction

tweets by botonbotaction 
 


 









automated web comix generation: story 1



submitted by tony on sun, 06/06/2021 - 10:01 

scéalextric stories can now be converted automatically into comic strips that visualize the characters and the actions of a machine-generated story. in this example, a scéalextric story about james bond and goldfinger is rendered as a web comic with facial emotions, action poses, and relevant backgrounds, with scene-setting close-ups and meme-like mood setters.
the name's goldfinger, auric goldfinger: http://haddock.ucd.ie/excelsior/goldfinger
tags: james bondgoldfingercomicscomixexcelsior 

read more about automated web comix generation: story 1
log in or register to post comments
 



your wit is my command: day 7



submitted by tony on fri, 09/27/2019 - 17:23 


back in the day, the biggest chat bots in ai were eliza and parry. in 1973, the bots sat down for their first conversation together, removing the human from the loop. inspired by frost/nixon, kim and bap, our robot actors, make a stage production of what happened next.tags: naoparryeliza 

read more about your wit is my command: day 7
log in or register to post comments
 



your wit is my command: day 6



submitted by tony on fri, 09/27/2019 - 13:59 


before kim met bap, he had to make do with alexa as a companion. now, let's be clear, kim isn't prejudiced against bots without bodies, but this relationship was rocky from the start. as kim once said of alexa, "that girl be trippin'"
watch an explanatory  version of the act with comments.
tags: alexanaostorytellinginteraction 

read more about your wit is my command: day 6
log in or register to post comments
 



your wit is my command: day 5



submitted by tony on thu, 09/26/2019 - 23:13 


before kim had his robot companion bap to play with, kim was forced to tell stories with a human partner. here kim asks the user some personal questions, and constructs a personalised story around the answers. 
watch it here on youtube
tags: naorobotsstorytellinginterviewhcispeechpersonal history 

read more about your wit is my command: day 5
log in or register to post comments
 



your wit is my command: day 4



submitted by tony on thu, 09/26/2019 - 00:14 


for day 4 of future tech week our robot actors kim and bap enact another story they generated for themselves. these robots just can't keep their noses out of politics, although their imaginations exceed their grasp on reality.
if only the 2016 presidential election turned out this way!
tags: naopoliticstrumpclintonstories 

read more about your wit is my command: day 4
log in or register to post comments
 



your wit is my command: day 3



submitted by tony on wed, 09/25/2019 - 08:23 


the robots kim and bap discuss the difference between physical robots and software "bots," in the context of a recent book on twitter bots.
watch veale and kim (or is it bap?) discuss twitterbots heretags: naorobotsbotstwitterbotsmit press 

read more about your wit is my command: day 3
log in or register to post comments
 



your wit is my command: day 2



submitted by tony on tue, 09/24/2019 - 01:33 


for day 2 of future tech week our robot actors kim and bap enact a story they generated for themselves, about two of their favourite characters in their database (the noc list).
this is political drama and romance as you've never saw them before!tags: naorobotsstory-tellingstory generation 

read more about your wit is my command: day 2
log in or register to post comments
 



your wit is my command: day 1



submitted by tony on sun, 09/22/2019 - 20:57 


to kick off future week, we've asked the robots kim and bap to introduce our lab's research in story telling. 
watch the video on youtube now ...
... and watch this space for a new video every day of future tech week.
tags: robotskimbapintroductionfetfuture weekprosecco 

read more about your wit is my command: day 1
log in or register to post comments
 



your wit is my command



submitted by tony on mon, 09/16/2019 - 11:33 

to celebrate  the ec fet programme and future week (http://futuretechweek.fetfx.eu), we are launching a week of embodied story-telling with kim and bap, our robot actors.
each day of future week we'll post a new video of kim and bap, either introducing our current research in story-telling and story-generation (which stems from the fet projects prosecco and whim) or enacting a new computer-generated story for your delectation.
watch this space!
future week is september 23 - 29th.
tags: robotsduets. double actstory-tellingembodiment 

read more about your wit is my command
log in or register to post comments
 



this is the creative language system group



submitted by tony on wed, 06/05/2019 - 15:55 

our computational creativity (cc) group is dedicated to the computational exploration of language and its creative potential, from  metaphor, simile, analogy and blending to complex social phenomena such as irony and humour.
we build a variety of cc systems, from metaphor-generating twitterbots to story-generators and robot-robot story-telling systems.
tags: computational creativity 

read more about this is the creative language system group
log in or register to post comments
 

pages1
2
next ›
last »
 



 



resources

publicationspresentations
web services and apps
metaphor magnet servicethesaurus rex servicemetaphor eyes servicescéalextric simulatoraristotle metaphorqastle kbthe jigsaw bardmr. sardonicusthe lex-ecologistdim sum
outreach
robotcomixbook launchprosecco githubthe noc listscéalextric resourcestracery botsyoutube channelinstagramgoogle scholarembodiment and cognition
sample chapters
exploding the creativity myth (2012)metaphor: a computational approach (2016)twitterbots: making machines that make meaning (2018)
twitterbots
@metaphormagnet@botonbotaction@bestofbotworlds@readmelikeabot@trumpscuttlebot@oldskoolfunbot@moviedreambot@intercablebot@the_plot_bot



metaphor feed

follow @metaphormagnet

tweets by metaphormagnet 
 


 
 





powered by drupal 


 
 
 


