



	home



































search








why bpaa join bpaa





login











menu

bpaaabout the bpaaour mission & visionwelcomeour historyawardsstate associationscareersnewsboard meeting minutesfinancialsmeetings and eventsupcoming meetingsbowling summitbowl expomubigbenefit informationsmart buyprogram overviewgeneral partnersfoodservice programrebate partnerssysco informationpepsi program informationbundle meal enhancerbowler and staff developmentyouth programseducation & trainingmeetingsbowling 2.0usa bowling - learn the sportbowling 2.0 - spanishusa bowling - learn the sport spanishleague development guidemarketing & technologywebsites and hostingdatabase marketinggraphics social mediavideosmembershipbecome a memberjoin bpaawelcomemembership resources2025 member benefits guideproprietor resource centeryouth resource centerbpaa source bookleague development guidestate association resourcesspeaker requeststate associations listingstate association education planning guidestate bpa president's guidecontact usgeneral inquiriestechnical supportstate associationscurrent board of directorsbpaa staff by departmentbpaa committeesmy bpaabcm



search


















smart buy
education & training
webservices
youth programs
meetings & events  








cost savings

pepsi
 

foodservice


all others




education
& training

management school
 

online training
 



web design
marketing tools

websites
    



youth programs

youth programs
 

resource center




 
meetings
& events

bowl expo
 

bowling summit


more


 


8.3.2














bpaa crisis assistance foundation

the bpaa crisis assistance foundation, inc., is a 501(c) (3) established and operated to provide disaster assistance to bowling proprietors who have been affected by natural disasters or other emergency hardship situations and who demonstrate a financial need.  the corporation aims to combat community deterioration by helping small businesses recover and contribute to the local economy, and to lessen the burden on governmental resources to provide aid in times of crisis.  further, the corporation will engage in any and all activities incidental, useful or necessary to accomplish its purpose.






bowling proprietors, your support is invaluable. your contributions fuel the bpaa crisis assistance foundation, enabling us to provide essential grants to centers in dire need. together we can ensure that no bowling center is left behind in times of hardship.
by contributing to the bpaa crisis assistance foundation, you're not just donating funds, you are helping to sustain the very essence of bowling culturebowling centers facing challenges? we're here for you.the bpaa crisis assistance foundation offers a lifeline during difficult  times. our grant program is designed to provide assistance when you need it most. 
donate todayapply for grant


























bpaa to honor frank desocio with victor lerner memorial medal
view press release














 
view pepsi benefits 









 leading the way to substantial savings - for all size centers
















































































































 
get what you pay for.
guaranteed.
 
we understand that every dollar counts, so membership fees are determined by the number of lanes at your center. what’s more, if you don’t see a return on your investment, your membership is on us. sign up to take advantage of these exclusive member beneﬁts:












 education & training


online employee training and management certification




 marketing tools


customizable marketing communication




 events


access to tournaments, industry conferences and networking events






 cost savings


discounts on food, soft drinks, office supplies and electronics




 merchandise


specialty items and in-center bowling art







sign up today! 



call (817) 385-8405 or browse this site to learn more about bpaa member benefits. it pays to belong.














top member benefits



 education & training


train more be more with bowling university.




 webservices


easy bowling websites, email, & hosting.





 foodservice


discounts & rebates on thousands of related products.






marketing & promotions






 












keep in touch




keep up-to-date with bpaa. by joining our email list you will get updates on member benefits, events, meetings, press releases and more.
join our email list!
logout







about the bpaa



the bowling proprietors' association of america, inc. is a non-profit organization — the only one in the world that serves the specific, yet diverse, interests of bowling center owners.
learn more








follow us




bpaa facebook
 bowl expo facebook
 smart buy facebook
 bowl expo twitter
 tournaments twitter
 more







contact us




address: 621 six flags dr. arlington, tx 76011
phone: (800) 343-1329
email: online form










copyright 2025 by my website
terms of use
privacy statement






back to top













