  






good gifts homepage


















     javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.    toggle nav good gifts  search   account  logout  login your basket0   menu    all gifts  browse  browse all gifts browse new gifts  browse by price  little good gifts  browse by interest  health environment nurture children education  grow food animal welfare water + sanitation peace building gift of sight livelihoods knitting + crafts disability   featured gifts  clean the ocean of plastic 50 bowls of rice toys for children in refugee camp eye test and glasses for a child in africa footballs for african schools feed an abandoned dog or cat good gifts tags  events and occasions  valentine's day mothers day fathers day advent calendars new baby retirement  bar / bat mitzvah good luck in memoriam  christmas cards      gift vouchers    gift lists    how it works    contact us   search     account  logout  login your basket ( 0 ) account         
changing lives, one gift at a time

 browse gifts  
 buy gift vouchers  

 
 

1. find a gift
james thoughtfully chooses a gift for linda’s birthday, based on their travels together through india last year



2. make someone happy
linda is tickled pink that a villager has been helped in her name (and continues to be pleased every time she remembers)



3. gift received
laxshimi receives the gift of a chicken (and the ability to sell eggs, feed her children and provide health care for her family)



 
   please choose a gift list for the selected product: add 
 



our commitment
the good gifts catalogue was born nearly 20 years ago, a refreshing alternative to conventional unwanted presents.
we were guided by two commitments: first, that every good gift was always wanted. and second when you buy a good gift, your money buys the actual gift.
over 20 years, our commitments have never wavered. in fact, we’re delighted, that more and more people choose good gifts in order to target their charitable giving with more accuracy.
we partner with scores of charities (all carefully vetted by us, and guaranteeing the money is spent on the gift).




our guarantee
here at good gifts we do precisely what it says on the tin: your money buys the gift described. and because we know the importance of knowing where your money goes, we guarantee it. and the delivering charities we work with guarantee it too.

to provide practical help, that goes directly to those in need, to help them take the first step out of poverty.
to give people the opportunity to give very direct help, and know exactly what their gift can achieve.
to provide a wide range of gifts, both at home and abroad, to suit all tastes and pockets.



'good gifts: the site that guarantees your cash goes to exactly what you’ve bought.'


 

how your gifts have helped

  
case studies





goats for peace
we reckon we have virtually restocked rwanda with goats after the civil war. nearly half a million goats have been given to war widows and orphans – including offspring passed on to others.


food for monkeys
rescued baby monkeys, mother killed by poachers, have successfully been released back into the wild.


hearing aids & tests
3 year old shine, in zambia, has new hearing aids. (see video click here)


portable pharmacies
portable pharmacies crammed with medicines have saved lives in somali refugee camps 


gift of sight
in kenya, good gifts' poor people's fund enables 64% of those needing cataract operations to have free treatment (+ eye tests for 74p)


tree packs for schools
schools and community groups all over the uk have planted thousands of trees to improve their local area.


knitting for peace
women’s prisons and refuges have been given yarn & needles so the women can knit for themselves and others.


village and school libraries in india
over 100 libraries in india help boost literacy and improve pupil attainment.

 

  contact us: email: help@goodgifts.orgphone: +44 20 7794 8000 join our mailing list  looking for a catalogue? follow us on social media  facebook  |    twittercharities advisory trust good gifts is a trading name of the charities advisory trust, a registered charity in england and wales number 1040487. all content copyright of goodgifts.org 2019. all rights reserved
 how it works
 contact us
 gift lists
 privacy and conditions
  