





radwaste.org





















 
search the radwaste.org database



sponsored links:

   environmental services


   waste collection


   renewable energy



index:
 home
 hot topics
 recent additions
 site map
 general
 national profiles
 radwaste processing
 radwaste storage
 radwaste disposal
 radwaste handling procedures
 radwaste characterization
 radwaste transportation
 decommissioning issues
 mixed waste issues
 health physics issues
 government agencies
 laws & regulations
 nuclear standards
 technical reports
 nuclear research centres
 nuclear products & services
 technical consultants
 nuclear power utilities
 nuclear fusion
 international organizations
 professional societies
 industry & trade associations
 environmental organizations
 personal pages
 events & conferences
 continuing education
 teacher's corner
 technical journals & publishers
 search
 daily news
 software
 add your url / suggest a site
 link to us
 friends of radwaste.org
 sponsorship / advertising info
 contact us
 privacy policy














links2go
nuclear







this site is listed in the
bbc education web guide.














begin your journey on the internet with the rail. this is junction 1360
on "the science expedition".





























wastelink  your guide to radioactive waste resources on the internet








 celebrating 15 years of service to the internet nuclear community!

on-line since 1996







 


welcome to the new and expanded home of wastelink, your guide to radioactive waste, nuclear and radiation related material on the internet, at radwaste.org.
while the primary purpose of this site is to provide a reference
source for radioactive waste management professionals, we recognize
that radwaste is a hotly debated and emotional issue in today's
society.  few other topics can polarize a community faster than the
discussion of what to do with radioactive waste (or whether we should
be generating any at all).  therefore, we strive to present all sides
of the story in a non-partisan fashion.  intelligent people, like
yourself, have a right to evaluate the available information and form
their own opinions.  our attempt at non-biased coverage has earned us
the respect of people and institutions on all sides of the issue, pro, anti,
academic, governments, and professional societies to name a few.  just
look at the friends of radwaste.org page to see
some of the many links to our site.
thank you for stopping by, and let us know what
you think of our site.

 

the award winning wastelink directory includes more than 10,000 links to radwaste, nuclear, radiation and environmental related companies, research centres, regulatory agencies, government organizations, non-governmental organizations, etc..
(most of the sites are in english, or provide english summary content.  you can translate to/from several other languages (including spanish, english, french and german) using the free
altavista translation service or similar services such as google language tools.  as a service to our users, we have flagged the languages used on each site added to our index since april 2003.  older sites are flagged as they are periodically checked by our staff.  look for markings such as  en , with an index to language codes here.)
in addition, many of these sites have links to further sites that may not be listed in this index.






you can navigate these pages by category, following the  index "tabs" at the side of the page.  each will connect to the page of links for that category.  you can move
from any page to any page directly.  click on the "home" tab to return to this page.  check out the new "national profiles" tab
to find links to summary reports of nuclear activities in various countries produced by a number of organizations.

the wastelink directory is updated on a regular basis.  links which have been added (or changed) in the last month or so are flagged with  or .
sites which provide an e-mail only link are marked with .  users like yourself contribute greatly to the success of this directory!  if you find links that no longer work, or can suggest a new entry for the directory, please let us know. (we all recognize that the "web" is constantly changing, with a dynamic life of its own.)




wastelink and the radwaste.org site are maintained by herne data systems ltd.. editorial material on radwaste.org is © copyright 1996 - 2011 herne data systems ltd.  while we periodically check every link, neither radwaste.org nor herne data systems ltd. assume any responsibility for the content of any of the material contained in the links from this site.  comments, suggestions, additions and corrections can be sent to us at:
(info@radwaste.org).  at radwaste.org, we respect your privacy.  you can review our privacy policy here.

this site is best viewed with a browser that supports cascading style sheets. remember to maximize your browser window to get the "big picture".

























(this page last updated 2011-03-15).







