











hatteras island, nc photo tours and travel information















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


restaurants


shopping


activities


real estate



coupons


events













hatteras vacation rental homes





outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide
















vacation rentals
visitors are often surprised at the number and variety of weekly vacation rentals throughout the area.. vacation rentals are, in fact, an increasingly popular accommodation available to vacationers, and visitors will find that the sheer number of rentals available allows them to find an ideal retreat to fit their crew, from quiet condo complexes to brightly colored oceanfront sand castles.

 




hotels
for postcard-perfect long weekends, or full week stays that have exceptional access to indoor and outdoor pools, restaurants, and amenities, there's nothing quite like the convenience of a stay at a local hotel or motel. a number of area hotels have been welcoming guests for decades, and as a result, vacationers have come back year after year for the fantastic service and the million-dollar views.










kite point


ask any crowd of visiting kiteboarders about kite point, and they'll readily give you exact directions to this unmarked but internationally renowned soundside beach. located in between avon and buxton villages abutting the pamlico sound, kite point literally went from deserted strip of sandy soundfront to world-class kiteboarding mecca within the span of a decade.

buxton

map it









cape hatteras lighthouse


the cape hatteras lighthouse, with its black and white candy-cane stripes, is one of the most famous and recognizable lighthouses in the world. protecting one of the most treacherous stretches of the outer banks, with a beam of light that spans 20 miles into the ocean, the lighthouse is also the world's tallest brick lighthouse at a staggering 208' ft. tall.

buxton
252-995-4474
map it











windsurfing the outer banks


while several of the outer banks' most popular sports seemingly flew onto the scene in the past decade or two, like kiteboarding or stand up paddle boarding (sup), windsurfing has been drawing water sports lovers to the north carolina coast for nearly fifty years. in essence, windsurfing can pride itself as being the outer bank's oldest, and one of its most beloved sound-based sports, and everyone from seasoned riders to windsurfing newcomers can catch an exceptional ride.








hatteras beach information


the hatteras island shoreline, from oregon inlet to hatteras inlet, is under the management of the cape hatteras national seashore. as a result, certain national park service (nps) rules and regulations apply for all hatteras island beach goers. review the following outline of beach information to ensure that your family has a safe and fun-filled day at the beach.










featured local businesses


we love to highlight some of the best and most interesting outer banks restaurants, shops, attractions and activities. read on to discover some of our favorites!








things to do in hatteras


check out our list of things to do in hatteras, nc.










rainy day activities


the occasional summer squall can be the perfect excuse to explore the innumerable attractions, shops and restaurants that hatteras island has to offer. these hatteras island rainy day activities will keep everyone in your vacationing party entertained until the sun starts shining again.








hatteras history


hatteras island has been occupied for more than 1,500 years, and as a result, the small barrier island is filled with historic sites, headline-grabbing events, and impressive archeological finds.










outer banks milepost system


many newcomers to the outer banks who are browsing the local restaurants, shops and area attractions online or in the local guide books notice an interesting addition to the standard address. besides the typical business name, street name, street number and town, many local businesses also include a milepost number. this may initially appear to be an odd notation to include, but on the outer banks, this is incredibly helpful to new visitors on the lookout for a specific restaurant or shop.








the 9 best fishing & beach carts for 2025


for families travelling to the beach, or fishermen carrying tackle/coolers, a beach cart can be the best purchase of your vacation. these carts feature extra-wide wheels to move across soft sand, even when loaded. carts are often built for specific scenarios, so think about the gear you’d be putting on your cart before making a decision.










best surf fishing gear for 2025


once you have your coastal recreational fishing license in hand, it’s time to start thinking about gear. anglers will find tons of options when it comes to equipment for casting into the surf, from custom designed rods and reels at local tackle shops, to name brand varieties that are designed for multiple areas along the coastline. here are just a few of the most popular gear options for surf fishermen. keep in mind that there are endless options available, and your local bait and tackle store staff will be happy to point you in the right direction if you have any questions about what you’ll need for successful surf fishing in any given area along the north carolina coastline.








shelling


if you know where to look, the outer banks can be a beachcomber's paradise. with miles of shoreline to explore, hidden beaches that are relatively untouched, and literally piles of shells washing up on the beaches after a storm, shelling on the obx beaches is simply a matter of timing and area expertise.













buxton woods


perhaps the reason that this area of maritime forest goes unnoticed, (an area which in fact comprises the majority of frisco village), is simply because the oceanfront beaches just yards away are too alluring to ignore, and garner the lion's share of vacationers' interest. this is understandable, as when most folks think of an outer banks vacation, they envision miles of unspoiled beaches, refreshing ocean waves, and plenty of room to spread out a beach blanket, and frisco's beaches have all of these attributes in spades.

buxton
252-838-0880
map it









salvo day use area


located just south of salvo proper, the salvo day use area provides a peaceful haven for families, beachgoers, and watersports lovers. this park offers the perfect backdrop for taking in the outer banks' rich history and natural beauty. everyone may enjoy a day of watersports adventure or leisure at the salvo day use area.

salvo

map it









graveyard of the atlantic museum


more than 2,000 shipwrecks sunk off the coast of north carolina in what’s called the graveyard of the atlantic. with all that history floating around, it was only natural to build a museum to honor and preserve the maritime culture of the outer banks. a state-of-the-art structure, the year round museum houses and displays artifacts, and presents a variety of exhibits and interprets the rich maritime culture that includes war, piracy, ghost ships and more. artifacts include thoseex from the uss monitor, which sank 16 miles off the hatteras coast. the lobby features the stunning and original, 1854, first order lens from the cape hatteras lighthouse. current hibits include those on piracy and the civil war on hatteras island.

hatteras
252-986-0720
map it









chicamacomico life-saving station


the chicamacomico lifesaving station is one of rodanthe's greatest treasures. this historical lifesaving station has been a popular attraction for hatteras island visitors for decades, and stands on the very edge of the small town of rodanthe. over the years, this station has been battered by hurricanes, ocean and soundside flooding, and ferocious gusts of winds, and yet it is still standing, and serves as a proud reminder of hatteras island and the outer banks' rich lifesaving history.

rodanthe
252-987-1552
map it









pea island national wildlife refuge


explore hatteras island at its natural best with a visit to the pea island national wildlife refuge. covering 13 miles of cape hatteras national seashore land, this attraction is hard to miss, although there aren't many giant signs, hotels or businesses to point the way. instead, visitors will find a completely undeveloped parcel of land, that's well-stocked with gorgeous views and serene nature trails that are ideal for off-the-beaten path excursions.

rodanthe
252-473-1131
map it









fishing in hatteras, nc


hatteras island's first tourists were fishermen, and fishing along the 50 miles of shoreline has become an institution on the island that is still enjoyed today, in every season.








haulover day use area (canadian hole)


canadian hole may be an unfamiliar term to the typical, laid-back hatteras islander vacationer, but to windsurfers around the world, the phrase invokes thoughts of an exact, postcard-perfect locale on the outer banks, where windsurfing and water sports conditions are truly at their global best, and any given day is a fantastic day to enjoy the ride.

buxton

map it












select a city 



vacation planning guide


outer banks vacation rentals


outer banks jobs


outer banks hotels


carova


corolla


duck


southern shores


kitty hawk


kill devil hills


nags head


manteo


hatteras









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













