




the disabled list – sports injury blog































		skip to content	


the disabled list

			sports injury blog		




menu					 
close					 









causes of finger numbness while pitching – josh beckett

josh beckett has had a successful career as a major league pitcher, but it might be coming to an end. in his career, josh won the following:

three time all star
two world series championships
one alcs mvp
one world series mvp

he is a great talent, but news broke that he is experiencing finger numbness that has him very concerned:
any time something like that happens to your arm or you start losing feeling and stuff … you think about it for sure. i don’t really want to think like that right now. i want to think about figuring out a way to deal with this.
causes of finger numbness
there are a number of causes that pitchers find:
this is a preview of causes of finger numbness while pitching – josh beckett. read the full post (315 words, 1 image) 

published may 31, 2013categorized as baseball injuries  



photo – causes of finger numbness while pitching – josh beckett


photo source:  http://www.flickr.com/photos/keithallison/8663858665/sizes/m/in/photolist-ecaxkx-aql3ur-aqlxev-arfppq-9jxrdy-9c84ua-a6aeco-a6xmmp/
photo credit:  keith allison
photo license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/ ( attribution-sharealike 2.0 generic – cc by-sa 2.0)


published may 31, 2013categorized as photos baseball injuries  



hand infections in baseball – hanley ramirez

most of the time i cringe when i hear about sports injuries, but not the case with hanley ramirez. he was held out of the lineup on july 21, 2012 due to … wait for it … an infection in his hand. what made this funny?
he forgot to take his antibiotic.
seriously. a major league player. his manager, ozzie guillen, agrees:
it’s pretty infected. i was kind of worried about it. hopefully the infection comes out pretty soon. i don’t think he was taking his pills then all of a sudden it (swelled) up. i don’t think it’s a big deal but we have got to prevent (it from becoming) a big deal. (it) was pretty ugly and pretty sensitive. hopefully the doctor will find exactly what he needs and make sure baby hanley takes (it). i will every night ‘open your mouth’ and put it in his mouth. how do you forget to take a pill that the doctors (tells) to take?
this is a preview of hand infections in baseball – hanley ramirez. read the full post (328 words, 1 image) 

published july 27, 2012categorized as baseball injuries  



hand infections in baseball – hanley ramirez photo

hand infections in baseball – hanley ramirez photo

photo source:  http://www.flickr.com/photos/dirkhansen/3744770795/sizes/l/
photo credit:  sd dirk
photo license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/


published july 27, 2012categorized as photos baseball injuries  



what is a structural damage injury

jose bautista is back in the lineup for the toronto blue jays because there was no structural damage in his wrist. he said:
it’s all about pain tolerance since there’s no structural damage. as long as you can tolerate the pain, i’m not going to make it any worse unless i do too much, too soon. i’ll let pain dictate what i can do, and hopefully two weeks is enough. i’m thinking it will be.
this got me thinking … i am unsure what structural damage is in an injury.
what is structural damage in a sports injury
the first thing i learned is that structural damage refers to the joints of the body. most likely:

knees
elbows
ankles
this is a preview of what is a structural damage injury. read the full post (286 words, 1 image) 

published july 26, 2012categorized as other sports injuries  



what is a structural damage injury photo

what is a structural damage injury photo

photo source:  http://www.flickr.com/photos/umhealthsystem/5159050388/sizes/l/
photo credit:  umhealthsystem
photo license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/2.0/


published july 26, 2012categorized as other sports injuries photos  



technology used to detect concussions

the nfl has a concussion and head injury issue. many former players are suing them for not dealing with the risks and treatments when they were players.
what is the issue
it comes down to three things:
prevention – did the nfl do as much as they could to prevent concussions?
treatment – did the nfl standardize a treatment protocol?
communication – did the nfl know what was happening and communicate to the players?
how can technology prevent concussions
the us army has been using an electronic sensor mounted in helmets for 5 years or so. called the headborne energy analysis and diagnostic systems it determines the force of an impact and wirelessly transmits a warning. newer models allow for data to be gathered over time and downloaded so medical professionals can determine issues.
this is a preview of technology used to detect concussions. read the full post (281 words, 1 image) 

published july 25, 2012categorized as football injuries  



technology used to detect concussions photo

technology used to detect concussions photo

photo source: http://www.flickr.com/photos/peosoldier/6244240275/sizes/l/
photo credit: peosoldier
photo license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/


published july 25, 2012categorized as photos football injuries  



how to avoid chronic thumb injuries – dustin pedroia

dustin pedroia is back in the red sox lineup after suffering his second thumb injury of the season. this got me thinking about what you can do to avoid chronic thumb injuries.
what are chronic thumb injuries
chronic injuries of any kind are ones that happen over and over or are conditions that never seem to resolve. this is an important part of understanding how quickly you can come back from an injury.
in terms of the thumb, a chronic injury can manifest itself in three primary ways:

inflammation
loss of strength
pain

regardless of the injury, broken, strained, torn, if you continue to have the above symptoms you might suffer from a chronic thumb injury. only a doctor can help you determine if you have a chronic injury, but it is good to know the following before you go to see them:
this is a preview of how to avoid chronic thumb injuries – dustin pedroia. read the full post (311 words, 2 images) 

published july 24, 2012categorized as baseball injuries  



how to avoid chronic thumb injuries – dustin pedroia photo

how to avoid chronic thumb injuries – dustin pedroia photo

photo source: http://www.flickr.com/photos/broken/163128840/sizes/l/
photo credit: broken haiku
photo license:  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.0/


published july 24, 2012categorized as photos baseball injuries  


posts pagination
page 1
…
page 58
older posts 
 



categories

about us (1)

baseball injuries (77)

basketball injuries (32)

boxing injuries (2)

football injuries (78)

hockey injuries (7)

medical images (32)

mlb injury report – 2007 (4)

nfl injury report list (1)

nfl injury reports – in season (20)

nhl injury list 2005-2006 season (13)

nhl injury list 2006-2007 season (1)

nhl injury report – in season (1)

other sports injuries (47)

other sports injuries photos (45)

photos baseball injuries (78)

photos basketball injuries (34)

photos boxing injuries (3)

photos football injuries (57)

photos hockey injuries (3)

photos soccer injuries (10)

photos tennis injuries (3)

soccer injuries (9)

sports injury archives (3)

sports injury interviews (1)

sports interviews (4)

sports interviews photos (4)

tennis injuries (3)


pages

site map

 rss - posts
 for the info blog network
sports injury blog
reviews of everything blog
small business it blog
information blog
(c) 2017 - launchplex, llc
 



																						the disabled list																		

				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 







