

prescott united methodist church, a stephen ministry, arizona's first protestant church established in 1870, mission to make disciples of jesus christ for the transformation of the world, with open hearts, open minds, open doors.





    




 home  
			 about  
			 worship  
			 fellowship  
			 first time guests  
			 preview  
			 giving  
			 history  
			 contact 

prescott unitedmethodistchurch



all of the faith, hope & love. none of the judgment





this week's sermon features rev. dan hurlbert with:
"who is my neighbor"

‍
the pumc monthly "preview" news-magazine for january 2025 is available online:
viewdownload

pumc facebook page  ●  pumc youtube channel









welcome to pumc

we are an active and diverse body united through christ, where we joyously contribute our god-given talents, study scripture and grow in understanding, deepen our personal relationships with christ and one another, and live our mission to make disciples of jesus christ for the transformation of the world.

"who is my neighbor?"
when jesus was asked "who is my neighbor?" he answered not only by telling us who our neighbors are, but also told us how we are to be good neighbors.
come hear ways the bible tells us to be a good neighbor at church the weekends between january 11 and march 2, 2025.
        enjoy our saturday country casual gospel service at 5pm; sunday traditional worship at 9am and 10:30am; and children's ministry at 10:30am and youth ministry at 1:30pm
first time guestsmeet our staff




join us in worship

casual worship service | saturday | 5pm
sunday traditional worship services | sunday | 9am and 10:30am
sunday school for all ages | sunday | 10:30am
‍
online worship saturday 5pm, sunday | 9am and 10:30am
on facebook.com/prescottumc or on youtube video
prayer time | monday and wednesday | 2pm
on facebook.com/prescottumc
 
where?

prescott united methodist church, 505 w gurley street, prescott, arizona 86301
church office hours:   monday thru thursday | 9am-4pm | closed fridays










donate


churchhistory


all churchconference report 2024


volunteer


about us


monthly "preview"






subscribe to updates


   

thank you! your submission has been received!


oops! something went wrong while submitting the form.










contact pumc
 
505 west gurley street, prescott, az 86301
get directions




928-778-1950



office@prescottumc.com
email us



like us on facebook


worship services
country casual worship services | saturday | 5pm 
traditional worship services |â sunday | 9am and 10:30 am 
"live" online worship services on facebook.com/prescottumc 
"prayer time" online | monday and wednesday | 2pm on facebook.com/prescottumc 
see all services

quick links
new to pumc? read our faq 
family activities 
youth activities / children's ministries 
our history - arizona's oldest protestant church 
our monthly "preview" publication 
our "weekly reminder" bulletin


copyright © 2025 prescott united methodist church. all rights reserved.
 
 




