










home - kelso longview chamber of commerce























































  
















skip to content














 
pillars of strength & crystal apple awards – cast your nomination hereeventsnewslettermember login











facebook





instagram





linkedin






































menu 
publications visitor guide & chamber directory business connection newslettersabout us about the chamber board of directors ambassadorsmembers become a member member directory member log-in ribbon cuttingsnews & events calendar of events news annual events and activitiesarea resources area links relocating to the area department of labor & industries resources community videosvisiting the area squirrel bridges visitor guide & chamber directory cowlitz county trail map cowlitz county eventscontact us








 















 
chamber connectionevery wednesday, 6:00 pm
fm 99.9 - am 1270

get the latest headlines and sports updates in our news & sport podcast. from breaking news to game highlights, we’ve got you covered!


listen at soundcloud



 


 
business after hourstuesday, mar. 11, 5 pm - 7 pm
don’t miss out on the best networking event in cowlitz county! hosted by columbia theatre longview.


reserve your spot



 


 
 pillars of strength & crystal apple awards nominationsnominations are open

nominate the educator and business you believe truly deserves to be recognized! your input helps shine a light on those making a difference.


cast your nominations



 
































koelsch communities












beth's place youth shelter












apogee longview












urban bungee












the main event party store












welcome to the kelso longview chamber of commerce






our role today is to create a successful economic environment within the community for our members; to promote the community; to create new and effective networking opportunities to increase business for members; and to represent members’ interests at local and state government.

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				








					hot deals				






















mark your calendar










view all events



































latest updates










 

 




the search continues: february sasquatch edition is here!



						january 31, 2025					



volume 17 • issue 2 of the business connection newsletter is here!  check out the squatch fest 2025, business after hours hosted by the children’s…
learn more





 

 




new year, new insights: january edition is live!



						january 3, 2025					



volume 17 • issue 1 of the business connection newsletter is here! check out the holiday mixer, legislative luncheon, jingle all the way, upcoming chamber…
learn more





 

 




wrapping up the year: the december newsletter is here!



						december 4, 2024					



volume 16 • issue 12 of the business connection newsletter is here! check out the business after hours hosted by kltv, a bunco gathering, quarterly…
learn more








1
2
3
…
5
next »








view all updates



















business after hours
tuesday, march 11
5 - 7 pm
columbia theatre longview
1231 vandercook way
longview, wa 98632
 








register here



























diamond members




































































































platinum members













































 












© 2025 kelso longview chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












building business. building community.




















kelso longview chamber of commerce









map




105 n minor road, kelso, wa 98626 









phone


360-423-8400









email


info@kelsolongviewchamber.org 









facebook





instagram





linkedin






















 © 2025 kelso longview chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















