
















pokemon dungeon - catchin' em all since 2000

























































































 




































				login				










homemedia & downloadsbox artfontsofficial artworkscreenshotstv commercialswallpaperspokemon magazines: retro cornerpokemon animated seriespokemon gamesmain series gamesmobile and pc gamespokemon arcade gamesspin off pokemon games on handheld spin off pokemon games on home consolespokemon game reviewspokemon moviespokemon tcg

















								home							

























									login								










 










  


















writers
calling all pokemon fans, we are looking for new writers. interested? get in touch by mail luke@pokemondungeon.com








  













homemedia & downloadsbox artfontsofficial artworkscreenshotstv commercialswallpaperspokemon magazines: retro cornerpokemon animated seriespokemon gamesmain series gamesfrom the game boy to the 3dsmobile and pc gamespokemon games on mobile, tablet and pcpokemon arcade gamesgames on japanese arcade machinesspin off pokemon games on handheld non main series pokemon titles on handheld & home consolesspin off pokemon games on home consolesnon main series pokemon games on home consolespokemon game reviewsreviews of pokemon games old and new, across all systems.pokemon moviespokemon tcg 

























the forums
our web community.  join our friendly community of aspiring pokemon trainers today.






the gallery
artistic creations of our members. want your own gallery and front page exposure for your art?








the library
our collection of knowledge and imagination. includes stories, reviews, articles &  information.






the pokedex
the pokemon encyclopedia. our pokedex was one of the first on the internet.






  






































welcome to pokemon dungeon
originally founded in 2000, pokemon dungeon is one of the oldest pokemon fansites online featuring one of the first ever online fan-made pokedex, an active forum community, the latest news and reviews of the pokemon series, the artwork and fiction of our members as well as lots of info on the games and a whole lot more.we are currently working on content and tools to give you the best pokemon experience on the internet. love the pokemon anime and writing? we could use your help writing about every season of the pokemon anime as well as the movies.check out inkedin for the latest slot games that are trendingget ready to spin and win with no deposit bonus slots at casino.info! enjoy the thrill of playing online slots with no risk and no cost - simply spin for your chance to win!playing online casino games india is fun as they have their own games like andar bahar, teen patti and more. most players from abroad can still play the games on their online casino sites. 






			pokémon incredible news for 2021: celebrating 25th anniversary		









what direction is the pokémon series likely to take as it commemorates the 25th anniversary marked on the 27th of february 2021? will there be new games or even remakes?while answers to this question remain uncertain and vague to the pokémon fans, we still anticipate some good news from nintendo. it was on 27th february 1996, when the first games were released in this franchise in japan, hence, marking the 25th year of existence this year.if you can recall, during the pokémon 20th anniversary a lot happened. the pokken and pokémon go were released, and there were also many crossover events in games that took place to mark that season such as splatoon and super mario maker.however, it is still not that clear what nintendo has in store for the pokémon fans as they celebrate 25 years of enjoying this trading card game of its type. but, at least we have a few things that were announced to happen this year, which we will mention in this article. these promises from pokémon company will be clearer as the year elapses. but we are hopeful that there will be more interesting releases soonest from nintendo. now, pokémon is among the top 3 trading card games that have gained a lot of international popularity over time. this makes it one of the best tcg in the market today. did you know that as of march 2020 over 30.4 billion pokemon cards have been sold? yes, they did, and this isn’t a negligible achievement, right? 


 
			read more ...		











popular  features










our pokemon ultra sun & ultra moon page







artist of the month: bluekomadori







pokemon retro magazine corner!





 
  



























poképoll 






  












































 




 







  























 












  













tweets by pokemon dungeon

 follow @pokemondungeonx
  































latest  news
















			the origins of pokémon


the pokémon franchise is the most lucrative media franchise in the world, worth over $100 billion. it surpasses the value of other beloved franchises like harry potter, hello kitty, winnie the pooh, and even marvel. this is an impressive feat, considering the franchise started as a magazine, not as a game developer.somehow, the game “pocket monsters” became pokémon and grew into a cultural phenomenon that continues to entertain people of all ages. below, we’ll explore how this happened by looking at the origins and evolution of this iconic franchise.photo by itadaki on unsplash 
read more









			is pokemon detective pikachu returns going to be a hit?


detective pikachu returns is a direct sequel to the first game detective pikachu that was released on 3ds in march 2018. the second game in the series, the upcoming detective pikachu returns will be released on october 6th, 2023, exclusively on nintendo switch. the game is being developed by creatures inc. and is obviously going to be published by nintendo.in this article we will predict what to expect from the upcoming game and if it’s going to be a hit or miss for the fans of pokémon as well as more casual players who like mysteries and detective stuff. without further ado, let’s see what pikachu has in store for us this time!what’s the story?story of the game. we will once again play as tim goodman wearing his iconic red hoodie. we came back to ryme city to once and for all solve all the mysteries and finish unfinished business. there will be plenty of puzzles and cases to solve for both humans and pokémon, and so far, there isn’t much more known about the game when it comes to the story. however, it will probably be straightforward and simplistic so you can focus on solving puzzles, and still being satisfied with the resolutions.we hope that the game will also be challenging at times because you want that feeling of accomplishment after solving a tougher riddle or case. in addition to that, because the first game came out over five years ago, here we could get some more modern cases that will reference the events and notions from real life like addressing the global pandemic, crypto miner games, or nfts. as an example, we can see someone who will have their digital art stolen, and we need to crack this mystery wide open.visual presentationwhen it comes to the visuals, we only really saw a one-and-a-half-minute trailer, but the game looks kind of bad? we obviously know that it is still a nintendo switch game so nothing gorgeous will be happening here, especially with the potential release of nintendo switch 2 on the horizon, but the game is not about the graphics. sadly, the environment does not look pleasing, and the background just falls flat from what we were able to see on the official youtube detective pikachu returns trailer.the textures do not look impressive, and the pixel count is quite low, but we can hope that what the game lacks in the visual presentation will make up for it in the story, character development, puzzles, and most importantly crimes to solve.lovable characters and humorthe one thing that works on the benefit of the upcoming game is the humor and chemistry between pikachu and tim goodman. our detective, known for his bolts and brilliance, will have a lot of interactions with other characters and it will make playing the game and watching the interactions all around you more precious.the developers behind the gameanother notable thing is that the developers that are creating pokémon detective pikachu returns by the name of creatures inc. create every model for new pokémon. that includes all the main pokémon games, side pokémon games, and pokémon tcg. they have a great track record of creating pokémon games overall, so it is an optimistic sign that the game will result in a new hit. the whole game will also be voice acted in various languages so you can immerse yourself in the story even more than ever.pokémon detective pikachu returns – hit or miss?considering the simplicity and uniqueness of this combination of pikachu and detective work, we think that the game will have a lot of fans and will earn its place as one of the most fun pokémon titles on nintendo switch. however, due to its lack of visual presentation the game might not reach the mainstream appeal it could with better graphics. in addition to all of that there was also a detective pikachu movie starring ryan reynolds as pikachu and justice smith as tim goodman. the movie was a big success, and we also know that the sequel is in development according to imdb, so if the movie sequel releases sometime next year, or in 2025 it could create some hype for more detective pikachu and the game might sell a lot better, based on the popularity of the movie and the actors involved in portraying the main protagonists. the first movie had some great reviews so we can only hope the second one will repeat the success of the original.so, when it comes to the sequel to the game from 2018, we think that pokémon detective pikachu returns has a high chance of capturing the hearts of many players all around the world, and that success is needed so the entire spin-off franchise about coffee drinking lightning creature could continue going forward! 










			can you play pokémon with cryptocurrency?


cryptocurrency – it’s increasingly taking the world by storm. but what actually is it?essentially, cryptocurrency is a form of digital money, and an alternative to traditional currencies. it relies on blockchain technology, and is a decentralized form of payment, which means that there’s no middleman (usually a government or bank) issuing the money in the first instance. anyone who owns cryptocurrency can save it, trade it, or send it to others via online transactions. at the present time, there are anywhere between 5,000 and 10,000 cryptocurrencies in existence. the best known – and first – is bitcoin, closely followed by ethereum. 
read more









			complete list of pokemon games for fans


pokemon (pocket monsters) is a globally-known japanese franchise centered around collecting fancy creatures known as pokemon. satoshi tajiri created it in 1996. the pokemon games industry is gaining more and more popularity thanks to the interface, design and available bonuses. the video games used more advanced consoles progressively - red/green used gameboy, diamond/pearl used nds, pokemon x /y used 3ds, and the newer releases used switch. gamers can play pokemon games free on any convenient device.developer: game freakcreator: satoshi tajirifirst release: february 27, 1996latest release: january 28, 2022platform: pc, game boy, game boy color, nintendo ds, nintendo 3ds, nintendo switch, nintendo wii u
 
read more









			teen patti vs poker: what’s the difference?


 in the western world, poker is to card games what pokémon is to video games – ubiquitously popular. but while pokémon has proven itself a highly successful export from the east to the west, poker hasn’t made the reverse journey quite so well. the reason? because many parts of asia already have their own equivalent card game, named teen patti (or “flash”). 
read more









			main online gaming features you should know


when it comes to exploring some of the most innovative elements that are currently taking over the world, it is rather inevitable to continue down the path without ever mentioning the aspect of gaming. with all of the recent technological updates and developments, there has been a huge rise in the overall innovative segments that are introduced in the entertainment world, and yes, one of the most popular segments is defiantly the world of online gaming. having all of this in mind, there has been a rather impressive digitalization movement of some of the classic and well-established games, as well as various movies, cartoons, music, and so much more. one of the most interesting representations is the anime world, especially when it comes to dealing with the most popular segment, pokémon. 
read more









			pokémon incredible news for 2021: celebrating 25th anniversary


what direction is the pokémon series likely to take as it commemorates the 25th anniversary marked on the 27th of february 2021? will there be new games or even remakes?while answers to this question remain uncertain and vague to the pokémon fans, we still anticipate some good news from nintendo. it was on 27th february 1996, when the first games were released in this franchise in japan, hence, marking the 25th year of existence this year.if you can recall, during the pokémon 20th anniversary a lot happened. the pokken and pokémon go were released, and there were also many crossover events in games that took place to mark that season such as splatoon and super mario maker.however, it is still not that clear what nintendo has in store for the pokémon fans as they celebrate 25 years of enjoying this trading card game of its type. but, at least we have a few things that were announced to happen this year, which we will mention in this article. these promises from pokémon company will be clearer as the year elapses. but we are hopeful that there will be more interesting releases soonest from nintendo. now, pokémon is among the top 3 trading card games that have gained a lot of international popularity over time. this makes it one of the best tcg in the market today. did you know that as of march 2020 over 30.4 billion pokemon cards have been sold? yes, they did, and this isn’t a negligible achievement, right? 
read more









			will pokemon ever make it into the esports betting world?


this year makes the 25th anniversary of pokemon (although the original red and blue games did not come to north america until september 1998). throughout the last quarter-century, pokemon has evolved from a brand new ip for nintendo to becoming one of the most successful video game franchises of all-time. even with all the success, the mainstream pokemon games have yet to make a significant footprint in the esports and betting world. 
read more














  

























  




















sign  up to our free newsletter





for the latest news on the pokemon videogames, tcg and more.




join


  













get  involved





artistsaffiliationwriters
  













quick  menu





contact ussite historystaff & creditssitemap
  













affiliates 





	- join avenue - legendary pkmn   - poképrint 












 
  













popular  articles








				pokemon dreamworld online (pc) official artwork			





				pokemon red, blue & yellow: tm & hm list			





				pokemon shuffle (3ds, android, ios) official artwork			





				pokemon black & white (nintendo ds) artwork & concept art by ken sugimori			





				pokemon red & green (game boy) official artwork			



  




























login 











username











password							






remember me 



log in





					create an account 



					forgot your username?



					forgot your password?





 

  













register 









name *






username *






email address *






confirm email address *






password * 






confirm password *






 

fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.



register


  






  



copyright © 2025.  pokemon dungeon.
pokemon and all associated trademarks are (c) of the pokemon company whom we are in no way affiliated with or endorsed by.





          
  




























