


pictures, picture, photos, photography, stock, images, pictures, reno, nevada, nv, washoe county

















 
 
 
 
 


images to...illustrate, illuminate, inform, inspire(click on thumbnails to view enlarged images.)






specializing in stock images - contact us












sponsor links













 
fall color, lake tahoe basin

 
mammoth mountain, ca

 
redwood sorrel, big basin st. park, ca

 
carl s. english, jr. botanical garden, seattle, wa

 
yosemite natl. park






stock images
our photos emphasize the beauty and diversity of the outdoor environment. we have pictures to convey a wide variety of messages. we do not sell image rights online or make a database of images available on this site. we respond to requests from our contact us form and work directly with you to find the pictures you need.

(go to just nevada pictures.)




nevada scenes




more pictures of reno and nevada
visit newtoreno.com to see more pictures specific to reno and sparks.


black rock desert-high rock canyon emigrant trailsnational conservation area, nevada
"there is no place just like this place anywhere near this place so this must be the place," said a 19th century surveyor about the black rock desert. it's still a true statement about one of the flattest places on earth, which also makes it a fascinating place to see and explore.

saline valley, death valley national park, ca
these pictures are from my trip over the president's day weekend, february of 2006. yes, the lower springs are barely flowing, a sad development indeed. the whole place is still incredible and well worth the long and rough drive. we can only hope that saline valley's lower springs return to their former wonderful state.

nahanni national park & northwest territories, canada

here are some photos of our nahanni adventure in canada's northwest territories, starting with our arrival at the 60th parallel, and ending with our last evening camped along the liard river before driving down into british columbia.

blm commemorative poster

a stan white photo was chosen for a 
poster produced by the bureau of land management, nevada. the photo, featuring oil well pump jacks, was taken at the eagle springs oil field in railroad valley. stan white shoots photos throughout nevada for the blm. these are used in a variety of blm publications and activities.







copyright© stan white photography
			
			reno, nevada usa
			
contact us



 








contact us



please use our contact us form to make your initial image request. we will respond to indicate if we have the types of images you need.	  
		  




 
lake tahoe scuba divers, sand harbor

 
sundial bridge,redding, ca

 
sunblood mtn.,s. nahanni river,nwt, canada

 
ansel adams wilderness,sierra nevada, ca

 
sunset clouds

 
pt. reyes national seashore, ca

 
castle geyser,yellowstone natl. park

 
silver fallsstate park, or







