





sharpfocus photography – focus is on you!






































 skip to main content skip to primary sidebarhome
actors

sample actor headshots


corporate

examples of corporate headshots


models

model headshots for agencies


portrait
retouching
rates
contact
blog
sharpfocus photographyfocus is on you!headshot in dc


if you’re looking for headshots in dc sharpfocus photography studio is a good choice. for corporate or actor’s head shots, model photography or business portraits, you always get great photos that show you in the best light. and you don’t have to pay a high price. at sharpfocus, the focus is always on you.  


great friendly servicerelaxed no pressure shootfocus on your unique youflattering lighting setupexcellent quality at low ratesyou only pay when you’re satisfiedno upfront or hidden costs


5 star rating by people like youaward winning photographymore pictures for your moneyyou get help getting the gigin-house retouching availablehelp finding modeling agenciescompcard setup at no extra cost


actors headshots


for actor’s headshots, you get useful tips on posing, expression, focus and relaxation so your photos will pop. if you’re auditioning for film or theater, all the hints help you stand out when sending your pictures to casting calls. see why more actors in dc are choosing sharpfocus for their pictures.
one hour studio time – $200 grey or white background.  3 looks – 2 wardrobe changesfast delivery – 24 – 48 hours*10 high resolution with basic touchup2 headshot layouts for printing
learn more…
corporate headshots

if you’re in a business where image matters, you need executive portraits that show you in the best light. sharpfocus photography focuses on you to capture pictures that show your core values and inspire trust. 
one hour studio time – $250 grey or white background.  3 looks – 2 wardrobe changesfast delivery – 24 – 48 hours*10 high resolution with basic touchuplorez pictures for social media
learn more…
model photography

when you submit photos to agencies, you need to show you have what it takes to be a model. at sharpfocus photography you get great shots that show your assets. that way you increase your chances to get noticed. it’s your best choice to shoot pictures that meet modeling requirements.
one hour studio time – $250 grey or white background.  3 looks – 2 wardrobe changesfast delivery – 24 – 48 hours*10 high resolution with basic touchuplorez pictures for social media
learn more…
personal portraits

for portraits to grab attention, the key is the ability to show a photograph that is uniquely you. a personal message about how you want the world to see you. to capture that moment of truth is our pursuit. you gets advice on what to wearand hints for the best poses for great pictures. if you need a portrait photographer in dc, you cannot choose a better place. at sharp focus, we’ve been delivering a lot of smiles lately!learn more…
sharpfocus offers great shots for actors, corporate executives and models. if you’re a business professional an actor or a model looking for a photographer, you’ve come to the right place. if your success depends on your image, the focus is on you. you will get noticed, with unique images that show you in the best possible light. you get pictures that have a personal look and set you apart from the competition.
incoming search terms:semalt comhttps://sharpfocusphoto com/shsrp focus photoamazonsemaltactor headshots dcwashington dc photographyprimary sidebartop-rated by expertise.com


recent


all you need to know about actor headshots and resumes


headshots of a theatre actress in dc


casual business headshots


headshots of young promising actor


headshots for opera audition



copyright © 2023 · magazine pro on genesis framework · wordpress · log in 









