


author brandilyn collins-seatbelt suspense® and contemporary novels

























































 






powered by ditdat 
 


join us!   |  
login




















home 

about 

books 
all booksseatbelt suspense®
contemporary
nonfiction



invite to speak 

fantastic fiction retreat 

contact 








brandilyn collins, bestselling author of over 30 books in the christian market, is known for her
 seatbelt suspense® novels, her energetic and insightful speaking about god and his power to change lives, and her deep-level teaching of the craft of fiction.







"collins is a fine writer who knows how to keep readers turning pages." -- publishers weekly
"a master storyteller." --rt bookreviews



 








update on me



april 1, 2023in 2020, shortly after covid hit our nation, god called me out of the writing career i had spent 30 years building and led me to spend my time praying in intercession for the nation and for my town, region and church. actually, he didn't tell me what he was doing at first. i was on a break from writing, so when god asked me to use all the time i would have spent writing in prayer, i thought it was just for a season. god was gracious in not giving me more than i could handle all at once. i had thought i would write for the rest of my life. i could not have imagined totally walking away from my career. but that's what i did. and these last three years have been the most blessed of my life!as i began interceding in 2020, it was clear the u.s. was in dire trouble. we needed god's intervention. as i spent days, weeks, months, now years, praying, my relationship with the lord has greatly deepened. i've learned to hear his voice in the various ways he speaks, even when he barely whispers. (of course, this is a learning journey for the rest of my life.) he began talking to me during the day and at night. (i keep a notebook and pen by the bed to record as needed. yes, i've learned to write in the dark. :) he's given me dreams and visions. i learned how to listen to prophetic voices across the nation, using his discernment as to whom he wanted me to listen. over the last three years, i have seen god's plan for our nation laid out, and it's now playing out. 
there is much, deep evil within our nation and the world. in government, business, medicine, pharmacy, schools, churches--every aspect of society. the lord is exposing it all. he is bringing it to the surface for all to see, and then he will judge it. he will restore our nation. not because we deserve it, but due to the prayers of his people. his remnant. so keep your eyes on jesus, especially in these coming days. for he's warned us it will look like all is lost. but then he will come through with the victory. so that he, and he alone will receive the glory. for this nation cannot be saved by the physical power of any man or woman or even a large group of people. only god can save us.along with god's promise to expose and bring evil to justice, he has promised revival and awakening--around the world. we saw the beginning of this through the asbury revival in wilmore, ky, which began on feb. 8 of this year. (i grew up in wilmore and attended asbury.) similar revival outbreaks of repentance, healing, and restoration have been occurring around the world since then. and this is just the beginning--the first few rolling rocks of the avalanche to come. god's glory is about to be poured out on this nation and the world! at the end of 2022, god sent me a flash vision of a clock with its hands going around and around very fast. i understood his message to me--"acceleration." since then i've heard many other prophetic voices say this word. sure enough, as soon as 2023 hit, events in the u.s. began to accelerate. last sunday (march 26), i felt a definite shift in the spirit realm. i could sense the events god has been speaking about would now accelerate even further. and they certainly have done so this past week. no question--when god is on the move, satan fights back hard. but he's no match for the lord most high!please hear me. if you're not right with the lord, repent now. do you not know god at all, but you crave truth in this world of deceit? god is truth. he is the only place you'll find complete truth. as for halfhearted christianity, it will no longer work. those who aren't walking closely with the lord are about to be greatly shaken, right along with those who purposefully oppose him. it's time for the church to "arise, shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the lord has risen upon you." (isaiah 60:1) the great harvest of souls is upon us, and we all are needed to work diligently and with much love in god's kingdom.blessings on you all,~ brandilyn


to read the words i receive from the lord, please visit burningbrand.blog
 



 





 





 











© 2018 brandilyn collins
all rights reserved




 


 
 



