







a cruising guide to the maine coast













































        
          
            a cruising guide to the maine coast
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















              explore
            

            about
          

            buy
          



























































cart
















0











exploreaboutbuy





                
                  
                    a cruising guide to the maine coast
                  
                
              
maine coast











scroll






       

seventh edition



by hank and jan taft, curtis rindlaub











the definitive cruising reference to maine’s complex coast—its deep bays and rivers, its offshore islands, its secret gunkholes, and its fabled cruising harbors.additional coverage of new brunswick’s fundy coastand the saint john river. “a cruising guide to the maine coast...is by far the best of the cruising guides. this book should be the bible for anyone cruising maine for the first or the 50th time.”     cruising world“this book is more than a cruising guide. it is a compendium of the maine coast that no boat venturing east of the isles of shoals should be without.”     ocean navigator“... a cruising guide to the maine coast is a paradigm of accuracy, accessibility, and functional beauty.”     sail“without a doubt, it is the best guide to the waters of maine, written clearly, carefully and—best of all—with heart.”     maine times




























the southern coast










casco bay










the midcoast









mount desert










penobscot bay










downeast










passamaquoddy bay










fundy and saint john











 



stay up-to-date
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!










a cruising guide to the maine coast



the definitive reference



product group



social












diamond pass publishing, inc.
332 woodford street,
portland, me, 04103,
united states
207-766-2337
mainecoastguide@gmail.com


hours


















contact




©diamond pass publishing, inc. 2017









