

















athens, oh - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 

 










     





 
 
 


    how do i?      government      departments  


 

 

 





 







 
  
 
 



























 














agendas & minutes








online services










 
 














municipal court








employment










 
 














city notifications








report a concern








videos










 
 
 



 






































						1
						brick building




						2
						people




						3
						citysource app








  
 





see the most recent messages from city of athens, ohio, powered by nixle.sign up to receive messages by email & text message.


 
 
 














athens news
 






  
 














introducing kids club: childcare while you work out! 


read on...







call for entry: taste of athens...ohio! gallery exhibition at arts west 


read on...







spring youth soccer registration runs 2/3/25-3/16/25 grades k-6th $40 per player 


read on...







neighborhood corridor overlay zone public open house: 2/18/25 6pm - at the stimson ave. fire station 


join us on february 18, 2025 at 6pm at the stimson avenue fire station for a public open house to learn and discuss the proposed neighborhood corridor overlay zone.						read on...







no city council meeting on monday, feb. 10 


the next regular session of city council will be on tuesday, february 18, at 7pm			






recently adopted city ordinances 


ordinances adopted 02/03/25 posted 02/06/25 through 02/20/25.						read on...







floodplain administration statement of findings and public notification 


the construction of a proposed roundabout on ohio state route 56 and 682 was reviewed by the code office to determine if there were impacts to the city's floodplain or flood way. based on david riggs review, the proposed changes will have no impact.						read on...







factory street and a portion of station street will be closed for a water line replacement project 


the office of design & construction announces effective 2/3/25, factory st. and a portion of station street will be closed for a water line replacement project. this is expected to be 3 week closure with the roadway closed through business day on 2/24...						read on...







west union street improvements project update 


crews will be finishing the concrete work on the east end of the project this week.  the week of december 16th crews will perform small finish work and project clean-up. west union is open to two-way traffic.						read on...







temporary impacts to bikeway w. union st. and richland ave. 


as part of the city-county sewer upgrades project area near the hockhocking adena bikeway between w. union st. and richland ave. will be bored for the installation of a sanitary sewer force main.						read on...







athens city records commission will be meeting on tuesday, february 25 


read on...







view all spotlights




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 








calendar







feb
3	


spring youth soccer registration (grade k-6th) 

spring youth soccer registration (grade k-6th) read more






feb
5	


call for entry: taste of athens...ohio! gallery exhibition at arts west

call for entry: taste of athens...ohio! gallery exhibition at arts westread more






feb
18	


silver sneakers circuit fitness class

silver sneakers circuit fitness classread more



teen/adult karate

teen/adult karateread more




view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 














common services
 






  
 













agendas & minutes



code of ordinances







staff directory



arts, parks & recreation







mayor









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 








 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







city of athens8 east washington street,athens, ohio 45701monday through fridayfrom 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.email mayor's officeemail municipal court
 






  
 



  
 







connect







facebook



instagram



twitter









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







resources







police department



tax forms



city maps



city council



utilities









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







using this site







home



site map



contact us



staff directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 







government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









