









custom african safaris | tailor made holidays in africa

































































customer reservations: +27 21 797 4905
tours@africanwelcomesafaris.com















home
about
destinations
safaris
honeymoons
group tours
day tours
self drive
planning
create holiday
blog
contact
 


select page


  
 
 











tailor made holidays in africa

tailor made holidays in africa








search for:















create your best african safari

african welcome has been arranging custom african safaris & holidays for over 20 years, we live in africa, and have personally visited the properties we recommend. everything you see is fully customisable  to your preferences.
we’ll make sure that every moment of your tailor made dream holiday in africa exceeds your expectations, giving you a tailored and unique safari through southern & east africa. after all, a custom african safari holiday means seeing africa your way!








custom safari itineraries








luxury lodges & hotels








honeymoon experts








day tours & experiences







yes we can!







popular experiences!

whether it’s a custom designed african safari, a romantic honeymoon in the african bush, a tropical island vacation, or a half or full day tour of cape town, durban or johannesburg, we have found that the selections below are consistent favourites with our visitors. these are some of the experiences that our customers ask for most frequently, but we invite you to make contact and tell us your particular preference.

12 nights magical cape town, kalahari & kruger national parkthis luxury 12 night itinerary including cape town, the kalahari and the kruger...read morekruger national park & panoramic routefrom r 32 781 - a 6 day adventure on safari in the kruger national park ending...read moreluxury 3 night fly in safari at sabi sands little bushfrom r 43 990  per adult - relish in this amazing 3 night fly in safari in the...read more





choose a destination!

mauritiusmauritius, a picturesque island in the indian ocean, offers an enchanting blend of natural beauty, rich culture, and luxury. known for its...view allcape towncape town has been voted as one of the most beautiful cities in the world, and for good reason. offering picture-perfect beaches...view allgarden routethe garden route has a mysterious allure. a most unusual part of africa, it is also the sunny corner of the cape where evergreen forests...view allkruger national parkone simply cannot visit africa without experiencing the world-renowned kruger national park, home to the ’big five’ – lion, elephant...view allbotswanabotswana is one of the few remaining destinations in africa that still offers a true safari experience. home to a wonderfully diverse range...view allnamibiain southwest africa, namibia combines the arid beauty of the namib desert – possibly the oldest in the world – with surrounding grasslands...view allvictoria fallsthe magnificent victoria falls – or mosi-oa-tunya (the mist that thunders) – is located on the zambezi river between zambia and zimbabwe...view alltanzania & kenyatanzania is africa’s visual masterpiece. it is a country of magnificent natural splendour, astounding wildlife, seductive beaches, charming...view allluxury train journeysa luxury african safari has been the dream of many a traveller and the inspiration of many authors and poets. it invokes images of vast...view allrwanda & uganda gorilla trekkingrwanda is a strikingly beautiful country dotted with immaculate villages, and verdant tea plantations that spill down the hillsides.  known...view all





choose a safari!

african safarisa luxury african safari has been the dream of many a traveller and the...view allgroup tourssee the best of southern africa, on one of our group tours , designed to give...view allday tourswe offer a selection of the finest day tours throughout south africa’s major...view allself drive holidaysnot everyone is interested in a guided tour, which is why african welcome...view allromantic honeymoonsfor an utterly unique and memorable romantic african safari or beach honeymoon...view all







customer testimonials
unsolicited & independent opinions from past clients, in real-time from google and facebook reviews.

 



i booked with kathi simon, she was extremely professional and courteous. she handled everything my fiancé and i needed to have an amazing once in a lifetime adventure. i’d definitely... read morei booked with kathi simon, she was extremely professional and courteous. she handled everything my fiancé and i needed to have an amazing once in a lifetime adventure. i’d definitely recommend kathi and her team. read less 
  max stept 




from the moment we contacted kathi at african welcome safari's, we knew we were onto a winner. kathi put together a great itinerary for us to victoria falls, cape town,... read morefrom the moment we contacted kathi at african welcome safari's, we knew we were onto a winner. kathi put together a great itinerary for us to victoria falls, cape town, kruger / hoedspruit & jo'burg. transfers, tours, accom, flights were all taken care, we just had to show up. the quality of everything was perfect and the communication was brilliant! kathi stayed in touch throughout the trip to answer any questions we had and assist if we had any issues. everything was just so easy!

this was our first time in africa and kathi had some great advice and helped us plan the trip of a lifetime! would highly recommend african welcome safari's!

thanks for planning our trip of a lifetime! 🙂 read less 
  ross 




when we first considered traveling to africa we contacted some uk travel agents however it wasn't until africa welcome safaris was recommended to us that we appreciated how important it... read morewhen we first considered traveling to africa we contacted some uk travel agents however it wasn't until africa welcome safaris was recommended to us that we appreciated how important it was that our agent was 'on the ground' and has specialist knowledge of the region. kathi simon put together a fantastic itinerary that managed to capture all the places that we wanted to visit but not only that but with much greater value for money than the uk agents. this included arranging upgrades on both rovos rail and the zambezi queen river boat. all our transfers worked like clockwork and the private guide that kathi chose for us in cape town was outstanding. kathi stayed in touch with us both before and during our holiday and nothing was too much trouble. she even recommended restaurants for us to eat in cape town and made reservations on our behalf. my wife and i were incredibly impressed with african welcome safaris, as indeed other friends of ours have been, and we would not hesitate to recommend them if you are intending to visit africa. read less 
  steve allen 


 



amazing africa! there's nowhere like it on the planet for wildlife and rich traditions that endure. prepare to fall in love because we did! our heartfelt gratitude goes out to... read moreamazing africa! there's nowhere like it on the planet for wildlife and rich traditions that endure. prepare to fall in love because we did! our heartfelt gratitude goes out to kathi who was so efficient in responding to our queries right from the start while helping to liaise with the respective safaris and partner agency in kenya to ensure we'd have an awesome honeymoon, and we did! despite the time difference she was really quick and our communication with her was superb and all went well except for 1 safari stay which was disappointing due to maintenance issues.
thank you kathi, enjoy the tea and we hope to come back soon and of course engage your services once again! read less 
  alison loh 




friends recommended african welcome safaris after their trip to south africa and victoria falls. we were amazed at how informative, efficient, and personable kathi was, and how easily she ... read morefriends recommended african welcome safaris after their trip to south africa and victoria falls. we were amazed at how informative, efficient, and personable kathi was, and how easily she  helped design our fantastic tour of capetown and the garden route, as well as our trip to victoria falls, zimbabwe.
she asked us what we wanted to see, where we specifically wanted to go, and what activities we wanted to do. once we started communicating, kathi came up with an itinerary that included all places that met our desires and fit our timetable. she suggested guided tours with local guides and activities that we could book through her, or in some cases, we could book on our own.
kathi booked all our regional flights, transfers, and incredible accommodations. she also arranged a rental car for our self-drive tour of the garden route.
we spent three nights at arathusa safari lodge at sabi sands bordering kreuger and our ranger guide and tracker found all of the big 5 plus lots of other animals including hyenas and crocodiles, impalas and kudus. roy, our ranger guide had 21 years experience and could tell about the family relationships between lion prides and leopard mothers, cubs, and fathers!
all in all, our detailed daily itinerary spelled out everything we needed to know to have a seamless travel experience.
we highly recommend african welcome safaris to anyone seeking a tailor-made unique visit to south africa, victoria falls, and safaris.
we can't wait to return! read less 
  steven katzen 




a dream honeymoon adventure in south africa!

my husband and i recently embarked on our dream honeymoon in south africa, and the experience crafted by african welcome safaris surpassed all our... read morea dream honeymoon adventure in south africa!

my husband and i recently embarked on our dream honeymoon in south africa, and the experience crafted by african welcome safaris surpassed all our expectations. from the mesmerizing safari to the vibrant city life in cape town, the picturesque garden route, thrilling shark cage diving, and the awe-inspiring victoria falls in zimbabwe, every moment was nothing short of amazing.

throughout our honeymoon, african welcome safaris demonstrated a commitment to excellence. the accommodations, transportation, and guides were top-notch, reflecting the company's dedication to providing an unforgettable experience. our heartfelt thanks for making our honeymoon a journey of a lifetime.

kathi was also extremely responsive the entire trip. whether it be questions about our accommodation or excursions, we always received a prompt response. we highly recommend working with them, to anyone seeking an extraordinary adventure in south africa! read less 
  erin baker 


 



we had our dream honeymoon in south africa thanks to the efforts of kathi simon at african welcome safaris. i decided to book through kathi as she was very responsive... read morewe had our dream honeymoon in south africa thanks to the efforts of kathi simon at african welcome safaris. i decided to book through kathi as she was very responsive to my emails and could accommodate all my travel requests, providing me with a detailed itinerary suited to my budget. my wife and i could enjoy ourselves without worrying about missing our flights or transfers. during the trip, we could contact kathi whenever we encountered any issues. our shark cage diving tour got postponed due to inclement weather, but she managed to coordinate and reschedule with the tour operator when the weather improved. for anyone visiting south africa, we highly recommend booking through african welcome safaris for an unforgettable experience! read less 
  shawn chu 




kathi was amazing! she helped me with all the details of my trip to south africa and she made it a magical experience. no doubt, the best experience i could... read morekathi was amazing! she helped me with all the details of my trip to south africa and she made it a magical experience. no doubt, the best experience i could have asked for!
thank you so much, kathi! read less 
  cecilia varjal 




kathi was amazing to work with.  she responded quickly to our requests and questions ahead of time; she absolutely made this vacation a trip of a lifetime by tailoring... read morekathi was amazing to work with.  she responded quickly to our requests and questions ahead of time; she absolutely made this vacation a trip of a lifetime by tailoring the trip to our interests, time and budget. read less 
  jill alessio 


 



we visited south africa between 8 may and 18 may 2021. our overall holiday experience was excellent. the decision to book the trip with african welcome safaris was pretty straightforward:... read morewe visited south africa between 8 may and 18 may 2021. our overall holiday experience was excellent. the decision to book the trip with african welcome safaris was pretty straightforward: throughout the years we built a close relationship with alex and kathi and fully trust their personalized services.
this trip was actually supposed to take place in 2020 but the pandemic meddled with our plans. this year, alex and kathi provided all the literature, advice and information we needed to feel reassured and forge ahead with the trip. upon landing in jnb, it was easy to see that south africa was ready for tourists and taking covid-19 protective measures very seriously. mask wearing is compulsory almost everywhere including in public transport and on domestic flights. we felt absolutely safe both in the amazing lodges of the mluwati concession in the kruger national park and in cape town. everyone was expecting us and a top-class service was never an issue. food quality in lodges was simply beyond expectations. the imbali chef was truly outstanding and prepared for our daughter vegan menus tasting every bit as good as the ones for carnivores. our itinerary combined five days in the magic kruger with five days in the stunning capetown. simply put, our trip was fantastic and alex felt like it was so well deserved- because of the covid situation, which made things uncertain. we won't wait so long to return to south africa! thank you so much, alex and kathi. it was unquestionably worth going and we would not have made it without you! read less 
  ait-allah mejri 




our south africa honeymoon was the trip of our lifetime. 

african welcome safaris organized the most magical trip throughout south africa. their service was exceptional!! accommodations were unbelievable. activities were... read moreour south africa honeymoon was the trip of our lifetime. 

african welcome safaris organized the most magical trip throughout south africa. their service was exceptional!! accommodations were unbelievable. activities were incredible and restaurants recommended were amazing.  the organization of the trip was perfect and everything worked out seamlessly. the guides were extraordinary. i feel like the luckiest person to have worked with african welcome safaris. i will 100% recommend and refer friends and family and anyone i know to african welcome safaris. everything was 10 out of 10. read less 
  edward mccloskey 




we booked the south africa leg of our honey moon through kathi at african welcome safaris.  and we couldn't be happier with the service we got.

kathi came recommended from... read morewe booked the south africa leg of our honey moon through kathi at african welcome safaris.  and we couldn't be happier with the service we got.

kathi came recommended from friends of ours that used her 6 months ago to book their safari.  we are from canada and it was intimidating trying to find a trustworthy agent to work with from our side of the world and having never traveled to africa before.

kathi was very informative, had calls with us, many back and forth emails as we picked our safari lodging.   she always responds in a timely manner, and she is very patient.

kathi helped us pick our safari lodge, organized transfers from capetown to krueger, helped us plan guided activities in capetown,  organized a rental car.    everything worked out seamlessly, which took so much stress off of our travels.

100% recommend kathi, you won't be disappointed.

ps african welcome safaris accepts visa, which some companies require money transfer and you just have to hope you didn't get scammed.  so you get the points. and some peace of mind. read less 
  torben christensen 


 



african welcome safaris is the best. kathi patiently and meticulously planned our kenya and tanzania trip. thank you to their team, we had a smooth and worry free holiday. everything... read moreafrican welcome safaris is the best. kathi patiently and meticulously planned our kenya and tanzania trip. thank you to their team, we had a smooth and worry free holiday. everything was captivatingly beautiful; from the safaris,lodges, the food, and the people. will definitely go back and will book with african welcome safaris again. read less 
  arah reyes 




tour operator with quality tour guides and individually designed tours for discerning tourists.				
  graham mcdonald 




kathi at african welcome safari’s was excellent from the point we contacted her to help us plan our holiday in south africa. we gave her some ideas of the things... read morekathi at african welcome safari’s was excellent from the point we contacted her to help us plan our holiday in south africa. we gave her some ideas of the things we wanted to do and she came back with an itinerary that hit all our requirements. the communication and service was exemplary, even though we had to rearrange the trip several times due to the pandemic. we travelled as a family, with two teenagers to satisfy and they also loved the whole trip.
the standard of the hotels and lodges was very high, with a wonderful welcome and great service and comfort. every stage of the itinerary went to plan, even when we moved locations. kathi kept in touch with us throughout the holiday to ensure we were happy and be on hand if we needed her.
we loved cape town, the hotel location on the waterfront was perfect with lots of shops and restaurants. then we went on to the grootbos nature reserve, which was also excellent. we joined a whale watching boat tour and were lucky enough to see southern right whales. finally, we flew up to johannesburg and then on to the madikwe game reserve at the motswiri lodge - our ranger stewart was brilliant, as were all the staff. we saw a wide range of animals including lions, cheetahs, elephants, hyena, buffalo, giraffes and many others.
we would highly recommend a trip to south africa and definitely use african welcome safaris to book your holiday. read less 
  sue williams 


 



truly the trip of a lifetime!

when we started planning our trip to africa for a group of 14, we contacted several agencies for quotes. very quickly we decided to go... read moretruly the trip of a lifetime!

when we started planning our trip to africa for a group of 14, we contacted several agencies for quotes. very quickly we decided to go with african welcome safaris.  the choice was simple: the agency representative, kathi simon, was responsive, flexible, knowledgeable, and accommodating. in addition, the price was right. not only did kathi tailor our trip to our wishes, but she also made a number of excellent suggestions, which, as we realized later, turned our vacation into an unforgettable experience.

we started our tour with a four and half day stay in cape town. this included a city tour, table mountain (not to be missed!), winelands tour, hiking on lion’s head (highly recommended but be prepared to do some strenuous climbing), and just leisurely walking around this interesting city. kathi suggested that we stay at lawhill luxury apartments, which turned out to be superb accommodations. the apartments were luxurious indeed.  they were also less expensive and more convenient than comparable hotels.

the next leg of the tour was a safari at kruger national park.  our enjoyment of this portion of the trip is beyond words. our rangers, terry and kyle, made everything possible so that we could relish every minute of the safari. we parked a few feet away from a herd of lions that did not pay the slightest attention to us and saw a leopard leisurely walk a few feet away from our jeep.  we would just tell the rangers what we wanted to see, say, zebras, elephants, and giraffes, and they managed to find all of those animals for us. we stayed at the selati camp of the sabi sabi private game reserve, which was also kathi’s suggestion. the camp was a unique experience in itself. the “bungalows” were rustic enough to create a safari mood, but very comfortable and spacious, with twice-a-day room service to make you feel great. the camp had eight bungalows so that it was all ours. most importantly, the camp staff was friendly and courteous. they went above and beyond to make our experience enjoyable.

before moving to our next safari at chobe national park, kathi suggested that we visit the spectacular victoria falls. we spent two unforgettable days there.  not only did we enjoy viewing the victoria falls from both the zambia and zimbabwe sites, but we also swam in the devil’s pool on livingston iceland, rode elephants and had a dinner cruise on the zambezi river. these two days were a very nice change of scenery.  thereafter we moved to the chobe game lodge, which is undoubtedly the best safari location at chobe.  the safari experience at chobe was different but no less enjoyable than the one at kruger. the abundance of animals at chobe is unbelievable. we could observe them not only from the jeeps but also from boats on the chobe river.

i cannot say enough to praise kathi simon who flawlessly organized and executed the trip that covered a vast territory of four countries: south africa, zambia, zimbabwe, and botswana. pre-safari correspondences were very helpful and to the point. due to kathi’s expertise and attention to details, we had a seamless transition from place to place.

we thoroughly enjoyed each and every day we spent in africa.  together these days added up to an extraordinary vacation that we will never forget. read less 
  elena belkin 




kathi and african welcome safaris is amazing. you cannot go wrong.  every single detail covered and the best of all accommodations.  perfect trip!				
  tiffany jump 




nothing like good day in the bush				
  k kahn 


 



amazing experience. staff lovely. well worth the visit. would recommend				
  joanne 




we had visited cape town late october, and we were big group of 16 people. everything was organized according to our wishes and previous arrangements. we had wonderful day with... read morewe had visited cape town late october, and we were big group of 16 people. everything was organized according to our wishes and previous arrangements. we had wonderful day with peter, who was our tour guide, and shared with us a lot of interesting information about cape town and africa in general. highly recommend african welcome safaris, you will have exciting day 🙂 read less 
  sandra kovacevic 




kathi was great and the whole trip was as described and completely stress free!				
  gruff lovgreen 


 



kathi (simon) was so helpful. she was very informative and responsive. she quickly answered my questions and concerns and was a great resource. the safari camp, kapama, she booked me... read morekathi (simon) was so helpful. she was very informative and responsive. she quickly answered my questions and concerns and was a great resource. the safari camp, kapama, she booked me at was fantastic.
i was so impressed with her. when i come back i will 100% use her to book my trip again. read less 
  stacey maisano 




an african safari has been a bucket list item since i was a kid. i am not wealthy but instead needed to save up for a trip of a lifetime... read morean african safari has been a bucket list item since i was a kid. i am not wealthy but instead needed to save up for a trip of a lifetime so i was very focused on making sure it had the right travel agent that understood what i wanted to get out of the trip and boy did they deliver.

my time in cape town was magical. what a gorgeous city.

my time spent at sabi sands at savannah lodge was beyond all my expectations. easily the highlight of the trip. more animals than i ever imagined seeing.

from there my time at timbivati at kings camp was next level luxury.

my weekend in victoria falls was majestic.

kathi, the agent i worked with, was the mk dest most accommodating agent ever. she would respond on her days off in an emergency and i always felt she was available. read less 
  conrad mones 




we would recommend kathi and african welcome safaris to anyone who wants to make a visit to cape town and have a safari experience built in. kathi was super responsive... read morewe would recommend kathi and african welcome safaris to anyone who wants to make a visit to cape town and have a safari experience built in. kathi was super responsive right from the start, without being too imposing. it was our first visit to south africa and my family and i had the most awesome experience, from being up on the magnificent table mountain, soaking in the ambience at the waterfront to the magical bush experience at tintswalo. i was travelling with 4 elderly folks and kathi made it the most stress-free holiday ever for me...from the transfers to tickets. after a 14h flight from singapore, it was great that arrangements were already made with the hotel for an early check-in. our guide in cape town, rhys was very accommodating and knowledgeable. we felt very safe with him.

the stay at tintswalo manor house was amazing and magical. there was a watering hole right in front of the house and it was like watching national geographic live from the patio. the team that took care of us there were very attentive and catered to our every need. the vehicle density in this part of kruger is also relatively low so we felt that the safari experience was very personalised.

we will definitely want to make another trip back and have african welcome safaris take care of our itinerary 🙂 read less 
  caryn ong 


 



kathi simon and aws did a wonderful job planning and handling our trip to south africa. we travelled as a family of 4 from the usa, with 2 teenage boys.... read morekathi simon and aws did a wonderful job planning and handling our trip to south africa. we travelled as a family of 4 from the usa, with 2 teenage boys. we did cape town, the wine country, and safaris near kruger national park. kathi was a great communicator, and worked hard to ensure that all the details were accounted for. every location and accommodation she selected was fantastic. all of the transfers were easy, reliable, and safe. the value was excellent for the peace of mind provided. we received kathi's name from a good friend who booked with kathi over 10 years ago, and now - 10+ years later - kathi and aws are still providing a wonderful south african experience. read less 
  ezzell family 



 








independent reviews
don’t believe us! more unbiased reviews from past clients by safari bookings.





african safari specialists
let us design your african safari with a variety of safari destinations – our expertise includes travel and safaris in south africa, botswana, namibia, zimbabwe, mozambique, kenya and tanzania.





personalised service
african welcome safaris offers a highly personalised service. with a dedicated travel consultant catering to all your travel needs. our passion is creating your holiday of a lifetime.




memberships




 








suggested content south africa tours
terms & conditions
on the blog
create a safari
special deals
site map
 

contact us po box 53406, kenilworth, 7745
p: customer support: +27 21 797 4905
e: tours@africanwelcomesafaris.com
 

secure online payment 

 

follow us



facebook





youtube





instagram





linkedin




 



african welcome safaris © 2023 - all rights reserved. content & marketing by: chris corbet
 





traduire » vertalen » übersetzen

 














