



pmk group – birdsall acquired by partner engineering and science, inc






























		skip to content	



pmk group







pmk acquired by birdsall services group (bsg)
for decades pmk was a trusted advisor, serving clients throughout the northeast corridor with high quality design and engineering excellence.
in 2008, pmk group (pmk), a recognized leader in the public and private sector providing energy, environmental engineering and consulting services since 1986, was acquired and became bsg’s fifth specialty engineering firm. pmk provided environmental engineering and remediation services for landfills and brownfield sites throughout new jersey, in addition to providing geotechnical engineering and waste management services. pmk was also a leader in providing energy and sustainable consulting services, which help their clients manage rising energy costs while also identifying energy alternatives.
for decades pmk was a trusted advisor, serving clients throughout the northeast corridor with high quality design and engineering excellence.
pmk was continually ranked as a leading firm in such publications as enr (engineering news record), zweig white, new york construction news, and nj biz (business news new jersey). in addition, they also received numerous awards for excellence in structural, civil, environmental, and mep engineering.

birdsall acquired by partner engineering and science, inc
on june 21st, 2013, partner engineering and science, inc. (partner) finalized the acquisition of most of the assets of birdsall services group (bsg) as part of its planned growth and expansion in the tri-state area. the purchase includes bsg’s accounts receivable, physical assets, select contracts, existing project files, select intellectual property, and license agreements.
what is included in the purchase?
in this unique agreement, partner will acquire what made bsg a success, including accounts receivable, physical assets, select contracts, existing project files, select intellectual property, and license agreements.
who is partner engineering and science, inc.?
partner provides engineering and environmental consulting services to the commercial real estate industry from 30 offices nationwide. partner is an employee-owned corporation and a women-owned business enterprise.

questions or information needed?
in order to most effectively answer your questions and provide information, please contact us at 732-945-4077 or birdsallinfo@partneresi.com.











				© copyright 2013-2025 partner esi. all rights reserved.
			



 







