








home page - oberweis securities, inc





















































 

oberweis asset managementabout us

overview
affiliated companies
investment process


resources

applications & forms
faqs
business continuity plan
trade routing reports


login



oberweis securities, inc.
your gateway to full-service investment assistance


contact us

our staff is waiting to help you.to speak to a financial consultant,call oberweis securities.
toll-free 800-323-6166
main 630-577-2300
fax 630-245-0467
emailinfo@oberweis.netcomments@oberweis.netsupport@oberweis.net








online access to
oberweis funds website
the oberweis funds are pleased to announce online account access and expanded customer service hours. oberweis funds shareholders can log on to view their accounts and place transactions. fund shareholders may now contact our service representatives from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. cst, monday through friday, at 800-245-7311.








quick links

oberweis asset management
oberweis funds shareholders
check the background of this firm on finra’s broker check











oberweis securities, inc.
3333 warrenville road, suite 500
lisle, il 60532


institutional services
800-323-6166 



©2025 "oberweis" and the "o" design are trademarks of oberweis asset management, inc. all rights reserved.
privacy
legal
terms of use
 
disclosure:
before investing carefully consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. please see the prospectus and summary prospectus containing this and other information or call 1-800-323-6166. read it carefully before investing.
the oberweis funds are distributed by oberweis securities, inc. member finra & sipc




for institutional investors only
by clicking the "continue" link, the user agrees that they have read the terms detailed and confirm that they are an institutional investor and that they wish to proceed. information contained in the institutional website is not intended for institutional investors in any jurisdiction in which distribution or purchase is not authorized.
the information on this site is intended for institutional investors and consultants to institutional investors and is published for informational purposes only. the information is directed at informing persons falling within one or more of the following categories:

a government, local authority or public authority,
a bank or insurance company
a pension fund or charity
an individual who is a "qualified client" under the investment advisers act of 1940 and has experience in investment, financial, and business matters to evaluate the risks of investing in securities
persons whose ordinary activities involve or are reasonably expected to involve them, as principal or as agent, in acquiring, holding, managing, or disposing of investments for the purpose of a business carried on by them
persons whose ordinary business involves the giving of advice, which may lead to another person acquiring or disposing of an investment or refraining from so doing

persons who do not fall into one of the above categories should not review the information contained in this site.
go backcontinue






you are leaving the oberweis securities web site
please click below to proceed.
cancelconfirm





you are entering the website of national financial services llc, a fidelity investments company (nfs).
nfs is the clearing broker and custodian for oberweis accounts.
please click below to proceed.
cancelconfirm





