





hellenic communication service: the premier website for greeks and greek-americans




















calendar of events | greek music | business & ethics | editorials & opinions | readers write

classical world and hellenic studies | hellenic genealogy & history | genealogical queries |

community & family news | books | news from greece | musical scores & audio downloads | hcs awards

smyrna & asia minor | nationwide scholarships | about us | submissions to hcs | surveys | archives | faq


















 



since the establishment of hcs in 1998 by the christos and mary papoutsy charitable foundation, the site has been visited by tens of millions of visitors. we at hcs would like to thank all persons for information submitted to hcs and especially our contributing authors for their excellent submissions covering a variety of topics of interest to the greek-american community. articles or information posted on the hellenic communication service website may not necessarily reflect the views or philosophies of the site's editors or publishers. submissions to hcs may be edited or changed in any manner without notice. 

search site: search hcs using google site-specific search engine. type in keyword(s), leave one space, type in "site:www.helleniccomserve.com" , click on "go."

weatherâ reportâ forâ greece:http://weather15.com/reg/12-greece-forecast.html 

new weblog, the new athenian, providing independent coverage on greece and the surrounding region by john psaropoulos at http://www.thenewathenian.com .

greekâ tvâ online [skai]--http://www.skai.gr/player/tvlive/
(requires windows media player)

greek music 24/7 with grecian echoes wntn 1550am--(requires adobe flash player) http://www.grecianechoes.com


 



















click on image for more information.


















click on image for more information




























































forthcoming

introduction to
hellenic genealogy

by mary papoutsy--a comprehensive guide to
																														
																														researching greek ancestry















genealogy-meaning of names






































current & recent
													
													
													articles



symbols of folk-architecture of the island lesvos: residential chimneys--by makis axiotis, with translation and introduction by mary papoutsy

tax returns in greece by end of june 2016--by christos iliopoulos, esq.

metropolis of boston 30th annual ministry awards 2016

german parliament recognizes armenian genocide on 02 june 2016

turkey tries to retake patriarchate lands

validating a foreign court decision in greece--by christos iliopoulos, esq., attorney at the supreme court of greece, ll.m.

if no will inâ greece,â who getsâ what?--by christos iliopoulos,â esq., attorney at the supreme court ofâ greece, ll.m.

how to go about buying a plot inâ greece-by christos iliopoulos, esq., attorney at the supreme court of greece, ll.m.

oregon and new hampshire cemeteries offer searchable databases for researchers, include greek surnames--by mary papoutsy

viewpoint: 2015 "honor to the greek teacher" event--by catherine tsounis

keeping yiayia (grandmother) at home--by mary papoutsy

inheriting in greece--by christos iliopoulos, esq.

market basket drama: a greek tragedy--by christos papoutsy

the archives of vatoussa: 1733-1912--a 'titanic' work by christos stavrakoglou

assistive technologies for elder care--by dr. lundy lewis of southern new hampshire university-christos and mary papoutsy distinguished chair in ethics and social responsibility

wheat of life: remembering lost loved ones--by mary papoutsy

free lectures on business ethics and corporate social responsibility now being scheduled

												
												
												
												
													
												where did the fifteen trillion dollars go? (originally posted 2002; updated 2009)





releases from 
													
													organizations




world war ii hero honored by ahepa chapter

ecumenical patriarch and primates of the orthodox church ready to begin deliberations of the holy and great council in crete

metropolitan athenagoras of belgium calls for unity against terrorism

archbishop demetrios' 10 suggestions for lent 2016

the john c. rouman classical lecture series at the university of new hampshire announces a u.s. lecture tour by dr. ioannis kourtzellis of mytilene,â greece. click here to view and download tour brochure. 

connecticut professor seeks family stories of asia minor refugees for long-termâ research project--feb 2016

zumba party charity fundraiser hosted by dop in piscataway, nj on 11 december 2015

isis burn assyrian woman, 80, in north iraq

assyrian genocide monument unveiled in sweden

rally to be held in support of indicted assyrian attorney in chicago

documentary film on assyrian genocide shown in sweden--by bar daisan (assyrian international news agency)

assyrians call on turkey's president to recognize armenian genocide

dr. eve katsoulakis inducted in nyâ methodist hospital healer's hall of fame--by catherine tsounis

greekâ institute of cambridge announces lecture by author christos papoutsy: "ola gia ta paideia--everything for the children"

harvard library acquires stavrakoglou book and vatoussan periodical

new book authored by papoutsy: everything for the children. . . at the expense of whom?

dance of zalongo history revealed in new book by christos papoutsy. click here for small jpeg flyer (110kb--set printer to "landscape" format). for full-size flyer (pdf 5.3mb), click here.

click here to browse a collection of downloadable greek recordings of 78-records from the 40s, 50s, &â 60s

the root cause of the corrupt stock market and flow of capital. the invisible hand [doc file]








upcoming events






st. methodios faith & heritage ctr open house. contoocook, nh. 

celebration of the feast of the elevation of the holy cross. blessing of the waters and diving for the cross, family barbeque, dedication and blessing of new cabins, alpha omega soccer field, open-air pavilion. free parking. saturday 17 september 2016. 


16th annual metropolis of boston golf classic. andover country club, andover, ma. afternoon tournament beginning with lunch and ending with dinner. sixteenth annual for the children event. for more information visit the url www.campgolf.org. monday 26 september 2016. 

lecture by dr. richard hunter, regius professor of greek at cambridge university, uk. event location: university of new hampshire, durham, new hampshire. hosted by the john c. rouman classical lecture series at the university of new hampshire, the college of liberal arts at the university of new hampshire (unh), and the department of classics, humanities, and italian at unh. lecture free and open to the public. additional details to be announced. 7:30pm wednesday 5â october 2016. 








new e mail address for hellenic communication service is helleniccomserve@papcoholdings.org













home page | calendar of events | greek music & art | business & ethics | editorials & opinions | readers write | nationwide scholarships|
classical world and hellenic studies | hellenic genealogy & history | genealogical queries| community & family news | books |
news from greece | musical scores & audio downloads | smyrna & asia minor | about us | submissions to hcs | archives |





southern new hampshire university

post your wedding or your child's christening on hellenic communication service!



send us your comments. 








2000 â© hellenic communication service, l.l.c. all rights reserved.
				http://www.helleniccomserve.com




