




  












national k-9® dog trainers association :  : professional dog canine doggie training trainers courses certified tips classes schools



























national k-
9® dog trainers association








about nk9dta

about nk9dta


locate a trainer

locate a trainer


selecting a trainer

selecting a trainer


tips from trainers

tips from trainers


members area

members area


links

links


































this month's training tip
does the trainer offer to provide a demonstration with a trained dog?
don’t just take the trainer’s word for it, have them show you. a qualified trainer should not hesitate to provide you with an opportunity to view his or her own personal dog or a dog they have trained. this will give you an accurate assessment of how the trainer defines a “well trained” dog. does the dog respond reliably to the trainer? do the commands or tasks appear useful to your situation? how do the trainer and the dog interact? does the dog appear to be happy? you may want to avoid working with a trainer that will not offer you a demonstration or makes excuses for their dog. a trainer’s dog is often an accurate reflection of the trainer’s abilities.
view more tips


















welcome to nk9dtaall members of the national k-9 dog trainers association 
(nk9dta) are certified professional trainers.
all nk9dta members have received certification from the national k-9® 
school for dog trainers; a professional school approved by the ohio state board 
of career colleges and schools. national k-9 has the authority to issue 
professional certification, which is recognized throughout the united states and 
around the world.
to achieve professional certification, nk9dta members have completed one 
of national k-9’s intensive courses which includes a combination 
of:

classroom instruction
hands on training experience
written testing
and extensive field evaluation under the supervision of experienced 
instructors.

the hands on instruction and feedback received by our members while at 
national k-9 cannot be duplicated by any book, correspondence course, videotape, 
or internet course.
nk9dta members have been taught the skills and knowledge from 
their study at national k-9 to pursue careers as certified professional 
trainers. nk9dta members pursue training dogs for family, service, 
industry, therapy, sport, and even entertainment. nk9dta members have experience 
in the areas of:

basic obedience
advanced obedience
behavior evaluation and modification
canine personality assessment
breed traits, kennel management
puppy evaluation and preschool
as well as utility training and confidence building.

many of our members also have experience in the training of:

retrieval
therapy dogs
assistance dogs for the disabled
scent detection, personal protection dogs
and police dogs.

some members are also involved in search and rescue organizations. the 
nk9dta also has members that are involved in various forms of competition 
including agility, flyball, field trails, french ring sport, schutzhund trials, 
and more. among our membership you will also find those who are involved in 
breeding, exhibiting, and trialing dogs through the american kennel club, 
canadian kennel club, and other dog clubs or organizations.
our members understand that a dog trainer’s education is ongoing. 
nk9dta members are encouraged to continue their education whether it is through 
continued independent study of dogs, joining professional organizations, studying 
with other professional trainers, attending seminars/workshops/conferences and 
much more.
check out our selecting a dog 
trainer page for help in how to find a trainer that meets your needs. 
click on locate a trainer to 
find trainers in your region and to determine what services they offer. thank you 
for visiting our site and we invite you to explore what the national k-9 dog 
trainers association members can offer you and your dog.











looking to hire a certified professional trainer?
if you are interested in hiring a national k-9 school for dog trainers 
graduate for your dog related business, please contact info@nk9.com.
if you are a dog owner looking to locate a certified professional trainer 
in your area, you can locate a 
trainer.


membership information
are you a national k-9 school for dog trainers graduate and not yet a 
member of the national k-9 dog trainers association? nk9dta membership is for 
graduates in good standing of the national k-9 school for dog trainers (info@nk9.com) only.
if you are a national k-9 school for dog trainers graduate and would like 
to join the nk9dta, please email your full name, graduation month/year, and 
contact information to info@nk9.com or call (614) 864-0213 for 
an application.
if you are a dog owner looking to locate a certified professional trainer 
in your area, you can locate a 
trainer.


contact us

info@nk9.com
(614) 864-0213









                      about nk9dta   locate a trainer   selecting a trainer   tips from trainers   links





legal notice and privacy policy
© nk9dta.com. all rights 
reserved.


                        website design & development by bluelaserdesign




















powered by bluelaserdesign


