
~spwenger's defensive use of firearms: the site & its logo








this site & its logo -
common sense -
basic concepts -
firearm safety -
street vs. range
handgun selection -
holster selection -
ammunition selection -
long gun selection -
instructor selection
role of the wrist -
point shooting -
shooting with flashlights -
night sights and lasers -
the naked emperor
deadly force -
a winning attitude -
just say nothing? -
s.p. wenger credentials -
useful links
favorite quotations on the rkba, politics and life in general



this site& its logo

why this website?

this website was created in response to the frustration that i had with much of what i had been reading in gun 
    magazines and some of what i saw being taught as defensive firearms training. 
it presents some general points as well as some of the controversial topics in the defensive use of firearms. 
    the naked emperor page was originally devoted mostly to differences in interpretation 
    that i may have with other instructors or writers. over time, it has become more of a catch-all for all the short 
    articles i am inspired to write from time to time.
the street vs. games page was a late addition that deals with a number of general issues
    that i have with a lot of what passes for self-defense training in many of the "shooting schools."
i hope that this site facilitates your own evaluation of the issues. unlike a book, a website is easy to modify and 
    to update. this site should be viewed as a work in progress. the chart a few paragraphs down the page shows the dates of 
    the latest updates to the various site pages. any update will be listed as an update to this page as well as for any 
    other page that has been updated.
obviously my opinion will be discernible. you can decide how well founded my beliefs and 
    opinions are.




i am a much better writer than a photographer or a subject for video recording. if you bear with me, i believe 
    that you will find at least some value in taking the time to read what i have posted.over the years, some members of my digest mailing list (see below) have contacted me with questions that 
    had already been answered on this site, leading me to believe that not all the views and information presented here get 
    absorbed on a single reading.i do not claim to be the ultimate authority in these matters. in fact, some of the 
    updates reflect my exposure to the views of others. still, if you find anything on this site to be of value, i encourage 
    you to check back here periodically. you may not agree with everything that i have to say but this material is 
    posted in the hope that it will benefit you, not me.



this website has grown as intended. during this time i have both developed and discontinued my own school and published
    three editions of a book, offered below as a free download - on this subject. i now view the website as part of a triad 
	that i offer to people who are  seriously interested in the use of firearms for self-defense:



1. the defensive use of firearms website (free access)
2. the defensive use of firearms digest (no charge)
3. the defensive use of firearms book 
    (free download)
    






why no more live training?

over a period of two decades, i traveled to all four corners of the nation and numerous points in between, spending
    tens of thousands of dollars and hundreds of hours in classrooms and ranges for my own training. for an overlapping
    pair of decades, i taught others to defend themselves with firearms, about half of that time through my own school.
increasingly, as the years went by, i received more and more e-mails of the sort, "i'd love to come to arizona to
    train with you but i can't afford the trip. can you recommend an instructor to me here in east podunk." finally, in 
    2011, i decided that i could no longer justify the cost of liability insurance and all the costs associated with
    maintaining my nra-lead instructor certifications - including continuing education - on the off chance that someone
    would actually make the trip, across town or across the country, to avail himself of the training i had been offering. 




the duf digest

i offer a free digest of news and other material on tactics and defense of our rights. the excerpts that serve as 
    introductions to the links usually include some of my own comments.
these mailings go out daily, with exceptions for those rare days when i am away from home or i am entertaining house
    guests.
as of june 10, 2013, these mailings are being done through a
   list server. click the link to 
   the server to subscribe, suspend delivery or unsubscribe. see the instructions below for change of address.

the use of the list server does not appear to have cured all problems with blockage by spam filters. i have an ongoing 
    battle with stricter and stricter spam filters, some of which seem to get installed without adequate testing. if you 
    have been subscribed to the list and stop receiving the digest, please start by checking any spam folders 
    and spam filters that your provider may use in your e-mail system. please contact your isp's tech support to inquire if 
    there have been any changes in filtering software - such issues are beyond my control.




from time to time, the list server gets blocked erroneously as a source of spam. this usually entails a delay in getting 
    the block lifted.
    i do not recall this being an issue with third-party/webmail addresses such as the free ones with services such as 
    yahoo, gmail, germany-based tutanota, switzerland-based protonmail or with those that charge a nominal fee, such as 
	australia-based fastmail or netherlands-based 
    startmail. note that hotmail addresses are blocked.
    if you value uninterrupted delivery of the digest, i recommend using such an address, even if only to receive a
    backup copy.
    i know of specific blocks by:

apple (e.g., icloud.com, mac.com, me.com, etc.)
att (e.g., att.net, ameritech.net, bellsouth.net, pacbell.net, sbcglobal.net, etc.) 
microsoft (e.g., hotmail.com, live.com, msn.com, outlook.com, etc.)

if you have one of these addresses, you will need a third-party webmail address to receive the digest mailings.




even some ongoing subscribers who have been receiving the digest regularly have, often repeatedly, had 
    interruptions in delivery. some  - including with yahoo and gmail addresses have - found the digest mailings 
    in spam or junk folders. if you check your settings in your email program, you should find options to create filters that 
    will no longer treat the mailings as spam. 
	
create a filter with a name such as "duf digest." in the "contains" section select "from" and enter "ponogonova.org" - 
	    the domain for the list sever through which the digest is mailed to you. you will then have the option to send 
		the mailings go to your inbox or, if you prefer, a new folder that you can create for them. it's probably not a bad idea
		 to create such a filter even if you've not spotted a problem yet.
	
i recommend entering "duf-digest@lists.pongonova.org" in your address book and, if your isp uses any sort of "safe 
    sender" or "approved sender" list, entering "duf-digest@lists.pongonova.org" in it. if your isp uses any contracted spam 
    filter or firewall, such as barracuda, enter "duf-digest@lists.pongonova.org" in the whitelist.
as of march 13, 2014, in a further effort to reduce the "spam score" of these mailings, each day’s digest may be 
    split into as many as three sections:

national right to keep and bear arms (rkba) issues (national issues);
state and local rkba issues (state issues);
defensive gun use (dgu), safety and miscellaneous firearm issues (incidents, etc.).

if you have been sent a computer-generated password for the list server, i encourage you to log in with it and change
    it to one that you will remember. either way, you will receive a reminder of your password on the first day of every 
    month. additionally, you can request a password reminder from the server at any time. 
if delivery stops, you can log in to see if there is a check mark in the "nomail" box for your subscription. you can 
    click to remove it but, if you see a "b" next to the check mark, that means that your subscription was suspended 
    automatically dues to excessive "bounces" and that you need to contact your isp to ask them to stop blocking the 
    mailings.
if you need to change your address, there are two options:

log in to the server to unsubscribe the old address, then resubscribe at the new address.
contact me by e-mail, telling me which address to 
    unsubscribe and which one to use as a replacement. if you wish to receive the digest at more than one address,
    please make that clear.

this is an "announce only" list - you will not be able to post messages to the list. if you are seeking that sort of 
    discussion, there are numerous online firearm forums available.




why this logo?

as to the picture, it is a smith & wesson new departure safety revolver, .38 s&w, fourth model. while i firmly believe 
    that shotguns and rifles have legitimate defensive roles, i also believe that handguns are americans' primary 
    defensive firearms.
i intentionally selected an obsolete firearm for the logo to symbolize my belief that the operator is more crucial 
    than the equipment. in fact, i rank my priorities as follows:

mental awareness: know the current status of your surroundings and its occupants. take note of people
    and things that depart from normal patterns. you should actually be able to avoid most unpleasant encounters.
mental preparedness: you must decide in advance what circumstances will trigger your use of deadly force; you 
    cannot wait until you are threatened to make the decision that you will respond with such force. once you recognize 
    that you have become a target you must become proactive.
tactics: in the simplest terms, this is using common sense to take any "unfair" advantage which will help you 
    under the circumstances. while most instructors emphasize use of cover, most attacks come at close range, where 
    side-stepping, coupled with deflection of the attack, are the crucial tactics that can give you the time to access 
    your firearm.
skill: for the shooter this includes being able to place shots where you need them in a reasonable time frame, 
    one-handed, with either hand, if need be. this is but the lowest-common-denominator example.
choice of equipment: last on the list is the actual choice of the gun and its ammunition. it's on the list, but 
    the other issues are more crucial.

in historical point of fact, this particular obsolete firearm was selected because it was obviously designed as a 
    defensive firearm, not a sporting one. additionally, it is a direct ancestor of the s&w centennial series, a personal 
    favorite.
as to the "~spwenger," this site spent its first four and a half years as a "free" site on earthlink, where 
    "~spwenger" was part of its url. 
this website deals with the defensive use of firearms, not their sporting use nor their misuse in any form. my fervent 
    desire is that these opinions may help good people prevail against those who would do them harm.




privacy

i make no effort to identify or track visitors to this site, by cookies or any other means. i have been asked to add 
    the google search feature to the site but will not do so out of respect for your privacy. you may search individual pages
    with the "find" function in your browser - usually ctrl + f. alternatively, most search engines will restrict their 
    search to a designated site, if directed to do so. for example, if you wanted a search of this site for "carbine," you
    could type in "carbine site:spw-duf.info" at your favorite search site.
while i do not knowingly share return addresses from e-mail generated from this site, such as to 
    make comments or ask questions, i cannot preclude monitoring by isp's and government agencies.
    similarly, i cannot resist seizure of my computer by lawful subpoena or warrant.
if correspondence from you would reveal indictable, illegal activity on your part, i suggest that
    you reconsider such correspondence. i have no desire to abet such activity nor to become embroiled
    in your prosecution.





buttons for site navigation are located below the chart



page additions and updates
pagehistorydate
this site & its logouploaded
24 may 1998
" "latest update
9 feb 2025
common sense?uploaded
24 may 1998
" "latest update
19 dec 1999
basic conceptsuploaded
4 dec 2011
 " " latest update
30 jul 2024
firearm safetyuploaded
24 may 1998
 " " latest update
25 dec 2020
street vs. rangeuploaded
23 feb 2011
" "latest update
26 sep 2015
handgun selectionuploaded
24 may 1998
 " " latest update
9 feb 2025
holster selectionuploaded
24 may 1998
 " " latest update
2 dec 2024
ammunition selectionuploaded
24 may 1998
 " " latest update
23 oct 2024
long gun selectionuploaded
2 aug 1998
" "latest update
29 oct 2024
instructor selectionuploaded
24 may 1998
" "latest update
26 apr 2024
role of the wristuploaded
19 dec 1999
 " " latest update
2 jan 2011
point shootinguploaded
31 may 1998
 " " latest update
20 jun 2013
shooting with flashlightsuploaded
19 dec 1999
" "latest update
22 jan 2020
night sights and lasersuploaded
19 dec 1999
" "latest update
24 jun 2022
the naked emperoruploaded
8 may 1999
 " " latest update
30 nov 2023
deadly forceuploaded
24 may 1998
 " " latest update
1 sep 2017
a winning attitudeuploaded
26 feb 1999
" "latest update
1 dec 2020
just say nothing?uploaded
27 jun 1998
" "latest update
13 feb 2016
s.p. wenger credentialsuploaded
24 may 1998
" "latest update
9 sep 2024
useful linksuploaded
24 may 1998
" "latest update
12 jan 2025






material is posted on this page for information and discussion only and
purports to be no more than the personal opinion of 
stephen p. wenger.





i make no effort to identify or track visitors to this site, by cookies or any other means. while i do not 
knowingly share return addresses from e-mail generated from this site, such as to make comments or ask questions, 
i cannot preclude monitoring by isp's and government agencies. similarly, i cannot resist seizure of my computer 
by lawful subpoena or warrant. if correspondence from you would reveal indictable, illegal activity on your part, 
i suggest that you reconsider such correspondence. i have no desire to abet such activity nor to become embroiled
in your prosecution.




copyright © 1998-2025 by stephen p. wenger
also available at no charge, a
daily mailing of news and other items of interest to gun owners



































feeling philosophical? click for an extensive collection of legitimate quotations
about the rkba, politics and life in general




also available
defensive use of firearms:
revised and updated
click image for free download or purchase of print copies





questions? comments?
stephen p. wenger
p.o. box 4227
show low az 
85902-4227
u.s.a.







