






 
the c.s. lewis festival in petoskey | northern michigan










































































































skip to content






c. s. lewis festival
northern michigan

home festival informationfestival event list event registration featured speakers history of past festivals past festival lectures  who is c.s. lewis?author biography online c. s. lewis resources  podcast about usabout the c. s. lewis festival mission statement festival endorsements festival board and staff collaboration contact us  donate 


 0



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 








 
home festival informationfestival event list event registration featured speakers history of past festivals past festival lectures  who is c.s. lewis?author biography online c. s. lewis resources  podcast about usabout the c. s. lewis festival mission statement festival endorsements festival board and staff collaboration contact us  donate 








c.s. lewis festivalwe make c.s. lewis come to life… and have since 2002!click for details on our recent offeringsc.s. lewis festivalwe make c.s. lewis come to life… and have since 2002!september 13-15, 2024


the c.s. lewis festival
if you joined us for the 2024 festival in petoskey—thank you!!
we are so grateful for your participation & support.
*new* save the date!
september 19 – 21, 2025











about the festival
welcome to the c.s. lewis festival of northern michigan celebrating the life and work of the man who created narnia.


2024 festival







2024 featured scholars & speakers
we are thankful to have had sarah arthur, sophfronia scott, and léna roy with us for 2024! please join us for next year’s festival, september 19 — 21, 2025.


featured speakers







lewis festival scholar series
join us for insightful conversations with featured scholars on our official podcast. to listen, click the button below.


listen to scholar series








why a c. s. lewis festival in northern michigan?
c. s. lewis was enthralled of what he termed pure northernnes “a vision of huge, clear spaces hanging above the atlantic (or lake michigan) in the endless twilight of northern summer, remoteness, severity.” in 2002 a group of educators, cultural leaders, local clergy, and emmy award winning producer david crouse, came together to help promote the screening of david’s television biography on lewis. the festival was thus organized to promote the magic never ends: the life and faith of c. s. lewis before it’s roll-out nationwide on pbs stations.
read more about us…





support the c.s. lewis festival


make a donation


photos from previous festivals
(click an image to view a larger slideshow)





thank you to our 2024 sponsors & donors!





david and teresa crouse | jay and laura crouse | mary ellen stroh
carrie and pete mogavero | karen crouse miller





for lodging information while attending the c.s. lewis festival, visit www.petoskeyarea.com













general inquiries c. s. lewis festival
post office box 2026
petoskey, michigan 49770

connect with usmake a donationfind us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowsign up for newsreceive festival info by email!
email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe toc.s. lewis festival email blast example: yes, i would like to receive emails from c. s. lewis festival. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: c. s. lewis festival. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contactmission statement to provide an enriching cultural experience for all people that explores the life and work of c. s. lewis through collaborations by the arts, education, and faith communities.

 








copyright 2025 c. s. lewis festival. site developed by abuzz creative








go to top

 



























































