




































    booth seating - theater seats - fixed audience seating
  


 












              



   give us a call: 901-948-6515 or send us an email


    


     home



  seating



  projects



  about us



  more


   home theater faq



  project planning guide



  seat refurbishing





  contact












    
 





      


   booth seatingcomfort   style   reliability
 booth seating is a manufacturer and distributor of seating for theaters, auditoriums and performing arts facilities, churches and synagogues, arenas, and home theaters. while stylish and comfortable, our theater chairs are built to withstand the intense use they often face in commercial settings. with dozens of chair models available, we are confident that you will find the perfect chair at a price you will like.       

view seats




    recent theater seating projects
     

  st luke's church
alessandria convention   

button




  

  bailey station assisted living
alessandria convention
  

button




  

  ann marks auditorium
convention tl
  

button




  

  nellis afb
alessandria convention
  

button










     svg vector icons : http://www.onlinewebfonts.com/icon
  









seating  fixed-back or rocker, beautiful wood or durable plastic, indoor or outdoor, budget or hi-line and vip. spend a few minutes with our line of theater seats. we think you will be impressed.
   






iso 9001  iso 9001 certification and environmentally conscious manufacturing procedures.
    



















chair installation  our theater seat installers have years of experience in the theater seating industry. they will ensure that your commercial seating installation goes smoothly.


     


seating plans for commercial seating projects, the value of a seating plan cannot be overestimated. using autocad, our engineers will produce a seating plan that contains all of the information needed to verify code compliance and to ensure a smooth chair installation.
    




great support  we are here for you – before, during, and after the sale. put our decades of experience and expertise in public seating and installation to work for you.
   


contact us contact us 
about your seating project. we can bid based on spec, or we will be happy to discuss your project so you get the chair that is best suited for your application.


    not sure how to get started with your fixed seating project?
 visit our project planning guide for commercial projects or read our home theater faq for smaller projects.


     

project planning guide


   

home theater faq




    get the right chair for your project!
 fixed back       rocker       vip       stadium   

view seats




   

 our company we have been in the business of manufacturing, distributing, refurbishing, and installing fixed audience seating since 1968. that's actual hands-on experience. the kind of experience that matters when you need your project completed on time, on budget, and free of hassles.booth seating is now in its third generation of family ownership. though we started as a small upholstery shop serving a local theater chain, we now have seating installations on four continents and offices in the united states and europe. we have the resources of a large company and the flexibility of a small business. what this means to you is that we are equally comfortable handling your large auditorium seating project as we are your small home theater project.    

learn more




   more about us booth seating is one of the oldest suppliers of fixed audience seating in north america. since 1968, booth seating has provided
fixed audience seating for theaters, auditoriums, arenas, churches, and home theaters. our
fixed audience chairs are top quality commercial grade products manufactured in an iso 9001 facility and subjected to intense durability testing by 
intertek.chair quantity doesn’t matter. whether you need 10,000 chairs for a large auditorium or church or only a few chairs for a home theater or assisted living facility, your
seating project will get the attention it needs and full support from start to finish. we can quote from a full specification or we can work more casually based on a verbal description of your needs. we’ve seen it all and done it all, and you can put our decades of experience to work for you.our 
seating projects 
have included large municipal and school auditoriums as well as individual home theaters and everything in between. we even have chairs installed on coast guard ships and oil rigs. our theater seats are made for the client who needs solid reliability, unsurpassed comfort, and timeless design. for our commercial and municipal clients, you get a chair that is designed to withstand the sort of intense use seen in commercial high-use environments. your patrons get a chair with ergonomic backs and seats carefully designed to provide maximum comfort through long performances. your maintenance staff gets a chair that is proven through decades of use to require only minimal maintenance. and, everyone gets to enjoy a chair with a classic design that will look appropriate for your venue for decades to come.larger seating projects benefit greatly from having a seating plan produced by our in-house engineering team. we have written a
project planning guide to assist with understanding the various phases of design and manufacturing and how they will impact your project.  architects and designers should consult with us early in the design phase so we can lend our expertise to help avoid many of the common mistakes when placing chairs and seating rows in an auditorium, theater, or other commercial space. but, whether your project is large or small, we can work with your digital floor plan (autocad dwg format) to produce a seating plan for your project to ensure that your chairs are placed properly in your room and adequate spacing is provided around the chairs. our seating plan will include all the information you need on your seating rows and their placement to ensure a smooth installation.we were the first company in the us to offer real
commercial theater seats for use in home theaters. everyone else is following in the path we blazed in the early 1990s. looking to achieve a real theater look for your home theater or media room seating? then, the only choice is to use real
authentic movie seats in your home theater. now your home theater is complete!and, unlike the typical loungers you see on every home theater web site, our real commercial theater chairs are created with the movie watching experience in mind. our
home theater recliners are designed to provide head and neck support as well as lumbar support so you remain comfortable and in an ideal viewing position through the longest feature films. and, you don’t sacrifice design or good looks to achieve this.  regardless of your home theater decor, we have a home theater seat to match.unlike most home theater loungers which are built to lower residential furniture standards, our
home theater chairs are built to withstand the harsh treatment that is typical for commercial environments. imagine how long a home theater seat designed for commercial durability would last in your home environment! in short, you get a home theater recliner that is reliable, comfortable, and good-looking. don’t forget to visit our 
home theater faq 
for more info on choosing, installing, and getting your best buy on the right theater seat for your home theater. each home theater order includes detailed installation instructions with images along with the proper mounting hardware for your floor type. with our instructions, you will know exactly how to install your seating rows.regardless of your seating application, we offer a variety of fabric choices from durable and colorful woven fabrics, to cost efficient synthetic leathers, to real top grain leather. we can also work with your specified fabric or a fabric that you supply. and, our theater chair offerings are nearly as varied as our fabric offerings. you can choose from a variety of fixed-back chairs such as our very popular and budget-minded
convention chair or our high-back
alessandria ls with the popular lift-up armrest. our theater rockers include the very modern
capri rocker and the classic
alessandria and
vesubio rockers among others. our
plus chairs are the perfect choice when you want to make a statement with a unique, plush, and gorgeous vip theater chair. many chair models feature our unique lift-up arms that allow you to turn your row of chairs into a loveseat. typical add-ons include cup holders, elbow pads, folding and swivel tables, and top grain leather upholstery for your home theater seat. while most commercial clients choose our durable and easy-to-clean woven fabrics, many of our residential clients enjoy the luxury of leather theater seating. the choice is yours!not sure about how to get started?  see our 
project planning guide 
for larger projects, or see our 
home theater faq 
for tips on smaller projects.don’t hesitate to call or email us. the easiest way to reach us is through our 
contact page. whether by email or by phone, we enjoy engaging with our clients and are happy to answer any questions about our theater chairs or their installation. we have been in the business of selling and installing theater seating since 1968, so you will not find a better source for information on theater seating or theater chair installation. and for larger projects, we have trained and experienced installers located all over the us who can handle your theater chair installation.enjoy the peace of mind that comes buying from one of the major u.s. theater seating manufacturers and sellers.


     share

  

 

 

 

 










   

call us


       


 usa1922 exeter rdgermantown tn  38138phone: 901-948-6515toll-free: 888-578-1160fax: 901-948-6511     

 

 





 europehollerallee 8728209 bremen germanyfon: ++49 (0)421 958 09 60fax: ++49 (0)421 673 26 5 26
  

© booth seating. all rights reserved.

















































































































  
  share by:





  


