

emachiavelli the official machiavelli site


























this 

site contains all of 
niccolò machiavelli's writings and updated commentary (see 

thoughts for today) on his work. it explains who machiavelli was and what the 

term machiavellian has come to mean. it contains summary of the and analyses of 

most of machiavelli's major writings.  


get all of 

your machiavelli information below...
 
 








 







   







dr. 
mike abrams' 

		nyc 

site    


		visit dr. mike abrams on youtube  

		dr. mike abrams' nj site












 


click here to see modern applications 

					of machiavellian principles to modern living.


machiavelli as an 

					individual was not "machiavellian." in fact, niccolò 

					machiavelli was not at all bellicose or gratuitously cruel. 

					he was erudite, analytical and even wrote comedies.  

					however, machiavelli  observed that  brutality, 

					cruelty, and duplicity were necessary for a leader to 

					maintain power.  his essay "the prince" was a tract 

					written for the florentine ruling family de medici to help 

					him obtain work.
 







 












 

      



 








the links below  include:



1) 



		3 complete outlines and summaries of the prince



2) 



a compilation of all major works by machiavelli



3) 



biographies of machiavelli and his contemporaries.



4) 



analyses of his writings and renaissance history.


 










sexuality and its disorders explores sexuality from an evolutionary perspective using powerful, real-life case studies to help readers provide effective guidance around issues relating to sexuality. drawing on his 30 years of clinical experience and research, author mike abrams provides a comprehensive, evidence-based, and clinically-oriented text with cutting-edge coverage throughout. discussions include the physical and psychological development of sexual identity; the social aspects of sexual behavior; the many expressions of sexuality; cognitive behavior treatment of sexual problems; and more. the many perspectives of sexuality are examined with interviews and commentaries from major figures in the field—including david m. buss, helen fisher, c. sue carter of kinsey, todd k. shackelford, ken zucker, and gordon gallup—who discuss such topics as the origins of sexuality, the nature of love, the role of attachment, and the treatment of sexual problems.
sage publishing site for ordering »visit site sexualitytext.com











note: some these outlines are several hundred 

pages long, allow a few moments to load.  they contain all things 

machiavelli's summaries of his writing, summary of the prince, the history of 

machiavelli's time. 


after opening one, use the 



search function of your browser to find a particular term you are seeking)










register your own domain 

and host your own site

 

 



        






an  

outline and summary of



machiavelli's the prince 

and  a summary of all machiavelli's essential ideas click here

 





note: there are 4 

summaries of the prince 


a summary of the 

prince and an examination of  machiavelli's life 

with references and quotations



 





 

 




 




 




 




 







                     



a  comprehensive compilation of  

all



of  machiavelli's books & plays 

with, analyses, and summaries

 





machiavelli 

and his political philosophy

the art of war 




 





 a detailed and 

comprehensive summary, outline and commentary of 



the prince and the history in which machiavelli wrote it.

 



 

 

 

 
 





 

 





want to see what he looked like? 
 paintings of machiavelli    

 

 




another summary of the prince 
 





 





a summary of la mandragola 

 


 




 


 
 
 








machiavelli songs 


 





the prince
description 

of methods.
the life of 

castruccio castrani 




why machiavelli still matters












machiavelli 

songs from the machiavelli musicalrs



sponsered by





       



 

		









1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2004, 2005, 

            2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014   by 
dr. mike abrams







 



courtesy of

		psychny.com the site of dr. mike 

		abrams



courtesy of 

		michael abrams, ph.d.    

		order the new peonality text by albert ellisco

		
copyright michael s. abrams, phd




psychology of new jerseyf

courtesy of 

michael s. abrams, ph.d.  for back pain 

treatment go to 
totalbodynj.com
sponsored by 
www.psychny.com 

the 
dr. mike abrams nyc psychologists site

sponsored by 

psychology of new jersey 

sponsored by enigma hair studio

 
courtesy of michael s. abrams, ph.d.

 



new york psychologist dr. mike abrams and nyc psychologist dr. mike abrams

