




  






home - sausalito chamber of commerce, ca




















 









































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






















































visit sausalito









member login









join




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






















































visit sausalito









member login









join














home

visit

things to do
let's eat
where to stay
shop like a local
visitor map
bikes busses & ferries
nautical adventures
weddings & special events
parking
parks & beaches



business

business highlight
member spotlight
small business saturday resources
join the chamber
starting a business
business education
business directory
live work & play
conference & retreats
professional services
commercial property



community

local elections
join the chamber
community info & numbers
buy local
residential services
residential real estate
community calendar
community resources
emergency preparedness 
non profits
history



chamber

board of directors
about us
why join
join the chamber
photos & video
tv20 dance party
events calendar
news
member information center
visitor map & guide



directory

business directory
art
attractions & excursions
shopping
dining
lodging
real estate



































                                                    live. work. play.
                                                

photo: ric miller











                                                    sausalito. a great place to play.
                                                

photo: katherine williams, pelican studios











                                                    sausalito. a soothing place to work.
                                                

photo: l & l realty











                                                    sausalito. a stunning place to live.
                                                

photo: nicholas steinberg











                                                    sausalito. a relaxing place to stay.
                                                

photo: sunny wu











                                                    live. work. play. sausalito
                                                

                                                    photo: kim huff
                                                


































attractions & tours







lodging







dining







shopping







artists & galleries







directory






























































state of the city




thank you to everyone who joined february 4th for the sausalito state of the city event. it was a pleasure to engage in meaningful conversations over breakfast, focusing on key topics that will shape sausalito’s businesses and residents in 2025.
a special thanks to our speakers: mayor joan cox, vice mayor steve woodside, city manager chris zapata, deputy fire chief ted peterson and fire division chief/fire marshal fred hilliard. read more>>


























2024–2025 visitor maps are available!





the “what to do” guide for sausalito visitors is now available in multiple locations in sausalito including the visitor kiosk and visitor center, available for visitors coming off the ferry and bike parking areas.


the map is also available in over 50 bay area concierges, local business, visitor centers, cruise ships, tour buses, on ferry brochure rack, chamber website and visit sausalito website exposure, sausalito chamber and visit sausalito instagram and facebook pages, vrbo and air bnb lodging and bike companies. available online 24/7.


downloadable visitor map is also available
















2024 gingerbread house tour



thank you for joining us this holiday season to celebrate the 18th annual gingerbread house tour! we had a record-breaking number of entries this year, and we’re thrilled you were part of the fun in helping select the winners.
the people's choice award will be announced during the second week of january. be sure to check our newsletter, facebook, and instagram pages for the big reveal, along with plenty of photos and exciting details!
we’re already looking forward to next year’s event and hope to see you there. stay tuned for updates!







































a tour of sausalito’s million-dollar houseboats






a tour of sausalito’s million-dollar houseboats — in the serene waters of waldo point harbor, sausalito's eclectic houseboat community enjoys everything from impromptu float-in concert performances by local musicians to informal fresh fish or ceviche sales from commercial fishermen—all set to the ever-present cries of seagulls and the gentle lapping of waves.
 
among the 400-plus floating homes along the marinas' docks are luxurious multilevel vessels with sweeping water views, decks hovering just above richardson bay's surface and price tags surpassing $1 million. it's a far cry from the community's counterculture roots in the 1960s when artists and writers, tinkerers and other fringe-dwellers claimed abandoned wartime ships as alternative living spaces. read more>>

















a vibrant getaway to sausalito with cynt marshall – dmagazine




few places in the world offer the vast diversity of experiences one can find in the bay area. on a september trip to san francisco, we spent the night in the city after watching the giants beat the dodgers at oracle park. the next morning, we hopped in the car and drove across the golden gate bridge to sausalito. despite the short distance, it seemed like a world away. read more>>















member information center




be sure you're using one of the most powerful tools of your chamber membership, the member information center (mic). this is the most valuable tool at your fingertips! log in and post your news and announcements, jobs, events, profile and more. continue>>















sausalito is a great place to do business




with over a million visitors every year, arriving by ferryboat or across the golden gate bridge, by bike and by car, sausalito is a haven for the hospitality industry, catering to the many needs and wants of the visitors from around the world.

what makes sausalito chamber so different? read more »
sausalito is unique, a great place to live, work and play. read more>>
ready to start a sausalito business? start here>>















visit sausalito guide



print edition copies of the sausalito visitor guide are available at most airports and visitor information centers and concierge in sausalito and san francisco.
to receive a printed copy, please contact our office.
get great suggestions on all things to do in our beautiful city by the bay
be sure to stop in at our visitor center downtown sausalito! #visitsausalito



















there’s only one season in paradise and it’s year round!




shop local. shop sausalito! we celebrate and promote our local boutiques and restaurants that are as unique as our seaside community. read more »














explore our quaint town—sausalito!



thank you to visit california for the feature on why everyone should visit sausalito! explore this quaint town that’s just over the golden gate bridge from san francisco
 



























members make a difference




sausalito chamber runs over 30 events and programs each year and coordinates 10 different organizational committees. join us a volunteer, help us organize successful and fun events and to keep our committtess energized and effective. read more »














visiting sausalito soon?



corporate retreats, conferences and team building. 


all of the information you need for things to know while visiting sausalito.
 
























































visitor map







hot deals







job postings





































upcoming events



 




















new members



 









 











newsletter sign-up



stay updated on recent events, news, happenings and business.
publication & information request page

















 


sausalito chamber of commerce







 











get listed all over sausalito!





we still have a few locations open, so if you've been wanting to get your business on a sign, now is the time to do so. help visitors and locals find locations like different city services and most importantly they "showcase" some of our best businesses in town!




program is open to all businesses in sausalito. know a fellow business who wants to sign up but is not a chamber member? direct their application to: chamber@sausalito.org.


















 























































































sausalito. a great place to live. work. play.

















































 sausalito chamber of commerce

  p.o. box 148, sausalito, ca 94966

  415. 331.7262

  chamber@sausalito.org






















































© copyright 2025 sausalito chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.
















 


