


autosurflog























    
	autosurflog
	
  

tuesday, april 27, 2010



	 
	 louisville celebrates tree city usa honor!
	 
    


the city has been going green for 25 years.and officials continued the commitment near a recently planted pear tree in the 500 block of e. main st.the 6 1/2 -foot tree was part of tuesday’s events as louisville hosted representatives of cities and villages in a 13-county area to celebrate the honor of being one of the national arbor day foundation’s tree city usa communities.it’s the 25th consecutive year louisville has earned the honor.“we are trying to beautify louisville,” mayor patricia fallot said. “we have a sense of pride to make our community more beautiful.”to qualify as a tree city usa, a community has to meet four standards set by the national arbor day foundation, based in nebraska city, neb. among those standards is establishing a local tree board or department. dorothy “dee” nestel chairs that board here.“the people here in louisville like the trees,” nestel said.that was apparent in years past when several street-side trees were removed during the ohio department of transportation’s highway improvement project on e. main street (state route 153).“the people were furious,” nestel said. “so (city) council decided to start a tree commission. odot (also) cut a lot of them down this year on w. main street. we will be replanting trees. we try to plant them in places where they have been cut.”other communities represented at the ceremony were other tree city usa honorees in what is known as project 6 district of the ohio department of natural resources’ division of forestry.“basically the tree city usa program honors communities that have a systematic plan to plant more trees and take care of the trees they already have so that their cities become as vibrant and healthy as possible,” said mark derowitsch, public relations officer of the arbor day foundation.



posted by garden @ 11:42 pm 

      
         0 comments






thursday, april 09, 2009



	 
	 how much sugar is in a can of soda
	 
    






posted by garden @ 4:37 am 

      
         0 comments






friday, april 03, 2009



	 
	 information collected when you browse state web pages
	 
    


if you browse or download information during your visit to this web site, we collect and store only the standard data collected by all web server software. that information is:   1. the internet protocol (ip) address used for your connection (but not your e-mail address). the ip address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your internet service provider or directly to your computer. we use the internet ip to respond to your browser request. example: 122.125.36.42;   2. the domain name assigned to your ip address (if there is one). example: somename.com;   3. the type of browser and operating system you used. example: mozilla/4.0 (compatible; msie 4.01; windows nt; ie4wdus-1998101501);   4. the date and time you visited this site;   5. the web pages or services you accessed at this site; and   6. the web site you visited prior to coming to this web site. (note: this is included so that summary analysis can be done on how visitors get to our site, i.e., from a search engine, from a link on another site, etc.)



posted by garden @ 1:58 am 

      
         0 comments






thursday, march 26, 2009



	 
	 remember the days of old, consider the years of many generations israel
	 
    


the birthplace of the jewish people is the land of israel. there, a significant part of the nation's long history was enacted, of which the first thousand years are recorded in the bible; there, its cultural, religious, and national identity was formed; and there, its physical presence has been maintained through the centuries, even after the majority was forced into exile. during the many years of dispersion, the jewish people never severed nor forgot its bond with the land. with the establishment of the state of israel in 1948, jewish independence, lost 2,000 years earlier, was renewed. archeology in israel involves the systematic investigation of all the remains of the country's past - from prehistory to the end of ottoman rule. the profusion of material remains is evidence of the many cultures that have left their imprint on the land.above all archeological research clearly reveals the historical link between the jewish people, the bible and the land of israel, uncovering the remains of the cultural heritage of the jewish people in its homeland. these visible remains, buried in the soil, constitute the physical link between the past, the present and the future of the jewish people in its country.this unbroken chain of history can be observed at sites all over the country. jerusalem, the capital of israel, has been the focus of extensive archeological activity and remains of 5,000 years of history have been revealed.



posted by garden @ 4:44 am 

      
         0 comments






wednesday, march 18, 2009



	 
	 water contamination due to oil spreads
	 
    


all oils are not the same. different oils, whether diesel for a truck or heating oil for a house or oil for an engine, all spread out at different rates. also, note that the oil floats. this seems a simple observation but it is very important. since you have a glass bowl, you can see two layers, or phases: oil and water, which do not mix. you have probably seen this before in some bottles of salad dressing. in the bottle of dressing, just like in the bowl, the oil stays on the top and the water stays on the bottom. when oil is spilled onto the ocean, because it stays on the top of the water in this same way, it can be pushed by the wind in whatever direction the wind is going. wind, along with currents and tides, are the three main factors that affect the transportation of oil during an oil spill. we look at all three of these to predict where the oil might go and what it might hit.

dental pulp stem cells in india




posted by garden @ 11:49 pm 

      
         0 comments






thursday, march 12, 2009



	 
	 repository of more and more books
	 
    


a library is a place for having group of information, sources, resources, books, and services, and the arrangement in which it is housed: it is prepared for use and preserved by a public body, an institution, or a private personality. in the more conventional sense, a library is a gathering of books. the term can mean the collection, the structure that houses such a collection, or both.public and institutional collections and services may be planned for use by people who choose not to or cannot afford to acquire an extensive collection themselves, who require material no individual can reasonably be projected to have, or who require professional assistance with their research.however, with the collected works of media other than books for store information, many libraries are now also repositories and admission points for maps, prints, or other documents and works of art on a variety of storage media such as microform (microfilm/microfiche), audio tapes, cds, lps, cassettes, videotapes, and dvds. libraries may also provide public facilities to access cd-roms, payment databases, and the internet.



posted by garden @ 3:28 am 

      
         0 comments






tuesday, march 03, 2009



	 
	 containers and wraps
	 
    


    *  only use cookware that is specially manufactured for use in the microwave oven. glass, ceramic containers, and all plastics should be labeled for microwave oven use.   * plastic storage containers such as margarine tubs, take-out containers, whipped topping bowls, and other one-time use containers should not be used in microwave ovens. these containers can warp or melt, possibly causing harmful chemicals to migrate into the food.   * microwave plastic wraps, wax paper, cooking bags, parchment paper, and white microwave-safe paper towels should be safe to use. do not let plastic wrap touch foods during microwaving.   * never use thin plastic storage bags, brown paper or plastic grocery bags, newspapers, or aluminum foil in the microwave oven.



posted by garden @ 9:32 pm 

      
         0 comments











    
	autosurflog
	
  


about me

name:  garden 

view my complete profile

previous posts

louisville celebrates tree city usa honor!
how much sugar is in a can of soda
information collected when you browse state web pages
remember the days of old, consider the years of ma...
water contamination due to oil spreads
repository of more and more books
containers and wraps
ocean beach
what causes tornadoes?
thermal printer

links


archives

august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
april 2010


subscribe toposts [atom]





 





