

career connections ny - home





















































are you ready to hire? are you truly ready to cut through processes and red tape, identify talent and get your team on the road to success? our recruiters will find the right people to help your company grow and succeed.














our niche
									career connections provides recruiting services spanning permanent placement as well as temporary and contract staffing. near to white plains and conveniently located in westchester, new york, we cover a wide territory including manhattan and southern fairfield county in connecticut. our client base ranges from sole practitioners to fortune 500 employers. we can help you with:

accounting, finance and tax
human resources
sales
legal support
it
operations and administration
marketing (including digital media)
light industrial (new division!)

in addition to the above professions and our regional westchester-based coverage, our partners can offer you assistance in the areas of graphic design and tax as well as national searches.
light industrial staffing - our newest division
									the new york metropolitan area is enjoying an increase to its manufacturing and light industrial business base.  in conjunction, career connections has launched a light industrial staffing division.  managed by derrick jones (of direct staffing), with offices in bronx, ny, we can assist you with temporary and permanent solutions, offering skilled talent in the areas of:

manufacturing workers
warehouse and general maintenance support
picker packers and driver helpers
shipping and receiving
logistics
dispatch
quality control
business development officers

contact information 
corporate staffing: 914.631.3334
light industrial staffing: 718.708.4927
e-mail us







 


 















career connections is not a franchise. we are an owner managed employment agency. our top priority is you: we work hard to match the right candidates with the right employers and would rather send no one than the wrong candidates. we will find the best people for you, we'll do this quickly and within budget.














eliminate bureaucracy
												red tape, delays, endless interviews . . . recruiting protocol can be frustrating for everyone involved.  let us eleminate this process.  using career connections, an owner managed staffing agency, guarantees immediate access to decision makers.  save time, save money, eliminate recruiting bottlenecks . . . call career connections.



reduce turnover
												the "revolving door syndrome" has become an increasingly prevalent problem and overwhelming expense in corporate america.  as a full service agency, with recruiters from traditional human resource backgrounds, we can help.  our targeted strategies eliminate the painful process of surfing 100's of resumes and meeting with all the wrong people. let us help you find the right person, the first time.




continuity
												coming from a traditional corporate human resources background, the owner of career connections recruited for an established agency for more than a decade. continuity gets you the same person on the phone, every time you call. as an employer or a job seeker, you have the advantage of experience garnered from both sides of the hiring table.
additional resources:
whether you seek an employee or new opportunity, be sure to check out our valuable resources on our "forms" page.




















career connections connections associates llc
			  corporate staffing: 914.631.3334  |  light industrial staffing: 718.708.4927 | fax 914.631.7105  | e-mail us
© careerconnectny.com			all rights reserved. design by stylish website templates.





please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


