




bounce n' fun





















bounce 'n fun







home


services


contact
















our mission
bounce 'n fun! is the premiere party rental service in chapel hill.  our goal is to provide you with hours of fun family entertainment and unparalleled service at affordable rates. try us for your next special occasion or just for fun!
see our services!













services









popcorn
our easy-to-use machine produces delicious movie theater quality popcorn with every pop. we also offer oil/corn kits and bags, sold separately. contact for pricing! 

$65/day
rent me!












snow cones
our snow cone equipment can provide an icy treat for any function. syrup and cone cups are sold separately; call for pricing. 

$60/day
rent me!












cotton candy
everyone loves tasty, colorful cotton candy. that's why we're happy to rent cotton candy machines tuned for easy operation and professional results.
candy floss and cone sticks sold separately; contact for details.

$55/day
rent me!












spin art
no mess! add creative flare to your party with our durable spin art machine. create colorful mementos kids can bring home from your party. paint included! card packs sold separately; contact for pricing.

$50/day
rent me!












karaoke
this machine is a blast for every party! over 900 songs are included with the machine, including tunes from kelly clarkson, disney, frank sinatra, james taylor, elvis and more! our expansive catalog spans decades of music and dozens of genres. the machine comes with a bigger screen for easy viewing!

$195/day
rent me!















tables, chairs, and table linens
bounce 'n fun offers tables and chairs to accomodate all of your seating needs, as well as crisp white table linens to compliment them.

contact for pricing
rent me!











set up a rental!
contact us through email or phone to set up your rental. we'll be sure to answer any questions you have.

we'll take care of


~set up and clean up
~delivery and pick up ($40 minimum)
~on-site operation tutorial.



email us


or call us at

919-942-4242















