








houston bmw service & repair shop - bavarian machine specialties





















































bavarian machine specialties

search


primary menu
skip to content
home
service

maintenance schedule
extended warranty work
oil changes
tire mounting and balancing
electronic installation
special services
fabrication
welding


performance
new customers
the shop
our team
tech tips
contact
 





search for:



 








 


bmw ownership tips

bimmertech authorized dealer 



 


current specials

current specials & coupons        click here for current specials and coupons.	



 


bmw ownership tips

did you know? 



 


bmw ownership tips

can you change the destiny of your bmw? 



 


technical articles

maintenance schedules 






houston bmw service & performance modification

craftsmanship. integrity. curiosity.
providing service, parts and performance modifications exclusively for bmws in houston tx since 1980.
our philosophy

give it attention before it breaks.
address the problem, not the symptom.
think solve rather than replace
more than the commute
for some, a bmw is more than a commuter device. it is an experience in engineering, design and construction. we embrace this mind set and offer an expertise of commitment based on our passion for the marque.
about bavarian machine specialties
our houston bmw service and repair is independently owned, not a dealer. we offer more personal attention to each customer and their bmw.  our bmw technicians have decades of experience collectively, and understand what it means to do have stellar workmanship.  we know how you feel about your bmw because we know how we feel about ours. our goal will always be to ensure the long-term dependable ownership of your bmw. our shop is not a “catch all” for german auto repair or european auto repair; our shop is dedicated to bmws.
 









houston bmw parts, service & performance

contact us bavarian machine specialties
3117 d'amico
houston, tx 77019
713-524-8365

hours of operation monday-friday
8:00 to 5:30
closed daily from 12pm-1pm
closed weekends
newsletter subscribe to our newsletter
follow us 

 
 

 




web design by jellyflea creative











we are relocating! the website will be updated with the new location when we're ready. please use our contact form for any bmw emergencies or general questions. 

contact us



















