




saint michael's alley






























home


menu


history


private events


gift cards





 book a table

140 homer ave
                  palo alto, ca 94301
               
(650) 326-2530






















home


menu


history


private events


gift cards


reservations







 book a table



















dining at

we offer a highly seasonal and continuously evolving menu.
view menu











private events at

st. michael's alley offers several options for private and semi-private functions.
learn more




















welcome
dining at st. mike's
st. michael's alley was founded in 1959 by vernon gates. it was the first coffee house on the peninsula and was named for the the alley in london which is home to its first coffeehouse, founded in 1652. st. mike's bohemian atmosphere attracted many from the beatnick era and helped launch the careers of famous musicians and writers including the grateful dead, joan baez, grayce slick, ken kesey, robert hunter, and jefferson airplane.
in 2009, saint michael's alley moved to its new location at 140 homer ave, and is a refined spot for modern californian fare, with seasonal menus made with the freshest ingredients.
book a table



















come and see
we create delicious experiences














discover
dinner menu
patio, bar, and dining rooms are open!
click: reservations or (650) 326-2530
tuesday- sunday 5:00 - 9:00  wine bottles to-go are 50% off!cocktails also available to go




start


main


sides


after







bruschetta 16-
with goat cheese and a tomato herb relish


wild mushroom cake 16-
garlic cream sauce, leek oil, crispy leeks


roasted brussels sprouts  16-
sauteed shallots, crispy bacon, tomatillo sauce


green curry mussels 20-
coconut milk, lemon grass, thai basil 


lobster tacos 20-
jalapenos, red onion, cilantro, lemon preserve aoili 


beef tartar 19-
shallots, capers, cilantro, sambal sauce and focaccia crostini 


chinese bun with braised pork carnitas -17
pickeled vegetables 


-



caesar salad 16-
romaine, caesar dressing, garlic herb croutons
+ chicken breast 9-
+ salmon 11-


frisse salad 18-
roasted beets, macadamia nuts, shaved ricotta cheese, herbed white truffle dressing 
+ chicken breast 9-
+ salmon 11-


baby spinach salad 18-
roasted pears, blue cheese, candied peach, raspberry vinaigrette 







braised short ribs with butternut squash risotto 40-
broccoli rabe, veal reduction demi glace 


blackened roasted salmon fillet $39
soba noodles, sweet peppers, baby bok choy, thai ginger sweet chili sauce 


black pepper bucatini carbonara with rock shrimp -30
tasso, egg yolk, peas, parmesan cream sauce


chicken pot pie -28
peas, carrots, gruyere cheese, puff pastry crust, arugula salad 


grilled ribeye 50-
wild mushroom ragout, potato and fennel gratin 


cassoulet with duck confit 39-
rich white bean stew, garlic, sausage, herbs, baked with parmesan and panko 


seared wild sea scallops 40-
beluga lentils, asparagus, champagne vanilla beurre blanc 


roasted rack of lamb 40-
fresh herbs, salted roasted finglerling potatoes, cauliflower,  mint yogurt 


pan seared mahi mahi 42-
fava beans, pureed baby corn, heirloom cherry tomatoes, sauteed spinach 


vegetable agnolotti 26-
peas, carrots, spinach, mushroom broth 


 -








bread basket 2-



house cut french fries 10-



beluga lentils, baby carrots, apple cider vinaigrette 10-



fingerling potatoes  10-



stir fried vegetables 10-



.








chocolate mousse 12-
orange creme anglaise 


lemon tart 12-
fresh berries, raspberry sauce 


coconut creme brûlée 12-



'namesake' cheesecake   13-
papaya and mint compote


profiteroles    13-
mint chocolate chip ice cream, chocolate sauce 


banana bread pudding  12-
butter pecan ice cream


seasonal sorbet 9-
served with a homemade gingersnap cookie



















testimonials
what our customers say



"...if there's any justice in this world, st. michael's alley will be filled to the rafters from now on."


"it's a restaurant that fits—heart, soul and food—into its time and place."


"hidden culinary gem!! had dinner last night with a friend and all i can say is this place has an beautiful ambiance and delicious food.


"st. michael's alley lures with stylish surroundings, excels with satisfying, earthy cuisine"

















contact
make a reservation
please call for reservations: (650) 326-2530


























now booking
private dinners & events














host a special evening
private events
from large parties to private dining
st. michael's alley offers several options for private and semi-private functions. events are priced by a food and beverage minimum, plus a room fee as. since our menu is seasonal, the event menu changes throughout the year. 
                        
                        find out more




































for a truly memorable dining experience reserve in advance a table as soon as you can. come and taste our remarkable food and wine.










address

140 homer ave
                                 palo alto, ca 94301
                              
p: (650) 326-2530











hours

tuesday – sunday
                                 5pm – 9pm
                              













copyright © 2024, saint michael's alley































