


christian quotes about faith, inspirational christian quotes, christian quotes about life, faith quotes, christian jokes, funny christian jokes, christian joke - welcome to christian-jokes.org your online home for humor, jokes and quotes for christians alike christian joke/jokes and quote/quotes enjoy your stay while at this christian humor website "christian quotes about faith, inspirational christian quotes, christian quotes about life, faith quotes, christian jokes, funny christian jokes, christian joke"













christian-jokes.org 
home » 

about us »

contact us



navigation

christian jokes


part 1
part 2
part 3
part 4


christian quotes


part 1
part 2
part 3
part 4


inspirational quotes


part 1
part 2
part 3
part 4


guestbook


sign
view



jokes & quotes for christians...

welcome, and thank you for visiting the christian jokes site. it's often said that spiritual minds think alike. let's now allow our beautiful, spiritual minds and hearts to laugh together.



we live in a world that sometimes seems so overwhelming, where a good laugh and a real smile are rarely ever seen or heard. this is the reason this home was created. here's a home for our christian brothers and sisters to let down their hair, laugh, and be uplifted all at once. here you will enjoy many jokes, spiritual and inspirational quotes and much more, designed to uplift and up build the soul.


once again welcome, enjoy your stay, and god bless!




^ back to top



site updates

just added


a quick update: the "send a joke/quote" script now works... we uploaded a newer version...
also look for us to add more jokes & quotes before the year is up... so glad to actually be working behind the scenes again...
thanks to all for visiting us the last few years... have a nice day...  mr. africa - july 23, 2016

20 new christian jokes - section: 1 - 2 - 3 - 4
20 new christian quotes - section: 1 - 2 - 3 - 4
20 new inspirational quotes - section: 1 - 2 - 3 - 4

note: it has been a long time coming, but here is what you've been waiting for... yes, there are over 60 new christian jokes, quotes, etc... 

also, i would like to thank all of you who continue to support the site by visiting it...  it has been a pleasure providing such a home in which 

christians can feel safe while online... on that note, sit back and do remember, laughter is good for one's soul... have a blessed day...  mr. africa - august  9, 2008









search this site     
powered by freefind












^ back to top












copyright © 2005 - 2025   thylord, inc... - christian sites for christian people... privacy policy
accredited online homeschool programs from northgate academy.




