







































    
    san diego’s premier dentist | hornbrook center for dentistry
  
  

 
















          


       home



  about us


   meet dr. hornbrook



  meet dr. souza



  meet our team



  tour our office





  frequently asked questions



  out of town?



  our services


   cosmetic dentistry and smile makeovers



  dental veneers



  dental crowns



  dental bridges



  gum recontouring



  zoom! teeth whitening



  opalescence teeth whitening



  laser dentistry



  preventive and periodontal dentistry



  sedation dentistry



  restorative dentistry



  teeth cleaning



  guided biofilm therapy





  new patients


   new patient forms



  virtual consultation with dr. hornbrook



  virtual consultation with dr. souza





  patient resources


   insurance and financing



  dental plans



  special offers



  patient testimonial videos



  patient education videos



  our dental blog





  smile gallery



  contact us



  virtual smile assessment








    la mesa dentist

   

 



we understand that trying to find a nearby dentist you can trust is difficult, that is why we make it easy for you to work with us.
    

 

 

 

 

 

 




      









 






 (619) 463-7797



     



 



















 7777 alvarado rd, suite 210, la mesa



      






 











 info@hornbrook.com









       


   

book an appointment


 (619) 463-7797english - portuguesespanish





 



        innovative dentist in san diego

     friendly team | checkmark icon | local dentist near you



early morning appointments
   flexible schedule | checkmark icon | local dentist near you



flexible financing options
   patient focused | checkmark icon | local dentist near you



life-changing veneers
   outstanding quality | checkmark icon | local dentist near you



complete smile makeovers





   
 smile with confidence


 



   "as a smile designer, i help people improve their self-image. now that i have entered my 30th year of practice, i could never have imagined how rewarding this profession would be for me."
 david s. hornbrook


 



     a black and white silhouette of a quote on a white background.
 




"fabulous experience - lobby, staff and of course krishna. there is no better dental office in all of san diego county and krishna is the very best. i highly recommend the hornbrook center for dentistry. if 5 stars is the best, then five stars for them."- nick monroe

   a black and white silhouette of a quote on a white background.
 




"i adore everyone at dr. hornbrook & dr souza’s office. they are kind, caring, respectful, and support customized needs every step of the dental process. there’s not another dental office that i could recommend higher with a personal conviction that you will be so very happy if you choose this top-notch team of dental professionals."- shayne f.

   a black and white silhouette of a quote on a white background.
 




"loved the new dental hygienist and was really thankful when i was 20 minutes late today and andrea said to come on in anyway. i received good service with a new hygienist and she was very gentle and understanding. quiet yet efficient and calm."- g. considine



    limited time special offers


 at hornbrook center for dentistry, we are committed to helping each patient receive the treatment they deserve.﻿

   
 new patient
 special﻿  $249 / $199
 
at the hornbrook center for dentistry, dr. laura souza offers two new patient specials to show appreciation for every new smile. receive your comprehensive new patient exam, dental cleaning, set of x-rays, and an oral cancer screening for $249, or receive a full comprehensive exam, an oral cancer screening, and x-rays for just $199!
 
 emergency
 for urgent care  call now
 
are you experiencing tooth pain, an oral injury, or any other urgent condition that requires emergency dental care? schedule an emergency dental appointment with dr. souza today!
 
 oral sedation
 special﻿  free
 
enjoy a relaxing treatment experience with the support of safe sedation dentistry! when you receive dental treatment from dr. souza, you'll also receive conscious oral sedation, absolutely free.


  

contact us today




    your reputable san diego dentists

dr. david hornbrook is a world-renowned lecturer and educator in the field of cosmetic dentistry. in 2020, he invited talented dentist, dr. laura souza to join his team. together, they share a goal of creating and maintaining healthy, beautiful smiles.

 



   

  reclaim your smile with cosmetic dentistry

when you change your smile, you change your entire image, and the way others perceive you. with cosmetic dentistry services at our cosmetic dentist office in san diego, a bright, beautiful smile is more accessible than ever before.



    your smile is our #1 priority, call us today

at hornbrook center for dentistry, we provide you with the information you need to make the best dental choices about your oral health. you can read real patient reviews, see before and after photos, meet our dental team, and get all the information you need about our dental office in san diego.

 



    our before and after gallery

    
 


 before
after



  
 


 before
after



  
 


 before
after





  

view more




    receive a free virtual cosmetic smile assessment in san diego, ca

get the answers you need from the comfort of your own home! hornbrook center for dentistry offers free virtual dentist consultations. simply follow the instructions below to schedule a convenient time to speak with our dentists.

     a black and white icon of a camera on a white background.




 take a photo of your smile or an area of concern.



     a black and white icon of a sheet of paper with three lines on it.
 





 fill out the form and upload your photo.



     a black and white icon of a calendar on a white background.




 we will contact you with feedback and to schedule your consult.



     

for dr. hornbrook


   

for dr. souza





 







   

book appointment


      



    la mesa dentist

   

 



we understand that trying to find a nearby dentist you can trust is difficult, that is why we make it easy for you to work with us. 

      









 






 (619) 463-7797



     



 



















 7777 alvarado rd, suite 210, la mesa



      






 











 info@hornbrook.com




  helpful links

   

 



    home



  frequently asked questions



  our dental blog



  popular links



  terms of use



  privacy policy



  accessibility statement






  practice hours

   

 



   monday
 9:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 tuesday
 7:00 am 
- 3:00 pm


 wednesday
 7:00 am 
- 3:00 pm


 thursday
 7:00 am 
- 3:00 pm


 friday
closed

 saturday
closed

 sunday
closed






   



     © 2025 
all rights reserved | hornbrook center for dentistry


  © 2025 
all rights reserved | hornbrook center for dentistry


dentist website diagnosed, treated, and cured by 
dr. marketing inc

     

 

 

 

 

 

 
























































































































































  
  share by:











