



























poets & writers | contests, mfa programs, agents & grants for writers



























jump to navigation
skip to content







 









search form


search 





 



donate
newsletter
my p&w
log in
subscribe
 



p&w on facebook
p&w on bluesky
p&w on instagram
 


main menu
publish your writingwriting contestsfind details about every creative writing competition—including poetry contests, short story competitions, essay contests, awards for novels, grants for translators, and more—that we’ve published in the grants & awards section of poets & writers magazine during the past year. we carefully review the practices and policies of each contest before including it in the writing contests database, the most trusted resource for legitimate writing contests available anywhere.more
literary magazinesfind a home for your poems, stories, essays, and reviews by researching the publications vetted by our editorial staff. in the literary magazines database you’ll find editorial policies, submission guidelines, contact information—everything you need to know before submitting your work to the publications that share your vision for your work.more
small presseswhether you’re pursuing the publication of your first book or your fifth, use the small presses database to research potential publishers, including submission guidelines, tips from the editors, contact information, and more.more
literary agentsresearch more than one hundred agents who represent poets, fiction writers, and creative nonfiction writers, plus details about the kinds of books they’re interested in representing, their clients, and the best way to contact them.more
agents & editors recommendevery week a new publishing professional shares advice, anecdotes, insights, and new ways of thinking about writing and the business of books.
more
open reading periodsfind publishers ready to read your work now with our open reading periods page, a continually updated resource listing all the literary magazines and small presses currently open for submissions.more
top topics for writerssince our founding in 1970, poets & writers has served as an information clearinghouse of all matters related to writing. while the range of inquiries has been broad, common themes have emerged over time. our top topics for writers addresses the most popular and pressing issues, including literary agents, copyright, mfa programs, and self-publishing.more
poets & writers guidesour series of subject-based handbooks (pdf format; $4.99 each) provide information and advice from authors, literary agents, editors, and publishers. now available: the poets & writers guide to publicity and promotion, the poets & writers guide to the book deal, the poets & writers guide to literary agents, the poets & writers guide to mfa programs, and the poets & writers guide to writing contests.more
find a home for your work by consulting our searchable databases of writing contests, literary magazines, small presses, literary agents, and more. 
promote your writingliterary events calendarpoets & writers lists readings, workshops, and other literary events held in cities across the country. whether you are an author on book tour or the curator of a reading series, the literary events calendar can help you find your audience.more
get the word outget the word out is a new publicity incubator for debut fiction writers and poets.more
book review outletsresearch newspapers, magazines, websites, and other publications that consistently publish book reviews using the review outlets database, which includes information about publishing schedules, submission guidelines, fees, and more.more
poets & writers directorywell over ten thousand poets and writers maintain listings in this essential resource for writers interested in connecting with their peers, as well as editors, agents, and reading series coordinators looking for authors. apply today to join the growing community of writers who stay in touch and informed using the poets & writers directory.more
top topics for writerssince our founding in 1970, poets & writers has served as an information clearinghouse of all matters related to writing. while the range of inquiries has been broad, common themes have emerged over time. our top topics for writers addresses the most popular and pressing issues, including literary agents, copyright, mfa programs, and self-publishing.more
let the world know about your work by posting your events on our literary events calendar, apply to be included in our directory of writers, and more. 
find your communitypoets & writers groupsfind a writers group to join or create your own with poets & writers groups. everything you need to connect, communicate, and collaborate with other poets and writers—all in one place.more
poets & writers directorywell over ten thousand poets and writers maintain listings in this essential resource for writers interested in connecting with their peers, as well as editors, agents, and reading series coordinators looking for authors. apply today to join the growing community of writers who stay in touch and informed using the poets & writers directory.more
mfa programsfind information about more than two hundred full- and low-residency programs in creative writing in our mfa programs database, which includes details about deadlines, funding, class size, core faculty, and more. also included is information about more than fifty ma and phd programs.more
conferences & residencieswhether you are looking to meet up with fellow writers, agents, and editors, or trying to find the perfect environment to fuel your writing practice, the conferences & residencies is the essential resource for information about well over three hundred writing conferences, writers residencies, and literary festivals around the world.more
literary events calendarpoets & writers lists readings, workshops, and other literary events held in cities across the country. whether you are an author on book tour or the curator of a reading series, the literary events calendar can help you find your audience.more
literary placesdiscover historical sites, independent bookstores, literary archives, writing centers, and writers spaces in cities across the country using the literary places database—the best starting point for any literary journey, whether it’s for research or inspiration.more
jobs for writerssearch for jobs in education, publishing, the arts, and more within our free, frequently updated job listings for writers and poets.more
establish new connections and enjoy the company of your peers using our searchable databases of mfa programs and writers retreats, apply to be included in our directory of writers, and more. 
register for classes
apply for opportunitiesreadings & workshops mini-grantseach year the readings & workshops program provides support to hundreds of writers participating in literary readings and conducting writing workshops. learn more about this program, our special events, projects, and supporters, and how to contact us.more
get the word outget the word out is a new publicity incubator for debut fiction writers and poets.more
writers exchange awardthe maureen egen writers exchange award introduces emerging writers to the new york city literary community, providing them with a network for professional advancement.more
find information about how poets & writers provides support to hundreds of writers participating in literary readings and conducting writing workshops.  
poets & writers magazinesubscribebring the literary world to your door—at half the newsstand price. available in print and digital editions, poets & writers magazine is a must-have for writers who are serious about their craft.more
current issueview the contents and read select essays, articles, interviews, and profiles from the current issue of the award-winning poets & writers magazine.more
article archiveread essays, articles, interviews, profiles, and other select content from poets & writers magazine as well as online exclusives.more
issue archiveview the covers and contents of every issue of poets & writers magazine, from the current edition all the way back to the first black-and-white issue in 1987.more
grants & awardsfind details about every creative writing competition—including poetry contests, short story competitions, essay contests, awards for novels, grants for translators, and more—that we’ve published in the grants & awards section of poets & writers magazine during the past year. we carefully review the practices and policies of each contest before including it in the writing contests database, the most trusted resource for legitimate writing contests available anywhere.more
daily newsevery day the editors of  poets & writers magazine  scan the headlines—publishing reports, literary dispatches, academic announcements, and more—for all the news that creative writers need to know.more
craft capsulesin our weekly series of craft essays, some of the best and brightest minds in contemporary literature explore their craft in compact form, articulating their thoughts about creative obsessions and curiosities in a working notebook of lessons about the art of writing.more
writing promptsthe time is now offers weekly writing prompts in poetry, fiction, and creative nonfiction to help you stay committed to your writing practice throughout the year. sign up to get the time is now, as well as a weekly book recommendation for guidance and inspiration, delivered to your inbox.more
writers recommendevery week a new author shares books, art, music, writing prompts, films—anything and everything—that has inspired and shaped the creative process.more
author readingslisten to original audio recordings of authors featured in poets & writers magazine. browse the archive of more than 400 author readings.more
advertise with usads in poets & writers magazine and on pw.org are the best ways to reach a readership of serious poets and literary prose writers. our audience trusts our editorial content and looks to it, and to relevant advertising, for information and guidance.more
customer servicestart, renew, or give a subscription to poets & writers magazine; change your address; check your account; pay your bill;
report a missed issue; contact us.more
classifiedsperuse paid listings of writing contests, conferences, workshops, editing services, calls for submissions, and more.more
subscriptions for young writerspoets & writers is pleased to provide free subscriptions to poets & writers magazine to award-winning young writers and to high school creative writing teachers for use in their classrooms.more
read select articles from the award-winning magazine and consult the most comprehensive listing of literary grants and awards, deadlines, and prizewinners available in print. 
join now













  subscribe 





craft capsule


what listening has taught me: the future is shaped by what we remember 


 





sign up


weekly update 

our free weekly e-newsletter provides links to the newest online content from poets & writers magazine, plus writing contest deadlines, job listings, and more. 

sign up 


 





from the archive


mother language: a q&a with tina chang 


 


writing prompts





you’re the inspiration 

creative nonfiction prompts 

              in a recent new york times magazine interview, dr. anna lembke, a stanford psychiatrist...            



hold on me 

fiction prompts 

              “i don’t like you, but i love you / seems that i’m always thinking of you” begins the 1962 hit...            



etymology 

poetry prompts 

              did you know that the word robust comes from the latin word robur meaning “oak...            







 


tools for writers

literary magazines910+
small presses340+
literary places640+
literary agents210+
grants & awards460+
mfa programs250+
writers retreats180+
review outlets60+
 


daily news




 february 14, 2025 
 six publishers have come together to form the stable book group, publishers weekly reports. chris gruener and keith riegert launched the collective, which merges four existing publishers—she writes press, trafalgar square books, ulysses press, and velopress—with the recently founded galpón press joining as a client, and mountain gazette books joining as a partner. staff will work across all the companies allowing the publishers to share resources as well as editorial, production, and accounting operations.
  

 february 14, 2025 
 sarah jessica parker will be this year’s recipient of pen america’s “literary service award,” and jon yaged, the ceo of macmillan publishers, will receive the “business visionary award,” the associated press reports. the awards will be presented on may 15 at pen america’s annual spring gala.
  

 february 14, 2025 
 hachette book group grew sales by 7 percent in 2024, with grand central, orbit, and little, brown books for young readers delivering “particularly exceptional results,” according to ceo david shelley, shelf awareness reports.
  

 february 14, 2025 
 the new york public library will make the archive of joan didion and john gregory dunne open to the public on march 26. the archive is comprised of 336 boxes which include reference material for the authors’ books; interview transcripts, notes, and correspondence with subjects that led to various articles; and the writers’ daybooks, in which they recorded their daily experiences in intricate detail for up to fifty years.
  

 february 13, 2025 
 san francisco center for the book (sfcb) has announced its second national mentorship award in book arts for this summer, fine books & collections reports. the upcoming mentors will be julie chen and zach clark, and applications are open until march 2. sfcb will offer two mentees a $3,000 stipend to cover program expenses, travel, accommodation, materials, and other costs. the award “provides mid-career and established artists from underrepresented communities with the opportunity to learn from professionals in the bookbinding, letterpress, and artists book fields.”
  

 february 13, 2025 
 margaret atwood will publish her first memoir, book of lives, with doubleday in november, the guardian reports. in the memoir, atwood recounts experiences from her untraditional childhood in northern canada, as well as the evolution of her writing career. “a memoir is what you can remember, and you remember mostly stupid things, catastrophes, revenges, and times of political horror, so i put those in—but i also added moments of joy, and surprising events and, of course, the books,” atwood said.
  

 february 13, 2025 
 harpercollins has announced an upcoming edition of “hansel and gretel” that will combine stephen king’s words and the late maurice sendak’s illustrations, the associated press reports. sendak created sketches for set and costume designs for the humperdinck opera adaptation of “hansel and gretel” in 1997. the new edition, which is set to be published in september, will pair those drawings with king’s retelling of the renowned tale.
  

 february 13, 2025 
 amy tan, the author of the 1989 novel the joy luck club, planned to have her archive destroyed after her death, but now her papers are going to the university of california in berkeley, the new york times reports. the archive contains sixty-two boxes of photographs, notebooks, letters, and manuscripts. tan was convinced by her longtime editor to share her archive for “posterity,” and she wanted “to clear out space in her garage.”
  

 february 12, 2025 
 faber, a renowned independent publisher in the u.k., has launched faber u.s., a new division in the united states, publishers weekly reports. faber’s international sales director, mallory ladd, will be the director of the division, which plans to publish forty books this year. publishers group west will oversee distribution.
  

 february 12, 2025 
 salman rushdie took the stand in the trial over his attempted murder on tuesday, the washington post reports. “it occurred to me quite clearly that i was dying,” rushdie testified. “that was my predominant thought.” rushdie’s 1988 novel the satanic verses was considered blasphemous by some muslims and prompted iranian ayatollah ruhollah khomeini to issue a fatwa in 1989 calling for rushdie’s death. the district attorney, jason schmidt, has said he will not bring up the issue of the fatwa during the trial, but rushdie’s assailant, hadi matar, will face federal terrorism charges in a later trial.
  

 february 12, 2025 
 arts organizations are reacting to the announcement from the national endowment for the arts (nea) that it will prioritize programs that celebrate the 250th anniversary of the united states and defund a program that supports diversity, equity, and inclusion, and underserved communities, npr reports. the funding that has been cut primarily served small organizations that have “limited access to the arts relative to geography, ethnicity, economics, and/or disability.” the nea also stated that applicants must adhere to “all applicable executive orders” from the white house.
  

 february 11, 2025 
 court documents show that meta shared terabytes of pirated material to train ai models and that employees expressed ethical concerns about the practice to one another, pc gamer reports. one meta employee wrote in an e-mail, “using pirated material should be beyond our ethical threshold,” adding that the databases they were using were “distributing content that is protected by copyright and they’re infringing it.” the company ultimately operated in what one ai researcher called “stealth mode” concealing the piracy by only downloading articles and books “outside official facebook servers.”
  

 february 11, 2025 
 salman rushdie, who wrote the memoir knife: meditations after an attempted murder (random house, 2024), will face his attacker in court, npr reports. the trial of his assailant, hadi matar, who has plead not guilty to charges of attempted murder and assault, began on monday.
  

 february 11, 2025 
 thirty-eight international organizations in the creative arts—including the association of american publishers through the international publishers association—have released a collective statement calling for the regulation of artificial intelligence development and emphasizing the importance of respecting copyright, publishers weekly reports. other signatories include the european council of literary translators’ associations, the european writers’ council, and the international authors forum.
  

 february 11, 2025 
 yale library has awarded two prizes for the highest achievement in american poetry. arthur sze has been announced the winner of the 54th bollingen prize for american poetry, which includes a cash prize of $175,000. sze is the author of twelve books of poetry, a chancellor emeritus of the academy of american poets, and a fellow of the american academy of arts and sciences. major jackson is the first recipient of the recently created patricia cannon willis prize for american poetry, which includes a cash prize of $25,000. the book prize recognizes jackson’s collection razzle dazzle: new and selected poems 2002-2022 (norton, 2023).
  

 february 10, 2025 
 kelly jensen offers strategies for critically reading press releases from the federal government for book riot. jensen analyzes the department of education’s announcement that book bans were a hoax and presents evidence of book censorship.
  

 february 10, 2025 
 adam gopnik writes for the new yorker about the story behind lillian ross’s famous profile of hemingway, which the public perceived as ridiculing the renowned novelist. letters between the friends reveal hemingway as “admirably stoic and steadfast” about the piece, according to gopnik. in one letter to ross, hemingway writes: “i always explain to people that we are good friends and that you had no malice toward me and they act as though i were getting soft in the brain and could not tell when i had been devastated and irreparably harmed.”
  

 february 10, 2025 
 israeli police raided a palestinian-owned educational bookshop in jerusalem, citing a children’s book as evidence of inciting terrorism, and detained two of its owners, mahmoud and ahmed muna, the guardian reports. protestors gathered outside the courthouse to support the munas, including the pulitzer prize–winning author nathan thrall, and diplomats from nine countries were present at the hearing. the human rights organization b’tselem called for the immediate release of the two men.
  

 february 10, 2025 
 the emerson collective, the llc founded by laurene powell jobs, is helping indie bookstores develop community outreach as well as “not-for-profit and hybrid business models that could help them ‘supercharge’ their programming,” publishers weekly reports. will ames, the portfolio director for philanthropy at the emerson collective, called booksellers “curators” who excel at executing “mission-related work” like readings, educational projects, and literacy programs, adding, “i want every small town that needs a bookstore to have one that is really thriving.”
  

 february 7, 2025 
 the national endowment for the arts (nea) has released the updated guidelines for the 2026 application cycle for grants for arts projects along with a legal requirements and assurance of compliance page, which states applicants must comply with all executive orders.
  

 


literary events calendar


february 18, 2025different dude – rod benson in conversation with travonne edwardsthe national arts club7:00 pm - 8:00 pmfebruary 18, 2025brooklyn poets | how to become your work’s best advocateonline6:30 pm - 9:30 pm estfebruary 19, 2025las rebeldes putinoika: carmen boullosa, giannina braschi, nuria morgadomacaulay lecture hall6:30 pm - 8:00 pm 


readings & workshops

alla abdulla-matta presents her work at the ninth annual connecting cultures reading. the event took place at the center for book arts in new york, new york on may 15, 2018. 
 (credit: margarita corporan)poet juan delgado at the cholla needles monthly reading. the event took place at space cowboy books in joshua tree, california on october 7, 2018. 
 (credit: bob deloyd)marty carrera at the seventeenth annual intergenerational reading. the event took place at barnes & noble union square in new york, new york on june 23, 2018. 
 (credit: margarita corporan) 


poets & writers theater


bridget jones: mad about the boy | official trailer

 

watch the trailer for bridget jones: mad about the boy, a film adaptation of the 2013 novel of the same name by helen fielding. renée zellweger, hugh grant, colin firth, and emma thompson reprise their roles in this fourth installment of... more 







 


audio





the world with its mouth open by zahid rafiq 


page_one_the_man_with_the_suitcase_mixdown.mp3

 

 






most recent items

agents & editors recommend




faye bender of the book group 

          2.12.25        

          “as you read books by writers you admire in a wide variety of categories, make note of who you think does specific things beautifully.”        

read more 



magazine




the luminous life: our twentieth annual look at debut poets 

          by india lena gonzález | special section         

ten debut poets who published in 2024 generously share the inspiration, advice, and writers block remedies that have sustained them through their literary journeys. 

read more 



magazine




ten questions for margie sarsfield 

          by staff | ten questions 2.11.25        

“nothing makes a clunky sentence more obvious than saying it out loud.” —margie sarsfield, author of beta vulgaris


read more 



magazine




what listening has taught me: the smallest part of your world 

          by nyssa chow | craft capsules 2.10.25        

oral historian nyssa chow considers how small routines and rituals tell larger stories.


read more 



writers recommend




tree abraham 

          2.5.25        

          “when i am stuck, i return to these folders until envy thrusts me back to making, their luster still lingering on my fingertips so that my words pass through theirs as i type. ”        

read more 



agents & editors recommend




patrik henry bass of amistad books 

          1.26.25        

          “i recommend that one write to the human condition. loneliness. anger. vanity. pride. all universal feelings are not assigned a race. ”        

read more 



magazine




writing about family: the kitchen drawer 

          by rebecca rainof | craft capsules 1.27.25        

writer and scholar rebecca rainof offers advice on writing about family by considering how “pockets of place can convey a larger sense of home.”


read more 



magazine




how the light gets in: the moon 

          by kelly link | special section         

when “normal” fails, embrace the strangeness and possibility the night can provide. a renowned fiction writer recounts the uncommon delight of inviting others to join her in writing under the moon.  

read more 



magazine




the time is now: writing prompts and exercises 

          by staff | the literary life         

write a poem about the pains and pleasures of cold weather, a short story that brings together an unexpected series of events, or an essay that contemplates companionship. 

read more 



 







 





 


classifieds

writing contests, conferences, workshops, editing services, and more.

view classifieds
buy classifieds

 


jobs for writers

search for jobs in education, publishing, the arts, and more.

view jobs
post a job

 






 








 



subscribe
gift subscription
advertise
donate
newsletter
help
about us
contact us
privacy policy
 



© copyright poets & writers 2025. all rights reserved. 





x


 



























