













clawfoot tubs, and clawfoot tub faucets for your dream bathroom






















 menu











 



sign in  |   go to my account

									      														
									
view shopping cart   
									



call us toll free (888) 752-3027















home
inspiration gallery
specials
categories

acrylic clawfoot bath tubscast iron clawfoot tubsclawfoot bathtub faucetsshower enclosure setssink faucetssinks & vanitiessupply lines, drains, partstub accessorieswooden bathtubs


information

view cart/checkoutshipping informationour guaranteecommon questions (faq)returns & exchangesprivacy privacyterms & conditionsabout uscontact us 

manufacturers

alficambridge plumbingcanyon bathtubschemcoreclassic clawfoot tubscomplex industrieshandcrafted metalkingston brassrestoria bathtubsstrom plumbing


my account
search
view cart/checkout













 
















search








 include descriptions













categories






acrylic clawfoot bath tubscast iron clawfoot tubsclawfoot bathtub faucetsshower enclosure setssink faucetssinks & vanitiessupply lines, drains, partstub accessorieswooden bathtubs











information







view cart/checkoutshipping informationour guaranteecommon questions (faq)returns & exchangesprivacy privacyterms & conditionsabout uscontact us











manufacturers






please selectalficambridge plumbingcanyon bathtubschemcoreclassic clawfoot tubscomplex industrieshandcrafted metalkingston brassrestoria bathtubsstrom plumbing














 create the bathroom of your dreams!



beautiful clawfoot tubs, vintage bathtub faucets and more...
classic clawfoot specializes in modern and vintage reproduction clawfoot tubs, clawfoot tub faucets, freestanding pedestal tubs, fixtures, and the bathtub plumbing to put it all together. 
our products are exciting, eye-catching, and guaranteed to add a sense of luxury to your bathroom space. 





acrylic clawfoot bath tubs
cast iron clawfoot tubs
clawfoot bathtub faucets


shower enclosure sets
sink faucets
sinks & vanities


supply lines, drains, parts
wooden bathtubs








increase home value with a claw foot bathtub & an antique tub faucet
few things increase the resale value of your home like the alluring atmosphere of a stylish and relaxing bathroom retreat with clawfoot tub. your bathing space can become a haven of style, artistic craftsmanship, or historic  ambience.

we can help you create a unique and personal bathroom space that showcases your new clawfoot bath tub as a beautiful focal point.
click image to play video
each time you step foot inside, you will be instantly transported into your own personal spa-like oasis. it's sure to make a grand impression on all who enter. 

the bathroom of your dreams is at your fingertips.  assemble your bath with the finest quality cast iron bathtub or acrylic clawfoot tub to create a look of comfort blended with style. then, compliment the ensemble with an old style antique claw foot bathtub faucet, elegant bathroom vanity, soap tray, and other clawfoot tub accessories. 

you can design your bathroom to be authentically vintage, or modern and elegant. you may even choose the unique style of a copper bathtub, the old fashioned appeal of a handcrafted wooden bathtub, or the clean modern look of a pedestal tub. 

in addition to claw tubs and freestanding bathtubs, we at classic clawfoot tubs also carry a large selection of vessel sinks, shower enclosures, vanities, supply lines, and drains to help complete your bathroom remodel. 

the best part, is that all of these elements to create your dream space can be found here at some of the best prices on the market.  furthermore, as an extra special benefit, we offer free shipping on all orders regardless of weight.  so whether it's a farmhouse sink, a claw foot tub faucet, or a couple of large cast-iron clawfoot bathtubs, you won't have to stress over what delivery costs may be -- it's all included!  
plus, your absolute satisfaction is always 100% guaranteed! 

so take few moments to look through our collection, and let your imagination paint you a picture of yourself relaxing in clawfoot tub soaking bliss.  your dream bathroom is only a few clicks away!to get started, choose a product category above, or a featured item below 


 featured products

















67" cast iron slipper clawfoot tub w/lions feet

this luxurious 67 inch cast iron slipper clawfoot tub is made specifically for comfort.the elegant design of this slipper clawfoot tub features a gently sloping backrest that provides a relaxing and revitalizing experience.    this cast iron beauty will enhance the ro...
$2,349.00w/ free shipping













clawfoot tub british telephone faucet w/ hand-held shower

this classic british telephone faucet with hand-held shower unit is perfect for a clawfoot tub.    this timeless claw foot tub faucet design is one of our most popular models. with its stylish appeal and desirable hand-held shower unit, this faucet radiates class and ele...
$472.00w/ free shipping













71" cast iron double ended slipper clawfoot tub w/imperial feet

if you are one of the lucky who has the extra space in your bathroom, this gorgeous double ended slipper tub is exactly what you’re looking for.notice the unique design and gently sloping edges, a clear departure from the typical shaped slipper tubs in this class.  ...
$2,649.00w/ free shipping
















 
 



















   
 









specials













71" cast iron double ended slipper clawfoot tub w/imperial feet
$2,649.00     $2,995.00
















best sellers







waste/overflow drain kit -- clawfoot bathtub drain (standard)
center hot/cold button replacements for faucet cross handles - porcelain buttons
rubber cone washer
hole covers for hot/cold clawfoot tub drillings
deck mounted supply lines w/ shutoff valves -- deck mount supplies












 





 


specials    |    advanced search    |     go to my account    |     sign in

						copyright © 2025 classic clawfoot tubs



















 









