


	home
























            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




toggle navigation








ireland army health clinic


                    ireland army health clinic
                






search


search this site: 


search




search this site: 


search













getting care



appointments & referrals
            


visitor guidelines
            


driving directions
            


military health system nurse advice line
            


my military health
            




health services



primary care



family medicine
            


active duty
            


internal medicine service
            


pediatrics
            


pregnancy
            


routine adult care
            


immunizations
            




preventive care



nutrition services
            


preventive medicine services
            


army wellness center
            


community health nursing
            


environmental health



food handling
            


food handlers course
            




industrial hygiene
            


covid-19 vaccine
            




contraceptive care
            


urgent & emergency care



emergency medicine



triage
            


what is an emergency?
            


ambulance service coverage
            






mental health
            


lab tests & radiology



radiology



ct scan
            


mri
            


mammography
            




laboratory
            




specialty care



allergy/immunology service
            


cardiology
            


dermatology
            


gastroenterology services
            


hematology/oncology
            


infectious disease clinic



travel medicine
            




urology
            


chiropractic
            


occupational therapy



carpal tunnel syndrome
            


contrast baths
            


cubital tunnel syndrome
            


dequervains tenosynovitis
            


dupuytren's contracture
            


ganglion cysts
            


homemade heat and ice treatments
            


lateral epicondylitis
            


medial epicondylitis
            


median nerve gliding exercises for carpal tunnel syndrome
            


tendon gliding exercises for carpal tunnel syndrome
            


trigger finger/thumb
            




physical therapy
            


traumatic brain injury (tbi)
            


occupational health
            


army hearing program
            




case management
            


dental



dental clinics
            




pharmacy
            


vision / optometry
            


women's health & pregnancy
            


readiness
            




patient resources



forms
            


faqs
            


policies
            


customer service
            


dha office of the inspector general
            


edis
            


healthcare resolutions
            


how'd we do?
            


medical records / roi
            


mhs genesis
            


mhs notice of privacy practices
            


patient affairs
            


patient & family-centered care
            


patient rights & responsibilities
            


related links
            


virtual education center
            




news & gallery



articles
            


videos
            


dha health news
            




clinics



camp atterbury clinic
            


blue grass army depot
            


detroit arsenal
            




about us



careers
            


contact us
            


directory
            


about the dha
            


about the mhs
            


our history
            


leadership



commander
            


command sergeant major
            






tricare
		
















the ireland army health clinic and pharmacies will be closed until noon february 20 for training.

 
































my military health: improving the patient experience
great health care is more than just appointments and treatments. with my military health, you’ll enjoy a simpler health care experience – with more opportunities for virtual care. powered by advanced digital tools, my military health helps you engage in your health when, where, and how you need to. learn more about dha's new model of care!

















my military health scheduled virtual visits
ireland army health clinic announces a new virtual health care tool – my military health scheduled virtual visits.

















visit our new virtual education center!
the defense health agency’s virtual education center is an online educational platform with more than 50,000 resources covering 60 medical topics. the virtual education center puts the power in your hands to research health topics before you talk to your provider.

















the military health system's new electronic health record
the military health system's new electronic health record is here at ireland ahc!

















women's health & pregnancy
find out how to get the care you need.






















quality and safety reports






make an appointment






connect with a patient advocate














 tricare news and updates







news







                        learn how to get care from dental specialists with the tricare dental program
                        
                    

                        if you’re a tricare dental program member, you might need to see different types of dentists for specific tooth and mouth problems. luckily, the tdp, administered by united concordia, offers a wide range of specialists in conus and oconus locations.
                        









news







                        tricare west region contractor transition: what to know if you live in the west region
                        
                    

                        on jan. 1, tricare began delivering health care under its new regional contracts. this means that triwest healthcare alliance is now the contractor for the tricare west region, including six states that moved from the east region. the defense health agency is aware that some west region beneficiaries have experienced challenges since jan. 1. together, the dha and triwest are actively implementing strategies to address these concerns.
                        









news







                        tricare pharmacy network expands with addition of kroger pharmacies
                        
                    

                        on feb. 5, the kroger family of pharmacies rejoined the tricare pharmacy program network. this means that tricare beneficiaries now have access to over 2,200 additional network pharmacies across 35 states.
                        









local news







                        tricare message to west region beneficiaries
                        
                    

                        a message to west region tricare beneficiaries from the defense health agency director.
                        









        more
        









  ireland army health clinic news







news







                        scheduled virtual visits
                        
                    











news







                        ireland army health clinic employee, army veteran awarded purple heart
                        
                    











news







                        command sgt. maj. alexander l. poutou, medical readiness command, east, visits ireland army health clinic
                        
                    











news







                        u.s. army lt. gen. telita crosland, defense health agency director, is greeted by col. scott m. farley and command sgt. maj. bradford l. webster of ireland army health clinic during crosland's visit here july 9. 
                        
                    











        more
        











i want to...

update my information in deers
learn about case management
see the latest news
see what tricare covers
find a doctor
enroll or purchase a tricare plan
manage my tricare prescriptions
view my tricare referrals/authorizations
see mhs' notice of privacy practices
change my primary care manager
file or check a tricare claim
connect with a patient advocate





























dod safe helpline






988 suicide & crisis lifeline






dod sexual assault prevention and response office
















don’t forget to keep your family’s information up to date in deers! 























ireland army health clinic
200 brule st.
fort knox, ky 40121
usa







stay connected












email updates

sign up to receive tricare updates and news releases via email.
 
patient advocate
phone: 502-626-9736
email: dha.knox.ireland-ahc.mbx.patient-rep@health.mil










www.tricare.mil is an official website of the  defense health agency (dha), a component of the military health system.
tricare is a registered trademark of the department of defense (dod), dha. all rights reserved.
the appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the dha of non-u.s. government sites or the information, products, or services contained therein. although the dha may or may not use these sites as additional distribution channels for department of defense information, it does not exercise editorial control over all of the information that you may find at these locations. such hyperlinks are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this website.
some documents are presented in portable document format (pdf). a pdf reader is required for viewing. download a pdf reader or learn more about pdfs.











need to submit a claim?
send it to the correct claims address.
need technical help?
find the right contact info for the help you need.
dha address
7700 arlington boulevard
suite 5101
falls church, va 22042-5101

    
 














privacy policy
privacy program
information quality
open government
plain writing
accessibility/section 508
fraud & abuse
foia
no fear act
usa.gov









hosted by defense media activity - web.mil












