


 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close


world messengerwelcome to my home page
in this first paragraph, i should introduce myself, my business, my club, or my reason for building a web site.  i can use the subheadings below to give detailed introductions, or i can just summarize the introduction here.  i could also give visitors tips for navigating my site what's located under each button, for example.

listing site updates
under one of these subheadings, it's a good idea to list recent updates to my site so that visitors, especially return visitors, can check out the new stuff first.  for example, i could list the date and a brief description of the update:

7/16/00   added pictures of my vacation to the photo page.
6/25/00   updated the team schedule for the fall 200 season.
5/30/00   added information about a new product my business offers.
i could also list updated news about my site's topic.  for example, if my site were about a particular sport, i'd could discuss the outcome of a recent competition.
captions for pictures
adding captions makes my pictures more interesting.


notifying visitors of site enhancements
another idea for my home page's text is notifying visitors about the enhancements i put on my site.  for example, i want visitors to sign my guestbook or fill out my survey form e-mailer to answer questions about my site, my business, or my site's topic.
send an email
getting rich quick from my site!
i might not want a large amount of text on my home page if i want to guide visitors toward my other pages. instead of text, i can add others' buttons to this first page, and i'll be rewarded for people who click on the buttons.  for example, if a visitor signs up for a visa using the nextcard button on my site, i earn at least !


madda | winmyanmar | web-hosting | weblandia | ebus | feeble | alexdelpiero | mios | world messenger | academyawards






