



the capitol steps - we put the mock in democracy
































    photo flashbacks
    




	the capitol steps are on instagram. visit us to
    
remember what live performances were.
	



    whip your flurds
    




lirty dies followed a great political tradition: you're not quite sure what you're hearing, and we're not quite sure what we're saying. 
    





    read the reviews!
    


    "just hysterical!"...
    read how
    
     "neither party is safe from ridicule" — new jersey stage


    trump himself would
    
    "enjoy the show bigly" — in the news & observer



    "capitol steps make politics fun again" — review from the o'colly.
    


    "a machine gun of comedy" — review from dc theatre scene.
    


    "outrageously funny" —  suffolk center for cultural arts.
    


    "great place to go on a date...fair and balanced." — review from dc metro arts.
    




    how were the capitol steps like the trump administration?
	


    read a 
    
citybeat interview
    with co-founder elaina newport about how songwriters and performers used to keep up during fast-paced times.
    










	we put the mock in democracy!
	








we are sad to announce 
            that the capitol steps have turned off the stage lights.  like many in the entertainment business, we simply weren't built to survive going a year or more without live performances.  
            


            on the bright side, when we first started as a senate office christmas party, we never imagined we would travel the country and 
            
            perform for 39 years!
            it's been a fun ride!
            


            so, thank you to all the npr stations who have played our specials, and all the agents, venues and companies who have booked us over the years.  
            

            thank you to all the 
            
            awesome performers
            who learned songs on frighteningly short notice and brought their hilarious characters to the stage.  thanks to the road crew who made us sound good, and the pianists who changed keys and followed our performers without missing a beat. 
            

            and — most importantly —  thank you to all our fans who have bought tickets to our show.   you kept us going all these years!   and who knows?  maybe someday we will gather for a reunion concert under the chelsea clinton administration!
			









