

















meyda lighting - custom made lighting manufactured in the usa
 
 
 
 
 






















home
products








portable lamps


table lamps


floor lamps

 - bridge arm
 - torchiere
 - traditional

lighted sculptures


figurines


night lights




shade only


all shades


fan light shades


tiffany and copperfoil shades


lily, tulip, pate-de-verre


fabric, fringe, parchment


schoolhouse


bent glass and metro fusion









ceiling lighting


chandelier


chandel-air


flush mount


inverted pendant


oblong, billiard pendant


pendant


pot racks


semi flushmount




bases and hardware


lamp bases


ceiling hardware


wall hardware


misc.




build your own craftsman fixture





wall lighting


one light


two lights


three lights


four or more lights


vanity




furniture and decor


tables


fireplace screens


stained glass panels


decor


gift items




swatches


lenses


finishes


metal-tex


weave-tex



















custom design













hospitality and commercial lighting

														hospitality such as resorts and restaurants and lodges; and commercial projects including office buildings, malls and other spaces.
													










residential custom lighting

														custom lighting can be specified for residential including mansions, multifamily and camps.
													










rustic lighting

														 this rustic made-to-order offering comprises stunning silhouettes of wildlife, animals, acorns, pinecones and other motifs found in the mountain and lake regions across the northern hemisphere.
													










outdoor lighting

														options range in scope from wall fixtures and post mounts to elaborate outdoor chandeliers and lanterns.
													







collections

















antlers

																capture rustic charm with lighting fixtures handcrafted using sustainably harvested, naturally shed antlers.
															













copperfoil: tiffany and stained glass

																hand-cut and hand-soldered pieces of authentic stained glass using meyda tiffany copperfoil construction technique.
															













craftsman signature series

																handsome american-made indoor/outdoor lighting fixtures created from high-quality materials. 
															













outdoor lighting

																features a range of rustic, custom, led and decorative fixtures designed for porches, patios, outdoor kitchens and other exteriors.
															
















crystal

																rich luxurious crystal is used to create distinctive lighting design statements in residential, hospitality and commercial environments.
															













metro & glass fusion

																traditional workmanship and high fire kilns are used to slump and fuse glass in the old world tradition.
															













schoolhouse & revival

																schoolhouse glass pendants and other fixtures represent authentic classic designs of yesterday.
															













2nd ave

																2nd ave lighting offers a wide variety of made to order customizable designs.
															
















led and title 24 compliant

																energy efficient lamps and lighting fixtures illuminated with leds (light emitting diodes).
															













old forge and rustic

																artisanal decorative product line that delivers broad range of nature inspired lighting and home decor styles-- wildlife, pinecones, acorns.
															













quality bent glass

																timeless masterpieces created with century old tools, technologies and techniques to create classic lighting designs.
															













quickship

																reduced lead times on over 3,600 items.
															









portfolio

portfolio
slideshow
media
blog


about us

history
made in usa
how to buy
contact us


dealer login





 
 
 
























sales@meyda.com      800-222-4009 








search


















your one stop shop for lighting
meyda lighting has been making the world more beautiful with decorative lighting for over 50 years. thousands of styles are available, with new designs created every week. share in the impeccable quality, style and american craftsmanship as we take our creative talents to the next level.
view new items browse portfolio










custom lighting




lighting designed just for you
with a complete team of engineers and nearly every manufacturing process under one roof, we deliver superior quality, award winning designs and stringent lead-time management.  ➜






rustic lighting




nature inspired lighting and decor
the rustic made-to-order offering comprises stunning silhouettes of wildlife, animals, acorns, pinecones and other motifs found in the mountain and lake regions across the northern hemisphere. ➜






tiffany lighting




hand-crafted tiffany lighting

                                we offer the world's most extensive collection of stained glass lamps, fixtures and windows including tiffany reproductions and meyda original designs using our famous copperfoil construction technique. ➜

































quality craftsmanship


                                            american artisan-crafted contemporary luminaires are modern marvels of engineering and design with unique elements, ranging from halo rings to atomic styled orbs. not just limited to energy efficient leds, our latest offering features ultra-thin oleds that use nanotechnology for glare-free light and visual comfort. in addition to custom lighting fabrication, meyda lighting provides contract metal-cutting and other capabilities to meet the production needs of various manufacturers that build products in the u.s.
                                        

about meyda lighting




























features
not just limited to one of a kind pieces, meyda custom lighting provides scores of themes for various projects across a range of market segments. no project is too large or complex. 






design & engineering
work closely with our engineering team to verify installation specifications including weight restrictions, wattage and amp requirements, hardware, and assembly instructions. 






custom finishing
the crowning touch for any meyda lighting decorative piece is the finish, and when it comes to the finish, process is everything. over the years, we have developed a myriad of meticulous finishing techniques. additionally we’ve purchased state of the art application equipment and invested in technologies. 










custom sized fixtures

                                        scalability is important in today’s changing marketplace. it’s important to work with manufacturers that can create statement pieces in nearly any size– from the massive grand styled chandeliers, to mid-sized ceiling mounts and wall sconces, to delicate mini pendants.
                               
                                    






modern architectural & commercial lighting
american artisan-crafted contemporary luminaires are modern marvels of engineering and design with unique elements, ranging from halo rings to atomic styled orbs. meyda lighting provides contract metal-cutting and other capabilities to meet the production needs of various manufacturers that build products in the u.s.












featured projects

meyda custom lighting has developed innovations, technologies, engineering and value that transcend architectural lighting. for over 30 years, our custom lighting has been specified in a broad range of prestigious residential and commercial spaces around the world. 



instagram.com/meydalighting


browse our portfolio









the william vale hotel
grand splendor and contemporary chic were key ingredients used to create custom architectural lighting for the william vale hotel in brooklyn, ny. 










mystique restaurant
when asked to create statement pieces to enhance the asian influenced restaurant decor, meyda lighting manufactured custom pendants and chandeliers for mystique asian restaurant and lounge at encore boston harbor.










ryland inn
the ryland inn in whitehouse station in new jersey was looking for beautiful decorative lighting to complement coffered ceilings in the newly built reception area for weddings, parties and special events. 












get in touch
                            
                            with us

if you're looking for a custom item or quote - contact us anytime!







                                thanks for filling out
                            the form!
                            

                                oops...! some
                            problem!
                            












send


















































800-222-4009

sales@meyda.com



55 oriskany blvd, 

yorkville, ny 13495




products

portable lamps
ceiling lighting
wall lighting
bases and hardware
furniture and decorproduct families



custom designed lighting

tiffany lighting
commercial lighting
rustic lighting
outdoor lighting
residential lighting






links

contact us
about us
portfolio
showroom
careers
glossary
2nd ave



sign up for our newsletter
subscribe to our weekly product updates and other announcements.





thanks for singing up for our newsletter!








>














                        © copyright 2024 meyda lighting - all rights reserved
               
                    
















