














david w. wilson college of business | david w. wilson college of business













      skip to main content
    














open menu

















request info


visit


apply



open menu












request info


visit


apply























about uni

about open dropdown






history & traditions


office of the president


administrative departments




academics

academics open dropdown






majors, minors & degrees


pre-professional preparation


online & distance education


colleges & departments


honors program


student research


study abroad


office of the registrar


academic advising




admissions & aid

admissions & aid open dropdown






freshmen


transfer students


graduate


online & distance education


international


tuition & fees


financial aid




student life

life on campus open dropdown






health & safety


housing & dining


student health & wellbeing


career services


cedar falls & waterloo


campus map




            support uni
            
support uni open dropdown






uni alumni association


uni foundation


give to uni






athletics


calendar






myuniverse
directory
elearning
a-z index
rod library
email





facebook


x/twitter


youtube


linkedin


instagram

 

close menu






breadcrumb

uni home

                  david w. wilson college of business
              


















david w. wilson college of business








 


























      david w. wilson college of business
    
get ready for business®join a top-ranked business college today. your future self will thank you.preparing you for a fulfilling career, a successful future, and a life you’re proud of are core beliefs in uni’s business college. this is about having a meaningful life that you’re excited about after graduation. to make that happen, you’ll work alongside some of the most influential leaders and an elite faculty who put your interests first. you’ll have a partner in your progress every step of the way. experience over 20 undergraduate programs, an internationally recognized mba program, valuable internships, a study abroad, certifications and prominent mentors. it’s why students serious about a future in business seriously consider uni. when you start here, you can go anywhere.


explore majors
rankings






david w. wilson college of business

 ☰ menu



about

expand or collapse menu





business student life


economic impact


office of the dean


advisory boards


david w. wilson


news





academics

expand or collapse menu





majors, minors, & certificates


direct admission


graduate opportunities


professional readiness program®


high school financial literacy


business ethics





departments & programs

expand or collapse menu





department of accounting


department of economics


department of finance


department of management


department of marketing and entrepreneurship


mba


business teaching major


international studies





business student hub


faculty & staff

expand or collapse menu





faculty & staff portal


named professorships





alumni

expand or collapse menu





dean's fund for excellence


give back


wilson magazine





contact us














your future starts here – apply today









professors focused on you


















95%+
career placement rate
many uni business graduates get multiple job offers.







1 in 4
students have
an abroad 
experience
employers value global experience.







5
month
advantage
on average business grads have secured their job 5 months before graduation (2020)








why study business at uni

success in today's global business environment requires more than book smarts
it’s not what you know, but what you can do with what you know that sets the stage for your career success. here you’ll have countless opportunities to apply business concepts to real business problems. additionally, you’ll experience a one-of-a-kind development program to help you stand out to employers.


professional readiness program®
the biggest employers recruit wilson business grads because of our commitment to both soft and technical
skills that help in and beyond the workplace. the one-of-a-kind professional readiness program provides students with business certifications and communication skills that companies value.


ranked among the best
wilson college of business is consistently among some of the top business schools in the country and has been named “a best business school” by the princeton review for more than a decade. we have earned accreditation from the aacsb — a distinction belonging to fewer than 5% of business schools worldwide.


‌take your next step
we boast a 95%+ career placement rate and help you grow a valuable network of professionals and mentors. get started today on building your foundation for the future.


 













data-driven business education for the modern world.

our everyday lives are producing massive amounts of data. data that is interpreted and used to influence decision-making in many organizations across all industries and municipalities. the interpretation is no longer limited to the analysts. data savvy professionals are now a requirement of all business careers–and why data analytics is infused into our business core.

data-focused business education information







bold business careers start here.

‌undergraduate programsmore than 20 programs offer you majors, minors and certifications in today’s most dynamic and progressive business careers.  coursework combined with internships, mentorships, study abroad, the professional readiness program, and student organizations and activities, you’ll develop the most sought-after skills to set up apart and above all others.‌explore majors‌graduate programsgo the next step with a highly respected and valued uni graduate degree. continuing your education is an investment in a long-term outlook. with an emphasis on future-focused innovation and what’s next, experiential learning plus face-to-face interactions with your professors, you’ll gain the deep knowledge to achieve beyond.‌browse programs 




latest news & views








feb 04, 2025
wilson college of business announcement of spring 2025 ethics events










jan 07, 2025
indian student ganesh singh calls decision to come to wilson college of business a ‘win-win’










dec 18, 2024
uni prepares to celebrate nearly 700 graduates at fall 2024 commencement











view all news →









 












1227 w 27th st
            cedar falls, iowa 50614
            319-273-2311




maps & directions
bookstore
safety
insideuni
careers at uni
free speech at uni





        copyright 2025 maintained by it-client services




facebook


x/twitter


youtube


linkedin


instagram

 





equal opportunity/non-discrimination statement
privacy policy
accessibility
consumer information


 











