








 








russian posters, cuban and other posters. propaganda posters.















propaganda

posters



big size, high-quality

photos of the best posters available!
low introductory prices. hi-res


scans.


  firefox: bookmark: ctrl+d

  make this your  
home page

  explorer: add site to your  
favorites

  make site your  
homepage
please note that i made this site back in the nineties, and i did only very few changes ever since. why change something that works? of course, the style of the site is archaic and just now (january 2019) i noticed that there is a reference to netscape navigator, the browser that probably does not even exist any more. i changed it to firefox :) since  i prefer to spend more time with my children and with my goats now, i will probably never spend much time making the site better. i still have the collection of posters. i dont mind keeping the posters in my family for another 50 years, so i have the collection in the attic of my old house where i dont go often. if you will have a serious interest in  few posters, i will find some time and travel there and retrieve them for you, but normally i just give the posters rest. i recommend that you purchase a high resolution scan from me - the resolution is high enough for printing at the original size, and i can send these immediatelly. 









collection of 1400+ posters from russia, czech republic, poland and cuba. 
many are for sale!
free souvenir for anybody!










merchandise (mugs, t-shirts, 
stamps...)



with russian  
propaganda 
motives from this site

jump
right to
the gallery

reprinted posters
propaganda posters
cd,

chinese posters cd
















most posters in our collection are originals, 
acquired in russia in the 80's (exceptions are clearly marked), political posters, made in the period 1950 - 1990, 
 published
with the supervision of the communist party, and were designed to make
people work harder, be better communists and good patriots.

please be careful, most of these posters contain ruthless propaganda. let's take them as historical artefacts...  
our email:   
 prints@seznam.cz
we always respond to emails, so if you don't get 
our answer within a week, let us know about it please. 
we will send our answer again, thru a different server. if 
you will still not get our answer, please send us a sms - see below. 

sms - if 
you don't receive our email answer within two weeks, it might 
be due to spam filters. 

 




address of this site: 
http://posters.nce.buttobi.net 
and mirrors.

need big images of our posters?  
check our

cd. or

scans.

return policy: we want your 100% satisfaction. not happy with any poster? simply return it within 4 weeks for a full refund of its price!















 search 
for any word, 
poster number, etc...
results open in new window

good tool for web searches as well


 





 


example: to locate 
poster #0527, type in  527;
to locate lenin posters,
type 
in lenin

 



 web
this site                         
  







newly available posters     
all 
available posters

these pages were made with the goal to establish an online collection/museum of posters. since we have multiple pieces of many (original) posters in our collection, we can sell the surplus. we also welcome trade - if you have any interesting posters, be they russian, chinese, american, old, new, home-made, political, movie, circus, any posters...
let us know. 
please understand that we are not any kind of big company with
employees and 24/7 customer service. it is our collection of posters,
our hobby. we are doing our best to find time to sort thru the floods
of emails and respond to each within a few days... we always respond to all
emails, but, please, be patient. peter




soviet posters 1

soviet posters 2

soviet posters 3


reprints

soviet posters 4

soviet posters 5

soviet posters 6



cuban (political) posters 1

cuban (movie) posters 2

czech posters

polish posters


 100.000 posters and
 e-cards site.

vintage lithos


bob marley




our 
cd


available posters


scans

buy thru allwall

buy thru barewalls

soviet posters at printfinder

movie related
memora-
bilia








how to browse the gallery

payment



about peter, the owner of this site

how were the posters collected




links


lenin, russia, communism and propaganda in books



 our posters in "brick-and-mortar" poster galleries 
and exhibits:














do you also have any posters to show or sell? we can trade them
or help you to sell them -email.                  
how to preserve posters for decades.
we also offer a cd full of posters
you can be on our mailing list. that means that
we would send you email when a major addition to the pages is made.
that translates to maybe one email every six months...  email us to subscribe or unsubscribe.
news.
our standpoint.
our commentary: war on terrorism and propaganda
a few pictures from a typical russian town




netscape:
internet explorer:


make this your home page
add posters to your favorites



bookmark this page: ctrl+d
make posters your homepage






how to buy 
		posters: 

confirm availability 
		and click





































there has been an unmanageable flow of traffic on our website for the past few years.
last year,
the traffic  has doubled again, so we have to take the following measures:

small images, those that appear on the main poster listing pages, are accessible without restrictions.
big images are only 500 pixels tall on 
the web. larger images  are 
available on our  propaganda posters cd. this entire 
collection of posters and many valuable bonuses are included on the cd.

 



reprints
are also 
available:

reprints made from any of our professional, high-res 
scans
russian 
paintings, reproductions, artprints.
chinese 
reprints and more russian posters reprints
russian poster reprints at printfinder.


100.000 
      non-propaganda posters, 
collectibles.
posters, reprinted by the soviet regime - 



available directly from us.



posters, reprinted in russia recently - available 
directly from us.

old 
russian propaganda posters: 196 reproductions and artprints 
thru allposters. many are sold out, but search on their site for new reprints.
selection of 80 best-selling 
reproductions of old russian propaganda posters thru allposters. many are 
sold out, but search on their site for new reprints.
selection of 80 best-selling reproductions of old russian propaganda posters -
small images
thru allposters. 
many are sold out, but search on their site for new reprints.




quick links:
currently available posters

big size, high-quality  
photos of the best posters
russian reprints series:
10 - medals, decorations, badges, awards
11 - soviet army and soviet soldiers
12 - ww2, komsomol, soviet republics
13 - lenin - posters, pictures, biography
14 - posters for children

15 - posters, reprinted in russia recently 

other items:
16 - czech and russian 
propaganda - small posters, cards, badges

soviet posters 1

czech and slovakian propaganda posters
czech contemporary posters
czech theater posters

polish circus and theater posters




contemporary work: bush fan club
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



want to make your friend happy?  








do you like this site? do you want to help us to scan more 
posters and
help us
to keep them available online?

 





















		thank you!!

 


 printfinder offers six pages with soviet posters listings.
non-propaganda posters: 
the 100.000 posters site. 100.000 free e-cards included.
next - soviet posters 1

(russian propaganda posters)





 mirrors not included in stats


 


