



































































the montana standard | breaking news | | read butte, mt and montana breaking news. get latest news, events and information on montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















28°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



state & regional



406 politics



business



education



nation & world



history



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


columnists



cartoon



letters



submit a letter




sports


high school



frontier conference



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



contests



music



comics



games



play



food



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



outdoors


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









28°
cloudy
























        
        
            woman hiding in convenience store bathroom | butte police blotter

local law enforcement personnel respond to multiple crimes in and around butte, including a man not paying for his energy drink.

















        
        
            missing woman found safe in butte

family had not talked to williams since christmas day.

















        
        
            montana house takes up bill to prohibit regulations on facilities that discourage abortion

a proposal would make it illegal for state lawmakers to impose many regulations on pregnancy centers, facilities that provide resources to pregnant women and discourage abortion.

















        
        
            2025 all-class state wrestling tournament final results

check out team scores and final results. 

















        
        
            news brief: deq public meeting set for feb. 25

meeting to be at powell county community center. 

















        
        
            frontier basketball roundup: badovinac leads upset-minded orediggers, maldonado scores 31, saints hand tech 4th-straight loss

with one regular-season week left, top spots in both standings (men's and women's) are contested. a total of nine teams (four women's, five men's) share identical conference records sprinkled throughout.

















        
        
            montana senate kills bill to require ten commandments in every public school classroom

a lindsay republican's bill that sought to require the ten commandments be posted in every public school classroom in montana was shot down saturday in a 24-26 senate vote.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            woman hiding in convenience store bathroom | butte police blotter


















        
        
            missing woman found safe in butte


















        
        
            gianforte office controls an unrestricted interest fund worth $86 million, and counting















                
                the latest










        
        
            butte/blackfoot region under a winter storm warning until tuesday morning – up to 8 inches of snow

on monday at 1:35 p.m. the national weather service issued a winter storm warning in effect until tuesday at 9 a.m. for butte/blackfoot region. 




















        
        
            updated: sen. sheehy clarifies 'security concerns' for not yet opening missoula office

sen. tim sheehy's office has clarified the "security concerns" that have so far prevented his staff from opening an office in missoula.




















        
        
            walz to be keynote speaker at mansfield metcalf dinner in helena

the mansfield metcalf celebration is the montana democratic party’s biggest event of the year. it will be march 1 in helena at the lewis and clark county fairgrounds.




















        
        
            babies recently born in anaconda and butte

from community hospital of anaconda and intermountain health.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            years in business 2025



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            biggest snowfalls in montana history




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            montana state bobcats indoor track and field breaks three records over 'memorable weekend'

"after i was done competing, i broke down when hugging my parents because i felt this weight lift off of me." colby wilson, who broke his own pole vault record





















        
        
            photos: state swimming finals

photos from the finals races of the montana high school state swim meet feb. 15, 2025 in great falls. 




















        
        
            full court press: montana high school basketball highlights (feb. 15)

highlights and high scorers from high school basketball games around montana.





















        
        
            2025 montana state swimming meet

bookmark this link for ongoing coverage of the 56th annual montana high school state swim meet feb. 13-15, 2025 in great falls. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    










sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            seven pieces you can bring home from the yam auction (and one you can't)

there are 22 works in the live auction and 170 in the silent auction, a kaleidoscopic exploration of the area arts scene, some with price tags lower than you'd think.




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).

















                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            9 delicious essentials for hosting a pi day dinner party

contributor content. a pi day dinner is a unique opportunity to celebrate the mathematical constant π (pi) while indulging in delicious food and engaging activities with friends and family.












sponsored








        
        
            town pump charitable foundation awards a wide range of grants to support the community in 2024

content by town pump charitable foundation. learn how town pump charitable foundation empowers individuals and organizations to achieve transformative goals across montana.












sponsored








        
        
            a beacon of hope illuminating the hill: butte's headframe lighting project

content by town pump charitable foundation. thanks to continued support from the town pump charitable foundation, butte’s iconic headframes have a bright future.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            silver annies



                                        107 e main st, bozeman, mt 59715
                                    



 website






















        
        
            rega portraits & photography



                                        1099 s first street, hamilton, mt 59840
                                    






















        
        
            teamsters local no 2



                                        3345 harrison ave, butte, mt 59701
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















medical





        
        
            st. james hospital/ intermountain health - ad from 2025-02-11



































        
        
            2025 best of butte & beyond



















×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


special sections

get healthy




services


e-edition

subscribe

contact us

advertise

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the montana standard, 25 w granite st butte, mt 59701
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























