







gary friedmann & associates








































































































              welcome
            

about


            testimonials
          



            news
          

            clients
          

            contact
          





back


            who we are
          

            what we do
          

            events
          


















































welcome
about

who we are
what we do
events

testimonials







helping nonprofits succeed




newsclientscontact









scroll








when nonprofits want to get things done they turn to gary friedmann & associates to help them accomplish their goals. 




    our services
  




    inquire
  























what we dowhether you’re trying to beef up your annual fund, raise millions for a new building, increase your endowment, or diversify your funding sources, gary friedmann & associates can help you reach your goal.




    learn more
  





view fullsize










who we aregary friedmann & associates is comprised of five accomplished professionals – all with many years of experience and a variety of skills. 




    learn more
  













our clientswe work with organizations in communities of all sizes across maine and beyond. whether you have a fully staffed development office or no fundraisers at all, we are happy to help you achieve your goals. 




    learn more
  






 

capital campaign managementthis is our specialty, and what we’ve become most known for in the state of maine. we provide the guidance, encouragement, organization, and materials you need to successfully launch, run and complete a major campaign.





















board training & organizational development
properly trained leadership and staff will get you far. we help you see the bigger picture and adopt practices that will allow your organization to function efficiently.










feasibility studiesnervous about starting a big campaign? doing a feasibility study will assess your likelihood of success, where the money will come from, and the volunteers who will help you achieve it.









 











strategic planning
if you don’t know where you want to be as an organization in five years, you are unlikely to get there. we can help you envision your desired future and the steps you need to take to achieve it.



 






development audits if you feel like you’re in a bit of a rut and nothing is working anymore, you need a fresh perspective. we offer an informed assessment of how your fundraising efforts are functioning and what you can do differently.





















video communicationsin a crowded fundraising landscape, your organization's message must be attention-grabbing, emotional, memorable, and issue a compelling call to action. we create video content that gets our clients' donors talking - and giving. 








interim executive directorwhether you are hiring your first executive director, transitioning your organization to a new leader, or preparing for your current executive director’s temporary leave of absence, gfa has you covered. our experienced nonprofit professionals can keep your organization on track during times of transition and help prepare you for even greater success in the future.








home



home - upcoming retreats



home - capital campaign



home - board training



home - feasibility studies



home - strategic planning



home - development audits



home - video communications



interimed












gary friedmann & associates
19 first south street,
bar harbor, me  04609
207-460-7362
gary@garyfriedmann.com


hours






gary friedmann & associates(207) 460-7362 • 19 first south st. bar harbor, me 04609




    contact us
  

 






