




toby rose is an independent college counselor with over 28 years of experience











toby rose
great futures begin here!






home

contact us

















home

home page
college application program




why choose toby rose?

why choose toby rose
ask toby! - toby's newspaper columns
success stories





scholarships

scholarships




florida universities

florida public and private universities



community

community

students
parents
toby's band
pinecrest business association



contact

contact us











toby rose



                        　　 



toby rose is an 
                        independent college counselor with over 28 years of experience in assisting high 
                        school students prepare for the sat and other standardized tests, and gain 
                        entrance into public and private colleges and universities worldwide.


                     
                         

toby rose’s personalized approach to the college applications process provides 
                        students and their parents continuous one-on-one meetings throughout high school 
                        to ensure that they are on the right “track” to achieve their academic goals.


                     
                         

toby rose assists high school students in obtaining scholarships.

                                          
                         

                                          
                         

                                          
                         

                     
                        call me: 305-790-3746
                        the next step is up to you!! 



 
 















   *   sat and one on one with the sat is a registered trademark of the college entrance examination board, which was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product.
     **  psat/nmsqt is a registered trademark of the college entrance examination board and the national merit scholarship corporation, which was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product.
     *** sat subject test is a trademark owned by the college entrance examination board, which was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product.
  







toby rose
                                
                                phone:(305)-790-3746
                            



                                copyright 2019 tobyrose.com
                                all rights reserved









