


















majorgeeks.com - majorgeeks





































< 
home | tutorials | geek-cade| web tools | youtube |  
newsletter | 
deals! | 
forums  
| 




 
>















majorgeeks.com - major tweaks for major geeks.







all in one tweaksandroidantivirus & malwareappearanceback upbrowserscd\dvd\blu-raycovert opsdriversdrives (ssd, hdd, usb)gamesgraphics & photosinternet toolslinux distrosmajorgeeks windows tweaksmultimedianetworkingoffice & productivitysystem tools




· how to and tutorials· life hacks and reviews· way off base· majorgeeks deals· news· off base· reviews











· youtube
· facebook
· instagram
· twitter
· pintrest
· rss/xml feeds

· news blur 
· yahoo
· symbaloo







subscribe to our mailing list












· top freeware picks

· malware removal

· geektionary

· useful links

· about us

· copyright

· privacy

· terms of service

· how to uninstall








1. gs auto clicker2. macrium reflect free edition3. smart defrag4. winrar5. fortect6. mcafee removal tool (mcpr)7. visual c++ runtime installer (all-in-one)8. sergei strelec's winpe9. microsoft visual c++ 2015-2022 redistributable package10. visual c++ redistributable runtimes aio repackmore >>




 how to automatically back up the registry on windows 10/11 the truth about cheap software keys and where to buy do cheap windows 10 keys really work? how to check if your hard drive is ssd or hdd why you shouldn't (mostly) use free vpn services bitcoin 101 pst files:  keeping your outlook data organized and running smoothly how to disable all advertising and sponsored apps in windows 10 & 11 do you need to defragment an ssd? understanding trim and ssd, nvme optimization google's new dark web report: how to use it to protect your data and alternatives for non-google users








 featured  software

  advanced systemcare
advanced systemcare uses a one-click approach to clean, optimize, speed up, and protect your computer. get rid of junk files, protect your privacy, clean your registry, undelete files, and more. get it here.
  majorgeeks windows tweaks
contains over tested tweaks with a sweet new interface. 100% portable.. try now!.

  fortect
effective and inclusive pc optimizer offering a comprehensive windows problem solver. get it now!
  aurora game trainer
aurora is designed to be a single interface to thousands of game trainers in the cheats happen library. download 4 fun++

 icymi articles



how to remove or edit saved credit card information in chrome, firefox, ie, and edge ...
read more.


internet problems? here's how to tell if it's your isp's fault ...
read more.


how chatgpt can teach you to code...
read more.






majorgeeks.com » files



2370 pages

1
2
3
4
>
»


 february 18, 2025

 free vpn for chrome  2.6.17     
free vpn chrome extension allows you to change your ip address effortlessly, providing enhanced online privacy and security.

 zoom player max 21 beta 1   
with zoom player max, you can instantly convert any pc into a home entertainment center or home theater pc with no special hardware requirement. 

 zoom player iptv  21 beta 1   
zoom player iptv beta is a user-friendly platform for effortlessly streaming live television channels and video-on-demand (vod) content. stable version is also available.

 qubes os 4.2.4   
qubes os is a linux distro that brings to your personal computer the xen hypervisor's security; many major hosting providers rely on the same software to isolate websites and services from each other.

 ssuite netsurfer e-gamer 1.6.12.4   
ssuite netsurfer e-gamer provides you with a gaming and streaming web browser that boasts ultra-low latency and super-fast browsing speed.

 imageconverter 1.5.0   
imageconverter lets you change image formats in one click; it is designed to be a user-friendly image conversion app.

 winstep nexus 25.2   
winstep nexus will help you with fast access to your most frequently used applications, with flexible options allowing it to dock or float anywhere on the screen.

 winstep xtreme 25.2   
winstep xtreme will change the way you work with windows with a collection of utilities and desktop enhancements.

 mega 5.48.1      
mega is a functional cloud backup extension that provides solid security and privacy features.

 pinterest save button for chrome, firefox, and edge 6.11.0 / 4.2.103     
pinterest save button for chrome, firefox, and edge adds pinterest to your browser, allowing you to save ideas you discover and look at them later.

 osforensics 11.1 build 1002   
osforensics allows you to identify suspicious files, extract forensic data and find hidden data inside a pc.

 fing 3.8.1     
fing is the ultimate comprehensive toolkit for network management.

 servicetray 5.2.1.36   
servicetray lets you monitor and control any windows service directly from an icon.

 diffractor 126.1   
diffractor is designed to help you get organized with photos and videos on your pc. it is the simplest and easiest way to add and edit metadata. 

 slack  4.42.120      
slack puts all your team communications in one place wherever you go with real-time messaging, file sharing, and one-to-one and group conversations.

 regcool 2.031   
regcool is an explorer-like search tool for editing information in your registry.

 onyx 4.7.4 / 4.6.2   
onyx is a multifunction utility that you can use to verify the structure of the system files, to run miscellaneous maintenance and cleaning tasks, to configure parameters in the finder, dock, safari, and some apple applications, to delete caches, to remove certain problematic folders and files, to rebuild various databases and indexes, and more.

 retr0mine v52    
retr0mine is a modern take on the classic minesweeper game. it features a sleek ui that enhances the gaming experience. 


 reviews  · fsp m580 case review and more @ nt compatible off base  · gnome 48.beta linux desktop environment released for testing way off base  · random photo: tuesday is here...  · random photo: a warning  · random photo: getting a half day!





 february 17, 2025

 youtube music 3.7.4      
youtube music is a specialized platform that provides you with access to a wide range of music content through its own dedicated application.

 pdflip 1.2    
pdflip enables you to transform pdfs into visually appealing digital flipbooks. with this platform, you can design and customize flipbooks to enhance your documents, making them more engaging and interactive.

 multialarm 1.4.0    
multialarm is a versatile application that enables users to set multiple timers and clock alarms. it features convenient systray and desktop notification widgets, ensuring you never miss an important reminder or scheduled event.

 v2rayn 7.9.0 pre-release / 7.8.3      
v2rayn is a popular gui client for v2ray that makes it easier to manage and configure v2ray settings without dealing directly with json files or command-line interfaces. 

 tessabyte throughput test 2.0 build 52 beta     
tessabyte throughput test is specifically designed to evaluate the performance of both wired and wireless networks. this tool provides insights into your network's capabilities, helping you identify any potential issues or areas for improvement.

 aida64 extreme edition 7.60.7300   
aida64 extreme edition is for home users looking for streamlined windows diagnostic and benchmarking software.

 ferdium portable 7.0.0   
ferdium portable provides an innovative online platform that functions as a service consolidator. it allows you to access a wide range of communication services in one place. it is also available as an installer and for linux and mac.

 rss guard portable 4.8.1   
rss guard portable, developed with the qt framework, is an rss/atom feed aggregator that features online feed synchronization and is conveniently available via portableapps. it operates independently of any dependencies. installer/linux/mac versions are also available.

 zmportable 6.3.10   
if you're looking for a portable way to access zoom for virtual meetings and collaboration, look no further than zmportable. installer is also available.

 wau manager 3.8.2.0   
wau manager (windows automatic updates manager) is a free portable replacement for the default windows updating interface.

 bisbee 1.04   
bisbee is a helpful little battery monitoring tool that provides real-time updates on the battery charge levels of your wireless devices.

 whoisconnectedsniffer 1.30   
whoisconnectedsniffer is a networking discovery tool that listens to network packets and accumulates a list of computers and devices currently connected to your network.

 deansbury 1.05   
deansbury is a comprehensive windows device tree viewer that provides you with the ability to explore and search the intricate structure of the windows device tree.

 onecommander 3.95.7.0   
onecommander lets you access a highly advanced and sophisticated file management tool that offers a modern and intuitive user interface.

 siw (system info) 2025.15.0.0102d   
siw is a system information tool that gathers detailed information about your system properties and settings. 

 archbang linux 1702    
archbang linux is a simple linux distribution based on the archlinux system combined with openbox window manager. suitable for both desktop and portable systems. it is light, fast, and stable.

 dark reader for chrome, firefox, edge, safari, and thunderbird 4.9.103     
dark reader is a free extension for chrome, firefox, edge, safari, and thunderbird that will make surfing the web easier on the eyes through customizable dark themes. 

 remote desktop manager 2024.3.29.0      
remote desktop manager is designed for managing all of your remote connections - from adding and editing to organizing or finding a remote connection quickly.

 mozilla firefox  136.0 beta 7     
mozilla firefox beta is a fast, free, open source web browser that provides a highly customizable interface with numerous third-party add-ons and multiple mozilla-authored add-ons. firefox stable/final is also available.

 snort 3.7.0.0 / 2.9.20     
snort is an open source network intrusion prevention system capable of performing real-time traffic analysis and packet logging on ip networks.

 don't sleep 9.71   
don't sleep is a free portable app used to prevent system shutdown, standby, hibernate, turn off, and restart. 

 memorycleaner 1.8.0   
memorycleaner is a straightforward tool to help your machine's memory with a single click.

 winmute 2.5.2.0   
winmute is an open source utility for auto-muting your pc's volume when running the lock screen or screensaver.

 malwarebytes browser guard for chrome and firefox 3.0.12     
malwarebytes browser guard for chrome and firefox is a free extension designed to bring the protection of malwarebytes direct to your browser.

 passy 1.9.0     
passy provides you with an offline password manager that is easy to set up and use.

 privacyroot secure delete 207   
privacyroot secure delete lets you securely erase files and folders permanently from your machine without going to the recycle bin.

 win debloat tools 2025-02-17   
win debloat tools provides a collection of scripts for debloating, customizing/improving privacy/performance, and overall windows system responsiveness.

 mirillis action! 4.44.1   
mirillis action! allows you to record and stream real-time video and more right from your desktop in hd - perfect for recording and streaming gameplay or making tutorial videos.

 duckduckgo for windows and mac 0.99.5.0   
if you're looking for privacy protection on your windows device, duckduckgo for windows and mac has got you covered. with features like private search, tracker blocking, and site encryption, you can browse the web with ease and confidence. duckduckgo is also available for chrome/firefox/edge/opera and android.

 duckduckgo browser 5.226.0   
duckduckgo browser offers seamless protections from third-party trackers while you search and browse and even access tracking protections when receiving email. currently available for android with windows and macos versions in development. duckduckgo is also available for chrome/firefox/edge/opera and windows 10/11/mac.

 universal media server  14.10.0     
universal media server for windows and linux is a dlna-compliant upnp media server based on the ps3 media server by shagrath. 

 metamask 12.12.0      
metamask is designed to create a seamless environment for interaction with blockchain applications and cryptocurrencies.

 homebrew 4.4.21    
homebrew is a package manager that installs the stuff you need that apple or linux didn’t.

 fhash 3.11.6 / 2.4.0    
fhash is a portable multi-platform hash calculator.

 trellix stinger (formerly mcafee stinger) 13.0.0.292   
trellix stinger (formerly mcafee stinger) detects and removes specific viruses. video tutorial and portable version available.

 calendartask (formerly desktopcal desktop calendar) 3.21.223.6991     
calendartask (formerly desktopcal desktop calendar) helps you manage appointments, to-do lists, schedules, and more without blocking access to your desktop icons.

 eset sysinspector 2.0.17.0   
eset sysinspector allows you to monitor your details about your os such as processes, startup items, registry content and network connections.

 gsoft4u music collection 3.8.1.0   
gsoft4u music collection is a free utility that allows you to organize your music collection into a quality searchable archive.

 slitheris network discovery (formerly network scanner) 1.2.34   
slitheris network discovery is an advanced scanner that will quickly provide you with comprehensive information about your network and so much more.

 tubebuddy for chrome, edge, opera, and android  2.1.1769      
tubebuddy for chrome, firefox, edge, opera, and android provides youtube creators with straightforward optimization and channel management.

 linux kernel 6.13.3   
linux kernel is common to all linux distributions and available to everyone as open source software.

 xtratools 25.2.1   
xtratools is an all-in-one system optimization tool that optimizes the registry, removes unnecessary programs, tweaks network connections, and boosts ram speed. 

 window switcher 1.14.0   
window switcher allows you to use hotkeys to switch windows quickly without showing previews, etc.

 image tuner 10.0   
image tuner is a program for batch resizing, converting, watermarking, and renaming your digital photos/images from/to jpeg, bmp, png, tiff, and gif formats. 

 winrar 7.10       
winrar for windows and linux is an excellent program for opening, creating, extracting, or adding files to your zip and rar files.

 venom linux 20250216    
venom linux is a source-based linux distribution build from scratch following kiss philosophy and targeting experienced users.

 psiphon 185.20250217     
psiphon is an open source censorship circumvention tool for windows and android designed to give access to the internet where censors and firewalls block it.

 postman 11.33.0     
postman is a comprehensive app that allows you to design, test and document apis.

 refined github for chrome, firefox, and edge 25.2.17     
refined github is an open source extension/add-on that simplifies navigating and utilizing the github repository.

 digital clock 5.1.1     
digital clock gives you a straightforward portable timepiece for display on your desktop.

 jellyfin 10.10.6     
jellyfin is a cross-platform open source media system that focuses on the management and control over your streaming media.

 windscribe for windows, chrome, firefox, edge, opera, linux, and android 2.13.8 / 4.1.9      
windscribe for windows, chrome, firefox, edge, opera, linux, and android provides you with multiple locations for anonymous browsing.

 atlantis word processor lite 4.4.4.2   
atlantis word processor lite is a powerful, fast-loading companion for all your word processing tasks. 

 avira password manager for chrome, firefox, edge, opera, and android 2.21.0.4995      
avira password manager is capable of creating, saving, managing, and syncing all your passwords and notes across all your devices.

 similarimagesfinder 1.020   
similarimagesfinder will help you to find and remove identical and similar images from your machine. 

 explzh 9.65   
explzh is a freeware compression tool that is capable of creating and extracting file archives.

 untapped.gg companion  2.30.14    
untapped.gg companion is a companion app for mtga that provides detailed analytics, real-time insights, and tools to help players improve their skills and deck performance.

 winger for firefox  2.9.0     
winger for firefox lets you name windows, move tabs between windows, stash windows away, and more. 

 norton virus definitions february 17, 2025    
norton virus definitions for norton antivirus, norton internet security, 360, endpoint protection, and mail security will ensure your norton antivirus product contains the most up-to-date detection and prevention.

 windows defender antivirus definition updates february 17, 2025   
windows defender antivirus definition updates for timely updating of your windows defender if the automatic update happens to fail. video tutorial available.

 mcafee dat file update 11345 / 5803   
mcafee dat file contains up-to-date virus signatures and other information for mcafee products.

 dr.web live disk 9.0.1 (02/17/2025)   
dr.web live disk will clean your computer of infected and suspicious files.

 dr.web cureit february 17, 2025   
dr.web cureit! is an antivirus and anti-spyware scanning tool that will help you quickly scan and cure a computer without installing the dr.web anti-virus.


 how-to & guides  · how to restart the windows search box - majorgeeks youtube  · how to enable or disable windows sandbox in windows 11  · how to change dpi scaling settings in windows 10 or 11 (video) reviews  · asus proart pa27jcv review and more @ nt compatible off base  · the third release candidate for linux kernel 6.14 has been released for testing way off base  · random photo: lost along the way  · random photo: taser napkin  · random photo: contact the manufacturer  deals  · ashampoo winoptimizer 27: lifetime license [digital key] 70% off






2370 pages

1
2
3
4
>
»



majorgeeks.com » files






© 2000-2025 majorgeeks.com

powered by contentteller® business edition









