





regina opera company











season
info
tickets
directions
give!
donors
auditions
about
accessibility
synopses
contact



 

 

 

 

 

 






great opera
comfortable seats
affordable tickets
english supertitles

“outstanding ... the regina opera company,
a musical diamond in the crown of opera.”

cliff kasden, home reporter

“when the curtain opened ... the magic began.”
nino pantano, brooklyn daily eagle

“cuando el telón de felpa roja se abrió ...
comenzó la magia.”
nino pantano y hector sermeño, el barrio news
(link to pdf in spanish)

we won again - best local live theatre in 
2025!





i pagliacci + concert
		march 1, 2, 8, & 9, 2025
buy tickets online
free open dress rehearsal
		with piano - feb. 22 at 3 pm
free open dress rehearsal
		with orchestra - feb. 28 at 7 pm

la traviata
		may 10, 11, 17, & 18, 2025
free open dress rehearsal
		with piano - may 3 at 3 pm
free open dress rehearsal
		with orchestra - may 8 at 7 pm

check out our season 
		page for upcoming
		sunday concerts and free events!

see why our fans and the critics love us!
“we greatly appreciate regina opera for giving us traditional opera, and so did the most enthusiastic audience.”
		– 
		meche kroop, “an authentic lucia at regina opera,”

voce di meche
“why did it take me 54 years to go hear
		the regina opera company?”
		–
		george fiala, red hook star-revue

happy world opera day 2024!

enjoy all our
free online performances



regina opera premieres young composer’s work


regina opera on currents ny


regina opera programs are supported, in part, by public funds from the new york city department of cultural affairs, in partnership with
the city council. major support is provided by new york city council members alexa avilés and justin brannan. regina opera company’s programs are
made possible by the new york state council on the arts with the support of the office of the governor and the new york state legislature. regina opera thanks all
its donors.

web accessibility policy
at regina opera, we are 
committed to web accessibility. it is our policy to ensure that all people, 
including those with disabilities, have full and equal access to our digital 
offerings. to that end, we have undergone training on web accessibility and have implemented changes to our website to make it as accessible 
as we can. we will continue to make good-faith efforts to employ web 
accessibility best practices and to comply with federal, state, and local laws. 
if you know of a way in which we can improve the accessibility of our website, 
please contact us.
please also see this page for 
information about physical accessibility at our main performance venue, our lady 
of perpetual help catholic academy of brooklyn.

on the web since march 17, 1997
last revised: 
february 17, 2025
all content © 1997-2022 regina opera company (except where otherwise noted)


