















 


family law attorney phoenix - 80+ years of combined experience

























































home
about

our firm
comparing law firms
meet our team


practice areas

divorce
child custody
child support
marital agreements
order modifications
domestic violence
enforcement of agreement
mediation
paternity


locations

tempe
phoenix


testimonials
important information

settling your divorce or family law case
initial consultation
divorce process
fees & options
preliminary injunctions in arizona
temporary orders
mediation & arbitration
arizona family law forms and rules
how to save fees & have better outcomes
learning center
family law blog
faq’s
video center
sitemap


contact
 
(602) 749-8500

request a consultation














one of arizona's premier family law firms
*fellow, american academy of matrimonial lawyers • certified family law specialist • bar register of preeminent lawyers • arizona’s top attorneys • southwest superlawyers • for the last 5 years mr. bishop has been selected by super lawyers as one of the top 50 attorneys in arizona (out of 18,500 active attorneys).* william d. bishop designations

request an initial consultation












why choose our firm








                        our partners have a combined experience of over 80 years. certified family law specialist, top ranked divorce law firm in arizona                     







                            our partners have a combined experience of over 80 years. certified family law specialist, top ranked divorce law firm in arizona                         



                            our experienced attorneys practice exclusively in the areas of family law and divorce law                        











                        we offer customized representation to fit your budget                    







                            we offer customized representation to fit your budget                        



                            for clients who are more budget-conscious or who have restricted resources, we provide several different options for legal assistance                        











                         william bishop is a board-certified family law specialist through the state bar of arizona                    







                             william bishop is a board-certified family law specialist through the state bar of arizona                        



                            there are thousands of attorneys in arizona that practice family law to some degree, however there are only approximately 65 attorneys throughout arizona who have attained the distinction of certified family law specialists.                        





 


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  





phoenix family law attorneys
phoenix • tempe • scottsdale

our commitment to you
bishop, del vecchio & beeks law office practices exclusively in the areas of family law and divorce law in order to provide its clients with the most experience for their family law case. as shown by our top rated credentials and testimonials, our attorneys are among the most trusted and knowledgeable in the state, ensuring that we represent your interests in all areas of family law and divorce issues.
in striving to provide the highest degree of service, professionalism and integrity, we offer a large variety of representation options to our clients. for example, you can choose from full-service divorce or family law representation, limited scope representation, pay-as-you-go consultation services, and other options designed to meet your specific needs.
commitment to excellence
our firm has selected what we consider the best available family law attorneys to provide you with the professional and  thorough legal services that you deserve. our managing partner, william d. bishop is among the limited number of family law and divorce attorneys in arizona who are  certified family law specialists by the state bar of arizona. only approximately 65 attorneys in arizona have obtained such distinction. in addition, mr. bishop is a fellow of the american academy of matrimonial attorneys to which only about 30 attorneys in arizona have been selected. mr. bishop was selected in 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 as one of the top fifty attorneys in the state of arizona by southwest super lawyers for all areas of the law (i.e., the top 50 out of a total of approximately 18,000 licensed attorney in arizona!).
teamwork & knowledge building
our attorneys attend numerous divorce and family law conferences each year in order to stay updated on all new cases and statutes that may affect your case, and in order to maximize our knowledge and expertise regarding complex family law issues. we also meet regularly to discuss cases and to provide a team approach to handling our family law cases.

 



board-certified
family lawspecialist











play












play











































































































client testimonials




                            i had more of a dialog with you in the first one hour session than i did in four months with my previous attorney.                        

                            dana h.                        





                            i would like to sincerely thank you and all the members of your firm in representing me with my recent custody dispute with my former spouse.                         

                            sgo                        





                            bill kept me informed of every risk, every option, and every advantage. he was a skillful chess master and maneuvered our case through the many bluffs and traps that characterize contentious legal situations.                        

                            t.w.                        





                            thank you and your staff for an outstanding job you did on my divorce case. while most people hopefully do not need your offices services, you and your staff made the best of a very difficult time in my life.                        

                            michael s.                        





read more reviews
 



divorce






                    phoenix divorce lawyer                


                    divorce process                


                    spousal maintenance                


                    property division                


                    divorce alternatives                


                    military divorce                


                    family law mediation                







maritalagreements






                    pre-marital agreements
                


                    post-marital agreements
                


                    domestic partner agreements
                







childcustody






                    child custody                


                    grandparent's rights                


                    child relocation                


                    interstate jurisdiction                







childsupport






                    child support overview                


                    child support guidelines                


                    paternity                







ordermodifications






					child support
            	


					legal decision making
            	


					parenting time
            	


					spousal maintenance
            	







domesticviolence






                    protective orders
                


                    injunction against harassment
                




 

bishop, del vecchio & beeks law office, p.c.

industry recognition
bishop, del vecchio & beeks law office has obtained an av peer review rating*, the highest rating possible by martindale-hubbell (i.e. less than 5 percent of law firms have obtained such rating), and is listed in the martindale-hubbell bar registrar of preeminent lawyers.  the firm has been honored by the best law firms in arizona first-tier, us news & world report. honored as a fellow in the american academy of matrimonial lawyers, bill bishop was also selected as one of arizona’s finest lawyers. such selection is a peer-reviewed nomination (i.e. by other family law attorneys and family court judges)  based upon “a demonstrated record of high achievement, excellent legal skills, and a well-earned reputation for integrity”. tawnia wienke, dan beeks and allyson del vecchio of the firm have also received top honors as best lawyers, super lawyers, and av rated designations through martindale hubbel.
our values and philosophy
in some cases that are not overly complex we can assist clients who desire to represent themselves and who want to secure legal counsel for the amount of representation they truly need.  we offer full-service family law counsel, in addition to divorce mediation and limited scope representation. with more options to choose from, our clients  often have the ability to enjoy more affordable prices compared to many other divorce and family law firms in arizona.

 

customizedrepresentation








pay as you go

no retainer or deposit is required. the firm will assist you from time to time, upon your request.



pay as you go

no retainer or deposit is required. the firm will assist you from time to time, upon your request. this is what is often called a "do it yourself divorce" with the firm helping you on the side. 










consultation-based

you will  represent  yourself. consultation based - allows for more assistance than “pay as you go,” and typically requires a minimal deposit.



consultation-based

you will  represent  yourself. consultation based- allows for more assistance than “pay as you go,” and typically requires a minimal deposit.










limited scope representation

you will represent yourself as much as possible, and only pay for formal representation regarding select aspects of your case.



limited scope representation

you will represent yourself as much as possible, and only pay for formal representation regarding select aspects of your case.










full representation

formal representation applicable to all aspects of your case, including all hearings and during trial (if necessary).



full representation

formal representation applicable to all aspects of your case, including all hearings and during trial (if necessary).





 



a newsworthy team



prev
next









                            william bishop                        







                                william bishop                            


                                bill bishop is a board certified family law specialist through the state bar of arizona and a martindale-hubbell av preeminent lawyer with over 30 years of family law experience.
fellow, american academy of matrimonial attorneys; best lawyers in america
                            
visit profile








                            allyson del vecchio                        







                                allyson del vecchio                            


                                allyson has been practicing divorce and family law, as well as juvenile law since graduating from law school in 2006. she also has experience in criminal law and intellectual property cases.                            
visit profile








                            dan beeks                        







                                dan beeks                            


                                for more than 30 years, dan has practiced law with several prestigious firms in phoenix. he has substantial experience in family law, family law appeals and complex commercial litigation. martindale hubbel av preeminent rated                            
visit profile








                            tawnia r. wienke                        







                                tawnia r. wienke                            


                                tawnia handles all aspects of family law including, divorce, legal separation, legal decision-making and parenting time. martindale hubbel preeminent rated.                               
visit profile








                            jackie dabney                        







                                jackie dabney                            


                                jackie has over 30 years of experience in family law.  in 2022, jackie became licensed as an arizona legal paraprofessional (lp), endorsed in family law, and as such is an affiliate member of the state bar of arizona.                            
visit profile






