















rio rancho convention and visitors bureau | official website









 















skip to main content
























    visitors      sports      film      group tours      meetings      special events  


 

 

 

 

 

 

 












search







 
 












 
 
 



































 














top things to dowhere good vibes and awesomeness shine day and nightexplore the city’s sporting events, eateries, fine dining, live music and cultural performances all in one place.
 






  
 
 



 














hotels & lodging








explore








rio rancho events center








where to eat?








events








city page










 
 
 



 














rio rancho cvb news and highlightskeep inform and follow us on social media
 






  
 
 















rio rancho food and beverage tour 


explore local rio rancho area restaurants.						read on







rio rancho highlights 


an immersive story map detailing some of the highlights of the city of rio rancho.			additional info...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 
















 
 
 



 














rio rancho has beautiful viewsof the sandia mountains and rio grande bosque and issituated just northwest of albuquerque.there are plenty of passions to pursue in rio rancho. we invite you to step outside of your comfort zone and explore new activities while you’re here. you might just find that discovering a new pursuit is an adventure in itself.
 






  
 
 














outdoor adventuresrio rancho is home to a colorful tapestry of attractions, events, and day trips.read on…








experience ourculture & heritagerio rancho is home to a colorful tapestry of attractions, events, and day trips.read on…








special eventsrio rancho is home to a colorful tapestry of attractions, events, and day trips.read on…








things to do!rio rancho is home to a colorful tapestry of attractions, events, and day trips.read on…










 
 
 



 















 






  








   





 
 


  
 













3200 civic center circle ne rio rancho, nm 87144
 






  
 













phone: 505-896-8710
 




contact us
 






  
 



  
 















 





 





 






  
 


  
 













city of rio rancho







dining 







hotels and lodging









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 













home







contact us







accessibility







copyright notices







powered by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









