





cappuccino king – calgary's one stop shop for coffee













































 











toggle navigation



shop
contact
wholesale login
careers
 










proudly serving calgary for 45 years

shop today















discover our full-service approachcappuccino king is much more than just coffee beans. we are your one-stop shop for all things coffee! 


 

 


all things coffee 

from our custom roasted coffee beans, to flavoured syrups, to milk-alternatives we stock an array of products to make your coffee stand out.




 


espresso machines

check out our wide array of espresso machines and coffee grinders for use in food service as well as your home.




 


service and repairs

our trained experts are here to help. we offer emergency service as well as preventative maintenance plans.




 


cafe consulting

planning a cafe or restaurant? let us put our 45 years of experience behind your project!


 





our history
 when vince izzo arrived in calgary from pietramelara, italy in 1968, a good espresso was difficult to find here. there were only a handful of commercial espresso machines in restaurants around calgary and most home brewers were using small, stove-top models. the coffee itself came pre-ground in tins from italy, with names like medaglia d’oro and lavazza.
 vince saw a caffeine-deprived opportunity and in 1974 he started a business importing italian espresso machines. he worked tirelessly with experienced coffee importers developing his own proprietary blend of beans and labelling them with his cappuccino king brand. since then, cappuccino king has been on a quest to convert canadians to proper italian espresso, one crema-topped demitasse at a time.
 today, vince’s son peter izzo continues to provide customers with the highest quality and value of service and sales while remaining true to the amazing level of service that connoisseurs have grown to expect from the cappuccino king.
 in addition to custom roasted espresso beans, cappuccino king is proud to offer a curated selection of consumer and commercial espresso machines as well as a wide array of flavoured syrups and coffee-making accessories.
 check us out and see why cappuccino king has grown to be calgary’s ultimate destination for the latest in all things coffee.






 






get in touch
check out our calgary showroom410 23 ave ne calgary, alberta t2e 1v9store hoursmonday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm saturday - 10:00am - 2:00pmsunday & holidays - closedgive us a ring(403) 277-5169 toll-free 1-877-277-5169 



send us a message


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *subjectmessage *send message  







 
design by 1527 strategies 
 




















