









department of earth sciences | college of earth, ocean & environment | university of delaware






































skip to site content

























































 quick links 




                                        myud
                                    



                                        maps
                                    



                                        people directory
                                    



                                        email
                                    



                                        careers
                                    



                                        library
                                    



                                        a-z index
                                    



                                        news
                                    



                                        events
                                    



                                        safety at ud
                                    





















close













                    
                        earth, ocean & environment
                    
                    
                






























                        quick links 





                                            myud
                                        



                                            maps
                                        



                                            people directory
                                        



                                            email
                                        



                                            careers
                                        



                                            library
                                        



                                            a-z index
                                        



                                            news
                                        



                                            events
                                        



                                            safety at ud
                                        







about usour peopleour historyour partnersstrategic plandiversity, equity & inclusionceoe newsprospective studentsundergraduate programsgraduate programsceoe student experiencecurrent studentsundergraduate resourcesgraduate resourcescareer resourcesscuba at uddepartmentsearth sciencesgeography & spatial sciences school of marine science & policyresearchcenters & collaborationsfacilities & resourcesmarine operationscommunity engagementcoast daysummer opportunitiesdocent toursalumni & friendsdean's advisory councilgivejoin mariners


ud home collegescollege of earth, ocean & environmentdepartmentsearth sciences


























department ofearth sciences




























earth sciences





                                        about
                                    



                                        degree programs
                                    




                                        environmental science and management
                                    



                                        geological sciences
                                    



                                        microbiology
                                    



                                        water science and policy
                                    



                                        undergraduate majors
                                    





                                        research
                                    



                                        our people
                                    



                                        careers
                                    











the university of delaware’s department of earth sciences (es) prepares students for the real world by exposing them to exciting opportunities through education and research in the classroom, the laboratory and the field.
our graduates go on to fulfilling careers in environmental consulting firms, the energy industry, governmental regulatory agencies, earth science teaching and research in the geological sciences. es programs feature small classes with hands-on field and laboratory-based instruction delivered by an internationally respected, research-active faculty.










academic programs






undergrad programs  
 
earth sciences (b.a. or b.s.) 
earth science education (b.s.)






master's programs
  
environmental science and management (m.s.)
 earth sciences (m.s.) 
water science and policy (m.s.)






ph.d. programs
  
earth sciences
water science and policy


















alumni spotlight
rocks and wind
 
having just wrapped up her master’s degree, ud grad katie diaz has accepted a job offer from dnv gl as an offshore wind analyst, and is excited to start her career in the offshore wind industry.
 
read more


























featured academic program
water science & policy ph.d.

the interdisciplinary water science and policy program draws on faculty expertise from four different colleges within ud, allowing students to build a broad knowledge of the subject while also developing a specialty in an aspect of either water science or policy. learn more about the program and find a list of faculty advisors.
 
water science and policy website












news and events








latest news

award-winning geologist
  delaware geological survey’s david wunsch reflects on geological career, impact of ud and dgs on the first state
the origins of life
  ud doctoral candidate kuan-yu lin helps collect core samples from the earth’s mantle

integrated mineral supply
  ud researchers suggest the climate crisis requires international minerals agreement
exhibitions on view this fall
  free and open to the public, the exhibits display art, minerals, manuscripts and printed materials
the accidental hydrogeologist
  ud doctoral student studies threat to freshwater

































find ceoe on social media










			facebook
			
		









			twitter (x)
			
		










			instagram
			
		




















 college of earth, ocean & environment









                            departments
                        






                                    earth sciences
                                



                                    geography & spatial sciences 
                                



                                    school of marine science & policy
                                









                            department contacts & connect:
                        





                                        earth sciences: 302-831-2569
                                    



                                        geography & spatial sciences: 302-831-2294
                                    



                                        marine science & policy: 302-645-4212
                                    



                                        facebook
                                    



                                        instagram
                                    



                                        linkedin
                                    



                                        twitter
                                    



                                        ceoe personnel: cais
                                    



                                        itv room scheduler
                                    








 261 s. college ave, robinson hall, newark, de 19716-1304 
 phone: 302-831-2841 
 














top












explore ud in photos







undergraduate major finder







graduate program finder





 ud home





explore



										about us
									



										athletics
									



										udaily
									



										virtual tour
									



										employment
									




academics



										undergraduate admissions
									



										graduate admissions
									



										colleges
									



										library
									



										research
									




services



										accessibility notice
									



										people directory 
									



										my ud
									



										campus safety 
									



										a to z index
									





connect

contact us
university of delaware newark, de 19716 usa   
p:   302-831-2792









































































			©2025 university of delaware
		


						comments
					



						legal notices
					



						accessibility 
					


















