


baseball news blog


















baseball news blog


a weblog of baseball news and analysis


 








webmaster
baseballnewsblog[at]yahoo.com
recommended sites:

news
espn
yahoo!

tickets
red sox tickets
fenway ticket king
front row king
tickets more
all good seats
ticket website hq

daily info
scores
today's games
transactions

analysis
at home plate
baseball prospectus
baseball think factory
the hardball times

baseball think factory weblogs
baseball primer
al's baseball tidbits
blogpen
game chatter
hall of merit
jim's lab notes
primate studies
sox therapy
transaction oracle

all good seats

concert tickets
taylor swift tickets
mlb baseball tickets
all good seats tickets

baltimore orioles weblogs
the orioles warehouse
camden chat

boston red sox weblogs
bambino's curse
red sox tickets and news
out of left field
portland sox fan
el guapo's ghost
the joy of sox
misery loves company
yanksfan vs. soxfan
boston.com red sox blog
red sox vs yankees tix
the top of the ninth
baseball zeitgeist
singapore sox fan
yankeesredsox.com
a red sox fan in pinstripe territory
surviving grady
the boston blogger
call of the green monster
over the monster
boston blood sox

chicago white sox weblogs
chisox daily
black betsy

cleveland indians weblogs
tribe tracker
let's go tribe

detroit tigers weblogs
detroit tiger weblog
tigerblog
motown tigers

kansas city royals weblogs
rob & rany on the royals
kc's royal zone

los angeles angels weblogs
6-4-2

minnesota twins weblogs
twinsgeek.com
twins chatter
batgirl

new york yankees weblogs
bookworm: baseball
pride of the yankees
yanksfan vs. soxfan
yankeesredsox.com

oakland athletics weblogs
beaneball
athletics nation
andrewkoch.com
m's vs. a's
catfish stew

seattle mariners weblogs
u.s.s. mariner
seattle p-i mariners blog
sodo oh no
sports & bremertonians
seattle mariners rants and such
hope springs eternal...
mariners analysis
mariners morsels
marinomics
evening perambulations
m's vs. a's
lookout landing

tampa bay rays weblogs
drays bay

toronto blue jays weblogs
batter's box

atlanta braves weblogs
braves journal
atlanta braves news world

chicago cubs weblogs
ivy chat
view from the bleachers
thecubdom.com
baseball diamond news
goat riders of the apocalypse
live from the wrigley field jail cell
cub town

cincinnati reds weblogs
cincinnati reds blog
red reporter
redleg nation

florida marlins weblogs
the book of mike

houston astros weblogs
astros daily

los angeles dodgers weblogs
6-4-2

new york mets weblogs
always amazin'
misery loves company
sabermets blog
metsblog.com
the metropolitans
straight flushing
amazin' avenue

philadelphia phillies weblogs
broad & pattison
philling station
balls, sticks, & stuff

pittsburgh pirates weblogs
leeeny's mien

st. louis cardinals weblogs
the cardinal virtue


shop online for replica st. louis cardinals
jerseys and other baseball apparel and memorabilia.



san diego padres weblogs
gas lamp ball

san francisco giants weblogs
mccovey chronicles
the yannigan
los angeles blues of westwood
jay's giants blog

washington nationals weblogs
ballwonk
nationals baseball
district of baseball

other sports sites
a storm is bruin (boston bruins)
foxboro ticket king
wrestling tickets online

baseball weblogs
aaron's baseball blog
concerts and sports blog
al's ramblings
ballpark digest
baseball according to felz
the baseball analysts
baseball blogs
the baseball crank
the baseball desert
baseball musings
baseball-related program activities 2004
baseball toaster
baseball writing
dominican players
the glory of baseball
the griddle
the humbug journal
julien's baseball blog
los hijos del patón (spanish)
management by baseball
only baseball matters
rating the greatest...
sabernomics
sethspeaks.net
tht live
yankee hater

magazines
the diamond angle
mudville magazine

resources
stay in the know with custom baseball magnets. all teams available.

team sites
orioles hangout (bal)
boston dirt dogs (bos)
fenwaynation (bos)
white sox interactive (chw)
orangewhoopass (hou)
the cardinals' birdhouse (stl)

minor league reports
newberg report
blue jays farm report

columnists
king kaufman (salon)

daily newspapers

los angeles times (ana)
baltimore sun (bal)
washington post (bal)
boston globe (bos)
boston herald (bos)
providence journal (bos)
chicago sun-times (chw)
chicago tribune (chw)
cleveland plain dealer (cle)
akron beacon-journal (cle)
detroit free press (det)
detroit news (det)
mlive.com (det)
kansas city star (kc)
topeka capital-journal (kc)
minneapolis s-t (min)
newsday (nyy)
new york daily news (nyy)
new york times (nyy)
nj.com (nyy)
sfgate (oak)
mercury news (oak)
contra costa times (oak)
pressdemocrat (oak)
sacramento bee (oak)
seattle times (sea)
seattle post-intelligencer (sea)
st. petersburg times (tb)
tampa tribune (tb)
fort worth s-t (tex)
dallas news (tex)
toronto star (tor)
slam! sports (tor)
atlanta journal-constitution (atl)
arizona republic (ari)
chicago sun-times (chc)
chicago tribune (chc)
cincinnati enquirer (cin)
cincinnati post (cin)
denver post (col)
rocky mt. news (col)
miami herald (fla)
orlando sun-sentinel (fla)
houston chronicle (hou)
la times (la)
milwaukee journal-sentinel (mil)
slam! sports (mon)
newsday (nym)
new york daily news (nym)
new york times (nym)
nj.com (nym)
philly.com (phi)
pittsburgh post-gazette (pit)
stl post-dispatch (stl)
san diego union tribune (sd)
sf gate (sf)
mercury news (sf)
contra costa times (sf)
pressdemocrat (sf)
sacramento bee (sf)
washington post (was)

reference
baseball almanac
baseballlibrary.com
the baseball page
baseball-reference.com
retrosheet

archives
july 2011
june 2011
may 2011
april 2011
march 2011
february 2011
january 2011
may 2005
april 2005
march 2005
february 2005
january 2005
december 2004
november 2004
october 2004
september 2004
august 2004
july 2004
june 2004
may 2004
april 2004
march 2004
february 2004
january 2004
december 2003
november 2003
october 2003
september 2003
august 2003
july 2003
june 2003
may 2003
april 2003
october 2002
september 2002
august 2002
july 2002
june 2002
may 2002
april 2002
march 2002
february 2002
january 2002
december 2001
november 2001
october 2001
september 2001
august 2001
july 2001
june 2001
may 2001
april 2001
march 2001
february 2001


powered by

blogger


comments by

enetation









tuesday, march 27, 2012



        red sox are getting ready to try again but with a new manager this year.  bobby valentine is the new skipper for the 2012 red sox and has had a very competitive and serious approach to spring training so far.  this could be a new red sox team that is eager to win.  it will be nice to see a more serious and competitive team on the field this year... after all, it's the 100 year anniversary of fenway park.labels: bobby valentine, boston, fenway park, red sox



comment





friday, september 09, 2011



results of the day for the american league of professional baseball: thursday, september 8 baltimore orioles 5 new york yankees  4/10en. toronto blue jays 7 red sox 4 boston chicago white sox 8 cleveland indians 1 seattle marineros 4 kansas city reales 1 friday, september 9 detroit tigers - minnesota twins 7:05 toronto blue jays - baltimore orioles  7:07 tampa bay rays - boston red sox 7:10 texas vigilantes -- oakland atléticos 8:05 chicago white sox - cleveland indians  8:10 los angeles angels - new york yankees  10:05 seattle marineros -- kansas city reales 10:10 all teams listed first play at home and the schedule is in  the east.



comment





monday, august 29, 2011



  	there was doubt whether derek jeter would play his 2,403rd game for the yankees on monday -- not that the captain is particularly counting.    	jeter played down the significance of his latest franchise milestone as  he passed mickey mantle's games record with his 2,402nd outing for the  bronx bombers in the first game of sunday's day-night doubleheader in  baltimore.  	"i don't even think you're aware of anything like that," jeter said,  according to mlb.com. "when you first come up, you're just trying to  keep your job and stay here as long as you can."  	compared with the excitement at his 3,000th hit, jeter suggested the appearance record was not something of great significance.  	"i don't think people get called up and look at, 'let me see who has  the games-played record for the organization.' so this one was something  i never looked at. no one ever talked about it," he said.  	while reluctant to pop open the champagne, the achievement at least allowed the shortstop to reflect on his longevity.    	"i take pride in coming and doing my job. i think that's probably the  best way to put it," jeter said. "my job is obviously to come and play  games, try to stay on the field and try to stay healthy. i've done it  for a long time, i guess."  	ironically, a bruised right knee may keep him from the yankees lineup  monday after he missed sunday's 8-3 night victory over the orioles,  having sustained the injury in the earlier game.  	jeter was a late scratch, while alex rodriguez also was sidelined with a sprained left thumb.  	"we need to get them healthy," yankees manager joe girardi said,  according to mlb.com. "it is somewhat of a concern, but hopefully  neither one of them will be out very long. i don't know if we'll have  either one of them (monday)."



comment





friday, august 26, 2011



  and that’s just what baltimore orioles infielder robert andino did last  night at target field, shagging justin morneau’s high floater into foul  territory and snagging it with his glove-less right hand during  baltimore’s 6-1 trump  over the hapless twinkies. a spectacular play, to be sure, but what i  like most about it is andino’s style, his flair for the dramatic, all  the while flying in the face of convention and all that jazz. good for  you, robert andino. you are a true individual.
        


comment





monday, august 22, 2011



  janie mccauley  the  pilot of the toronto blue jays john farrell had such confidence in his starter  luis perez who left the mound to get out of the quagmire slam in which he got,  despite that victory depended on it. the dominican 26 years took over the task calmly, as if he  had done many times. perez pitched six innings sunday in his brilliant first  major league start and, along with casey janssen, allowed one hit to the oakland  athletics to a 1-0 defeat. compatriot jose bautista provided the only run in the  seventh with his 36th homer, the highest in the majors. "i felt great, not tired," perez said after the game.  "i was glad he trusted  me to throw and ended the inning with the bases loaded." perez (3-2) allowed no runners on base until cliff  pennington was a ticket on five pitches to start the sixth. jemil weeks singled and then loaded  the bases, but perez coco crisp forced to fall into a double play which was his  last pitch of the game. the left-hander had 29 native guayubín outputs as a  reliever this season, but was starter throughout his minor league  career. "he's a guy who has confidence," said catcher jp arencibia.  "if you're going to  win, will fall by attacking the opposition." perez struck out four and walked two in a performance of 80  pitches. confused the oakland hitters with a fastball that moved in  the air and also used his changeup from time to time.it was a solid performance of a pitcher who did not work  more than four innings since may 15 when he played in the triple-a in his major league career, only  had eight outputs of two or more entries. perez said he did not think about having a perfect game nor  a hitless, but keep focused on attacking the rival batsmen. "i had not had an opening and did not know how long it  would last," he said. "i stayed mentally strong. each entry threw better and  better. i kept attacking hitters and throwing strikes." in saint petersburg, florida, the good performance of  another pitcher not enough to win: michael pineda was a flash of efficiency in another dark day for the seattle mariners. johnny damon lost in the seventh inning grand slam after  the umpires watched the video replay, but in the ninth hit the decisive homer in  the 8-7 victory for tampa bay over the mariners. pineda rookie allowed two earned runs and six hits over six  innings. prescribed  five strikeouts, which reached 148 in 147 innings this season. "we had to do to launch more speed changes to its  development," said catcher josh bard from seattle. "where we obviously wanted to make  that pitch. we feel like when (as felix) hernandez began to take  off." damon in the ninth the first release of dan cortes (0-2)  and sent it to the right field bleachers to make it your 11th homer of the  season. "(cortes) simply left the pitch very high," he said seattle  manager eric wedge. the rays were down 5-4 in the seventh when damon homered  ligated between the right center. at first it was considered a home run, but the umpires  changed their decision to a three-run double after reviewing the video.  tv replays showed the  decision was correct. jamey wright lasted only a third of an inning in relief of  pineda. he gave three bases on balls, allowed one hit and four runs  that connected the rays scored in the seventh. "within a year, possibly, we put (pineda) an additional  input," said wedge. the pilot said that 94 launches "was enough for him. that  point is exactly where we are and where he is." in other results sunday, in the american league, detroit  beat cleveland 8-7, boston 6-1 to kansas city, the new york yankees 3-0 to  minnesota, chicago white sox 10-0 to texas and the los angeles angels 7-1 to  baltimore.



comment





friday, august 19, 2011



 jorge jacobo struck out 12 batters, and the team from  mexico on thursday inaugurated the little league world series with a 3-0 win  over kaohsiung in taiwan. the right of 12 years launched a pitching gem and struck  out the last five batters he faced. this is the first time a team from  taiwan is bleached in 55 games that representatives of the island have played in  the series. the mexican team scored two runs in the top of the first  inning when carlos arellano singled and advanced to second on a sacrifice bunt.  james towed it with a  double, then scored on an rbi single by alonso garcía. james brought his own cause by hitting 3-1 with two runs  scored. and like a major league player with the experience to  temper his remarks, the pitcher 12 years shared the merit of his memorable  evening with their peers. "my teammates gave me help at the beginning and that  improved my confidence," said james. chia hao ko struck out five and allowed six hits to load  with the back over taiwan. in another match, billings won 6-4 to rapid city south  dakota. billings is  the first montana state team that participates in the little league world  series. mckenzie cole drove in two runs with a double to give the  victory to billings. in addition, the team of hamamatsu, japan, crushed 12-1 to  oranjestad, aruba. the event had special meaning for japanese children, after  a survivor of the earthquake and tsunami this year made the first  pitch. "i told the boys that they should appreciate being here to  play," said manager akihiro suzuki. "i should teach them to keep working hard and know that  this is just a sport. in the nightcap, lafayette, la., won 2-0 at robins,  georgia.



comment





monday, august 15, 2011



the series of major league weekend left  jose bautista  and albert pujols home run leaders in their respective leagues to become the  stars of the day. the power of the american bats were present and shone again  in the majors, allowing bautista to regain the lead in the al and helping pujols to  premiere the first in that paragraph in the nl. bautista returned power to his bat and hit the full turn  for the first time since august 4, not only to regain the lead in homers, but to  help the toronto blue jays beat the angels 5-4 in los angeles. the outfielder hit homer for the blue jays, and with his  homer, bautista (34) takes the lead in the majors in that paragraph, just one  day after being tied for curtis granderson (33), the yankees york.



comment





monday, august 08, 2011



        josh reddick hit the victory rbi single in the tenth inning and the boston red sox beat the yankees 3-2 to regain the lead in their division. with their second straight win, the red sox return to sole lead in the eastern division of the american league with a game lead over the yankees, who lost for the second consecutive game. the victory also allowed the red sox win the series this season against the yankees for the first time since 2004. reddick was charged with ending the game with a single to left field, pinch-runner darnell mcdonald making the difference.  



comment





monday, august 01, 2011



             former baseball player roberto alomar gives a speech to the  audience of the rogers centre during the ceremony to withdraw his number (12)  before the game between the texas rangers and toronto blue jays on sunday, july  31, 2011 in toronto. escorted by two members of the royal canadian mounted  police and flattered by the applause, the former baseball player roberto alomar  went to the center of the stadium on sunday as his number 12 was retired by the  toronto blue jays. the new hall of fame major league participated in 12  all-star games and 10 times won the gold glove is the first blue jays player  whose number is retired in the 35-year history of the  franchise. alomar played only five seasons in toronto, but those were  the glory years of the team. the blue jays won the world series in 1992 and 1993,  looking alomar at second base. alomar made a speech to the public before the game against  the texas rangers. while their numbers were unveiled at a blue banner at the  top of the center of rogers centre, a fan yelled, "i love you, robbie."  without thinking twice, alomar said, "i love you, too. i  love you all." on a stage set up in center field, right in front of a  giant number 12 covering second base, alomar was accompanied by his parents,  former manager "cito" gaston, president and general manager paul beeston, and  former teammates. wearing a dark blue suit and red tie, alomar reflected on  his career and two titles with toronto. "as a kid i never imagined that my number would be  retired," he told an audience of 45,629 fans. "we just played the game i love. my  parents taught me that no matter how much money you earn, how much success one  has or how famous one is, must always act with humility, as i have  done." this week has been a whirlwind for alomar, who along with  former general manager pat gillick was the blue jays elected new hall of fame  last weekend, becoming the first player to receive this appointment wearing the  uniform of the blue jays. "this is a day to remember for the rest of my life," alomar  said after the ceremony. "



comment





friday, july 29, 2011



the major league baseball and put  on sackcloth world to know the death of former japanese star pitcher hideki  irabu, who was found dead in a suburban residence of rancho palos verdes, a  suburb of los angeles (california). irabu, 42, was found dead by a friend who called the police  to take over the body, so far without known causes of death, but the case has  been opened as an apparent suicide . according to information provided  by the police, it appears that the former pitcher for the yankees pulled off the  same life. irabu lived in rancho palos  verdes, a luxury residential suburb, located 35 miles outside of los angeles,  but has not disclosed whether the body was found in his house, nor were details  of the tragic event revealed. it is hoped that the coroner's  office in los angeles announced in the coming days the circumstances in which  the death occurred after this weekend conducting the autopsy, but the police  investigation is already working on the hypothesis of an apparent  suicide. former major league driver, bobby valentine, currently  working as a commentator for espn television and gave irabu in japan in 1995,  said he heard the news with great sadness because he knew the former pitcher and  was a great person. irabu was considered the japanese nolan ryan in 1997, when  he came to america. but after a great debut with the yankees in the summer of  that year, never came close to meeting such expectations. when his arm was in full power was unique and could not  make contact with the ball. however, irabu was left with a mark of 34-35 and 5.15 era  after pitching three seasons with the yankees, then played two years with the  montreal expos and missing more as a reliever with the texas rangers in  2002. irabu played with two teams the yankees were crowned world  series, but his only action in the postseason was in relief in the nlcs in 1999,  when boston red sox hit him 13 hits. the arrival of irabu and hideo nomo to the majors was very  important for other japanese players follow his example and established  themselves as star players. as has happened with ichiro suzuki, seattle mariners and  hideki matsui, who currently plays with the oakland athletics.



comment





monday, july 25, 2011



boston red sox beat the seattle mariners 12x8, thanks to  kevin youkilis homer and knuckleballer tim wakefield starting pitcher, who  reached 2,000 career strikeouts. youkilis homered punished with starter michael pineda  dominican (8-7) finally defeated. meanwhile, knuckleballer wakefield (6-3), 44, became the  second player to exceed 2,000 strikeouts with the uniform, "footed" after roger  clemens. the 2,000 th wakefield fanned mike carp was in the sixth,  whose ball was given to the pitcher by his fellow catcher jarrod  saltalamacchia. clemens ended his stay in boston 2590 "chocolates."  carp punch was 2110 in  wakefield's career in the majors as it has 110 with the pittsburgh  pirates. the mariners took the ball park and shortstop miguel olivo and  brendan ryan, both against wakefield.labels: red sox, wakefield, youkilis



comment





friday, july 22, 2011



orlando hudson, the san diego padres, is helped off the  field after losing consciousness while trying to catch a ball and crashed into a  wall in the game against the florida marlins on thursday, july 21, 2011orlando  hudson, the second baseman for the san diego padres, recovered quickly from  unconsciousness on thursday after hitting  a wall. hudson was taken out on a stretcher on board of a vehicle and  placed a collar around his neck. but shortly after his team beat florida 5-3, the player  walked into the locker room and sent text messages from your  phone. the second baseman was taken to hospital and x-rays came  back negative. a team spokesman said that although hudson did not address  the team's private plane and joined the padres in philadelphia and his health  status is considered day to day. "it was a frightening time," said manager bud black.  "when a player is  unconscious, you worry. any collision with a wall or a partner causes an  uncomfortable feeling in the stomach, and i think we all feel  that." after hudson leaned forward to catch a ball in foul  territory, his momentum carried him to the padded wall. he turned just before it impacted  and because of that his neck and right shoulder were the worst  impact. hudson fell on his back with the ball in his glove.  the umpire tim timmons  called out the batter and immediately called for help.



comment





wednesday, july 20, 2011



red sox are interested in rockies ace, ubaldo jimenezthe red sox are looking for another pitcher for the rotation to ensure that there is constantly a quality pitcher on the mound for every game.  injuries have caught up with the red sox who have managed to win games through a rotation period which has seen many different pitchers.  the red sox have been relying on offense to win games, but they know that they need pitching and defense as well as offense to win games.the cincinnati reds are also said to have strong interest in ubaldo jimenez who is having an "okay" year in colorado.   jimenez is 5-8 including 2 complete games and 1 shutout with a 4.08 era.  in 2010, jimenez was an all-star, finished 3rd in the nl cy young voting and also finished in the top 25 for nl mvp voting after finishing 19-8 with a 2.88 era on the 2010 season.



comment





monday, july 18, 2011



        dustin pedroia was the hero last night as he managed to be "the muddy chicken " that won the game last night.it was a long and scoreless game last night but very beautiful as the pitchers did they best they could to get players out. after 5 hours and 44 minutes, dustin pedroia managed to hit a rbi single into the right that led reddick to score.
        


comment





friday, july 15, 2011



red sox designated hitter david ortiz has been suspended four games and fined an undiclosed amount for his altercation with orioles reliever kevin gregg on friday night at fenway park. gregg received the same four-game suspension.  orioles pitcher mike gonzalez, who threw behind ortiz on sunday, received a three-game suspension and a fine as well. as a result, manager buck showalter will serve a one-game suspension on thursday night. ortiz will begin serving his suspension friday night in tampa, unless  he decides to appeal his suspension. ortiz appealed a suspension in  2004, getting a five-game punishment reduced to three games.



comment





tuesday, july 12, 2011



        on september 30th, 1989, jose cano pitched his last game in a big league ballpark. the 27-year old from the small city of san pedro de marcoris in the domincan republic had spent his entire life trying to reach the major leagues, and now he had finally achieved his goal.throughout his six appearances that fateful season, cano gathered a lifetime of memories that he would eventually bestow upon his young son, robinson. now, 22 years later, robinson was offered a chance to repay his father on the grandest stage with one final memory that would top them all.as the all-star yankee second basemen rallied past boston's adrian gonzalez with a record-setting final round to claim the 2011 home run derby title, there jose was, pitching in a big league ballpark like it was 1989. as robinson's final titanic blast sailed over the right-center field stands, the two met in the middle of the infield, embracing in a bear hug that meant more than anyone on that field could understand."the best thing is not my swing, it's the gentleman that was throwing b.p., my dad," robinson said, as jose stood by his side reveling in the post-event glory. "i want to tell him he's one of the best fathers, thank him for the support and making me who i am today."sports are inherently about incredible stories. that's what keeps us watching year after year, disappointment after disappointment. who would have thought that here, at an exhibition event that doesn't really mean much in the grand scheme of things, we would have the pleasure of witnessing such a perfect example of the power that sports can provide.
        


comment








with a record tying final round in the books, adrian gonzalez  was assured that the title of 2011 homerun derby champion was all his.  little could he have expected, the freight train that was robinson cano would put on a historic performance that would instantly demote the incredible day of work the boston all-star had. leading into the homerun derby, vegas pegged gonzalez as an 11/2  underdog despite the fact that the former san diego padre knew the  ins-and-outs of chase field like the back of his hand, having played  within its confines a countless number of times. that knowledge paid off  immediately, as gonzalez crushed nine and eleven homeruns in the first  two rounds. by the time eliminations rolled by, the red sox  first basemen sat tied at the top of the leaderboard with an incredible  20 homeruns, most of them towering, highlight-reel shots that stunned  the arizona crowd. that momentum continued once the final round commenced, as gonzalez  rolled to a record tying 11 dingers. throughout the performance his  blasts scattered across the park in spectacular fashion. left field,  center field, right field; it didn't matter, he touched them all. in the  end, no one could have anticipated the force of nature that cano would  become, but that shouldn't marginalize the amazing show the newest red  sox all-star put on.



comment





friday, july 08, 2011



        a few years back, maybe five or six as derek jeter(notes) remembers, the shortstop sat in a spring training clubhouse examining a new york yankees  media guide with a few teammates. as they scrolled through the records  section they noticed something startling: never in the great, glorious  history of the franchise had there been a player who had 3,000 hits as a  yankee. not babe ruth. not lou gehrig. not joe dimaggio. and right there jeter had to understand the legacy he could own on a  franchise loaded with legends, several of whom were considered better  players than he. the yankees might have a garden of monuments dedicated  to home run champions and triple crown winners, but none had 3,000  yankee hits. that distinction alone would belong to jeter as long as he  stayed healthy.



comment





thursday, june 30, 2011



        the red sox have just designated of mike cameron for assignment. recalled inf yamaico navarro from pawtucket (il).
        


comment








top selling baseball tickets this seasonthis season, the top selling baseball tickets have been for the boston red sox and new york yankees... surprised?  neither am i.  other teams that have made appearances on the top 10 for sports tickets sold according to ticketnews.com.... minnesota twins, colorado rockies, chicago cubs, new york mets and a few others.fenway park is still actively adding to it's own record for most consecutive sell-outs.  if you want boston red sox tickets, you'll have to find them on fenway ticket king or offer somebody a kidney or liver!the red sox and yankees are battling for the al east lead.  boston has 1 more game against philadelphia before a trip to houston to take on the astros.  then a 3 game series at fenway park against the blue jays and a 4 game home series against baltimore before the all star break.  hopefully the sox will walk away with at least 6 out of 8 games remaining.



comment





monday, june 27, 2011



        it's getting old.... fast. they could have 3 series (9 games) and be done with it.  it seems like it's getting too long and it is affecting pitchers and designated hitters the most.  anyone else feel the same way?
        


comment










thanks for visiting.

