


the world i know
























    
	the world i know
	
  
a collection of thoughts



friday, april 13, 2012



	 
	 dose of life
	 
    


your brain on drugs, sunny side up 

twin peaks of beaks bulge and erupt

orange ash suffocating peppercorn freckles 

preserving the spicy face of morn



bananas split on whether to partake

an accoutrement procession following wake

overdosed early bird unfit to learn

became sober recipe for delectable urns 



perching the mantle above the flame

addict cracked hulls of misplaced blame

spread within the pores mourning toast 

to life’s preferably disorderly approach



posted by don kinney at 4:41 pm

       |
      0 comments






thursday, march 08, 2012



	 
	 the curious cat
	 
    


up a tree the child wentafter a careless but curious petcuriosity got the better of onethe other too worried to allow any funso up they went, branch to branchcreating an elegant, but ephemeral dance
the child slipped and fell back to earthwithout fear, for what it's wortha few snapped branches but not any bonesjust a sore ass and a handful of moansequal in heart, the pet returned to checkto make sure the child had not broken his neck
together again and safe as of nowthe pet thanked with a lick and a loving meowthen back up the tree it wentbecause it was a cat, a curious pet



posted by don kinney at 12:59 pm

       |
      0 comments






friday, february 24, 2012



	 
	 the answer - part 2
	 
    


the following is the second half of the previously posted short story.


            a week had passed and janet still had not returned
for any of her belongings. admitting defeat, i had packed all of her clothes
into her set of suitcases and placed them along the hallway downstairs so she
could haul them out with very little effort. i had also left her a voicemail
stating that i would not be home this afternoon, so “if you’re trying to avoid
me, then that would probably be the best time to pick up your stuff.” i was too
concerned with the only job interview i was able to cement to contemplate
whether or not she would actually come. 

            when
i left the house i was every bit confident that i would make the job interview
on time. i had a full ten minute buffer in case anything went wrong, and i did
not expect anything to slow my journey into the city, not even traffic. it was
the middle of the afternoon and all those that could potentially stand in my
way had already reached their destination. i had not accounted for the office
building’s faulty elevator, which unceremoniously malfunctioned half a minute
after i had entered. 

            but
i was not alone. a blonde-haired woman dressed in elegant business attire was
the elevator’s only other occupant. she was pretty; something nice to admire to
help pass the time, and to help keep my mind off of the fact that i would miss
not only my job interview, but also my chance for a position at the most
prestigious law firm in the city. i made a mental note to sue whoever it was
that was supposed to keep this elevator running smoothly. 

            i
frantically pushed both the open door button and the emergency call button,
with no immediate results. 

            “first
time trapped in an elevator?” the woman asked distantly, as she tapped the
buttons on her cell phone so quickly that my eyes couldn't keep up. 

            “i
can always spot the newbs,” she added. 

            “there’s
just some place i need to be right now. that’s all.”

            “wearing
out the buttons won’t do you or the elevator any good. isn’t that how machinery
breaks down? when we push it too far? when we expect too much from it?” 

            i
didn’t know. and i was confident that she didn’t expect a response. i gave up
on the buttons, placed my recently purchased pineider leather briefcase on the
floor, and watched the woman wear down her phone’s buttons. 

            “does
this happen frequently?” i asked, curious. 

            she
shot me a quick glance and then returned her attention to her phone, as if that
would make me any less curious about the faulty elevator. 

            she
finished pummeling her phone and placed it between her breasts. i admired them
for a split second and then forced my eyes away. she was wearing an open v-neck
shirt that showcased more than half of her breasts. she either enjoyed watching
men drool over her cleavage or she had still not figured out which size shirt
she wore, and at her age the latter would have been downright difficult to
comprehend. i stared at my reflection in the opposite wall panel and thought of
all the films i had seen that involved a plain man trapped with a beautiful
woman, nothing to do. i imagined all the possibilities. 

            “these
things tend to work themselves out at their own pace. somebody in this building
knows the elevator has stopped and is working to fix it. you just need to be
patient.”

            i
nodded, not really paying attention to her words. i was still thinking about
her divine breasts. i realized that i still needed to cross off
have-sex-with-a-beautiful-woman-in-an-elevator from my bucket list. this might
prove to be my best chance. actually, i had added that to my bucket list only
moments prior, but i felt that it was a worthy addition. the job interview was
gone. i needed something rewarding to replace it. and this woman symbolized
rewarding. 

            “what
do you normally do?” i asked.

            “i’m
sorry?”

            “to
pass the time. you’re obviously a frequent victim of this elevator. how do you
normally keep from losing your mind?” 

            “i
do what i’m doing right now.”

            i
stepped closer to the back of the elevator, back where she stood. she eyed me
defensively. 

            “and
what exactly are you doing right now? you don’t seem to be doing much.”

            “is
there something i should be doing?”

            “i
don’t know. i’m the newb, remember? this is your territory. paint me a picture
of your journeys up and down the faulty elevator.” 

            “i
usually keep to myself and keep my mouth shut.” she proceeded to zip my mouth
shut with an imaginary zipper and then flicked her fingers as if she were
tossing away a key. i don’t think she realized that zippers don’t need keys,
but i still realized what she meant by it. i nodded in acknowledgement and
returned to my previous spot next to my briefcase. i had irritated her to the point that she clearly never wanted me to speak again.
i obviously didn’t know what i was doing. i had already proved that with janet.
i wasn’t going to be able to pull this off. this woman wanted her privacy and i
would give it to her. 

            the
woman’s breasts vibrated. i assumed it was because of her phone and not some
weird medical condition. if it was a medical condition and not her phone, i
probably would have ripped open the elevator doors like the incredible hulk and
fled as quickly as possible, just in case it was contagious. but it was her
phone, thank goodness. she retrieved it and once again began wearing down its
buttons, which was apparently how she preferred to pass the time. i would
follow suit. i pushed each and every elevator button numerous times, mainly for
shits and giggles, though i did expect something to happen at some point.
nothing did. if somebody actually knew this elevator was stuck, that somebody
was taking their sweet ole time doing something about it.

            i
once again gave up on the buttons. when i turned around the woman was glaring
at me, much to my surprise. what the hell had i done? and then it slowly dawned
on me. i was pushing her buttons. this was her elevator. this was her
territory. this was her happy place, and i was invading it. i briefly considered
the notion that she was the actual cause of the faulty elevator. that she had
planned it in some manner, maybe even working in conjunction with the “somebody
in the building” that was supposed to be fixing it. i decided that that would
be too much trouble for a woman who couldn’t make enough of an effort to buy an
appropriately sized shirt. i stared at my reflection in the opposite wall panel
and thought of all the films that involved a plain man being murdered by a
beautiful woman over a simple misunderstanding, a simple, unnecessary act of
fate. i didn’t want to imagine all of the possibilities.

            she
returned her phone to its cushioned slot and proceeded to stand opposite me,
glaring as if i had offended her in some manner. and perhaps i did. my happy
place was my king-sized bed. if somebody i didn’t know invaded it, i would most
likely be upset, as well. 

            “i’m
sorry,” i stated sincerely. “i won’t touch anything else. i’ll be on my best
behavior.”

            she
seemed to sense that i was being truthful about that. her glare slowly dissipated,
though she continued to stare at me, which made me slightly uncomfortable. i
looked up at the continually blinking fluorescent light and thought of all the
places i would rather be and all the things i would do in those places, such as
fishing on the lake near my family’s summer home, an activity clearly stated on
one of my bumper stickers.

            “you’re
here for the job interview,” she stated. 

            i
returned my attention to her a moment after the light stopped its blinking,
after it decided that it wanted to shine more than it wanted to fade away. i
finally noticed that she was tired, physically and emotionally. i finally
understood why she rode the faulty elevator. 

            “you
don’t want to work here,” she added unemotionally. 

            her
breasts vibrated again, which i didn’t enjoy as much as last time. she sighed
and retrieved her phone. 

            the
elevator suddenly came back to life and hummed with satisfaction. too bad
neither of its occupants was satisfied. i watched the woman as she stared in
dread at the circular floor numbers as they lit up, slowly but surely, one
after the other. 

            i
pulled the emergency stop button, effectively halting the elevator. i then
snatched the phone out of her hands and threw it against the back wall panel,
shattering it into so many pieces that she would need a magnifying glass to find the smallest pieces.  

            the
woman stared at me, shocked at first, but then a smile slowly formed across her
face. it was a beautiful smile, despite the fact that it was one of those
closed-lipped smiles, a defensive smile. this woman clearly found very little
enjoyment in her life. but i knew of a way to fix that. i stepped forward and
kissed the woman. she didn’t seem to mind, so i kissed her again. it didn’t
take too much tongue wrestling for me to realize that something was wrong. i
pulled away from her and glanced at her closing mouth in time to spot braces.
braces! she wasn’t too fond of my reaction to them, but she also wasn’t
surprised. 

            “it’s
okay. my boyfriend doesn’t like ‘em, either,” she said.

            i
smiled in amusement. why was i not surprised that she had a boyfriend? it
seemed that every woman i wanted to bed had a boyfriend. even girlfriends of mine
had boyfriends. 

            she
reached into the space between her breasts, the space where she formerly used
to carry her phone, and withdrew her business card. 

            “but
if you think you can grow accustomed to ‘em, you should give me a call,” she
added as she handed the card to me.  

            “anything
else you keep in there?” i asked. she smiled and replied, “no, that’s it. we
all have our limits.” i nodded in agreement, though i was sure her breasts
could have properly secured many more objects. i wisely kept that observation
to myself. 

            i
set the elevator back in motion as she knelt down to collect the pieces of
her phone. when the elevator stopped i politely let the woman go ahead of me. i
followed her halfway down the hallway, to the law firm that i could still have an
interview with despite my tardiness, before i stopped to decide if this was
really what i wanted. the woman entered the law office and was instantly
berated by an older man. in response she simply showed him her broken phone.
not only did i turn around and leave – via the staircase, not the elevator – i
also threw out the woman’s business card. this was how janet had saved me. i
learned through her departure that if i was going to be stuck, then i needed to
be stuck on my own terms. the world had already forced enough of its own onto
me. from this point forward i needed to assume full control of my life.  

            in
the end i had no regrets about janet, the woman in the elevator, or the job
interview, mainly because by the end of the day i had found the love of my life
– and because janet had stopped by and taken away everything that would have
reminded me of her. instead of heading straight home after my elevator ordeal,
i stopped at the pet store at the plaza nearest my house and purchased the
puppy that should have already been my dog of two or three years. it was a
female rottweiler, pit-bull mix, so she would probably grow up to be a terror,
an adorable terror. but i didn’t care. no matter how much we wore one another
out, we would not give up on one another, and, in turn, we would never find
ourselves stuck. those were terms i could live with. 



posted by don kinney at 7:49 pm

       |
      0 comments






thursday, february 23, 2012



	 
	 the answer - part 1
	 
    


the following is the first half of a short story i've been working on. the second half will come shortly.


           we had fought for two long, exhaustive hours, but
unlike professional boxers we were not throwing punches, we were throwing
insults. this was something new that janet and i did. before moving in
together, we had never fought. we had never argued. in fact, now that i think
about it, i don’t think we had ever had a substantial disagreement. but things
were different now. and as i sat alone at the dining room table, staring at the
bowl of fruit in front of me, i wondered if things would always be this way. i
wondered if janet and i could go back to the way we were. i did not have an
answer. and either ironically or poetically, perhaps both or possibly neither,
my inability to provide answers was one of the most significant issues janet had
with me. 

            i
wasn’t insulted that janet thought i could never provide an answer to an issue
i faced alone, an issue she faced and sought out my advice on, or an issue we
faced together. i was a man, a human being. do any of us really have the
answers? i wasn’t sure we even knew all of the questions. janet had questions,
though – far too many, in my honest opinion. but i loved her. i wanted to be
able to provide the answers. perhaps i couldn’t. perhaps i didn’t know enough.
the only thing i currently knew was that moving in together may not have been
the best idea. 

            i
needed a drink. i stood and entered the kitchen, where the steak dinner i had
lovingly labored over still sat untouched. i may not be able to provide janet
with answers but at least i could provide her with fresh, home-cooked meals. i
took care of her – not financially, as i was currently one of those in-betweeners
who could never seem to catch a break. i cooked. i cleaned. i ran all of our
errands. i did all of those things that, according to society, she was supposed
to do. in a recession, depression, or any other uninspiring economic state all
societal roles go out the window. they no longer hold any sort of value.
everyone – male or female, young or old – does what they must to survive. for
janet and i to survive in this house, in this economy, i had to play the role
of the housekeeper and janet had to play the role of the moneymaker. i had
accepted my temporary role in this partnership. i had only assumed that janet
had, as well. 

            i
settled on a glass of water instead of my usual bottle of beer, as i did not
want my judgment hampered this evening. i drank half of the glass and then returned
to the dining room table at least partially refreshed. i set down the glass
next to the bowl of fruit. i may have been alone but that didn’t mean that the
fruit bowl and the glass couldn’t enjoy each other’s company. 

            i
began to wonder what janet was doing upstairs. she hadn’t made a sound, not a
peep. she typically made it clear how she felt by rearranging furniture, or by
destroying it – usually things that i owned; nothing that belonged to her, as
would be expected. but i had heard nothing. no rustling. no creaking of the
floorboards. no unnecessary breakage. the more i thought about it the more i
worried. what could she be doing up there? i needed to find out. i downed what
was left of my glass of water, stood, and strode up the stairs, continually
reminding myself not to say or do anything that could make matters worse, not
that i knew what any of those things were. 

            i
reached the bedroom to find the door closed. i placed an ear against the cool,
polished wood and listened intently, but i still heard nothing. either janet
was doing nothing or she had finally mastered the seemingly lost art of
silence. if i had to guess, i would say that it was the former. i lifted a hand
to knock on the door and then realized how ridiculous that would have been. it
was my bedroom as much as it was hers. i didn’t need to knock. i didn’t need
permission to enter. so i twisted the surprisingly cold doorknob, opened the
door cautiously, and stepped into the room. 

            janet
sat on the edge of the king-sized bed, staring at a framed photograph of her
and i at her office’s most recent christmas party – i quickly learned that
professionals found any excuse to liquor themselves up and do things that they
would later come to regret, things that janet seemed to be drawn to lately,
things that i suggested she not become too fond of. beside her on the bed was a
suitcase half-filled with clothes that she wore on a regular basis. 

            “after
everything, you’re just going to give up?” i asked.

            janet
stood and placed the framed photograph back on the nightstand, face down. 

            “i’m
not the one that gave up.” news to me, a cold hard fact to her. 

            as
i approached the suitcase she strolled around me to gather more clothes for the
suitcase, not once making eye contact with me. i removed the clothes she had
already placed in the suitcase and returned them to the dresser. 

            “must
you make everything so difficult?” she asked. 

            janet
returned to the suitcase, neatly stacked the clothes she had retrieved, and
then stepped away to gather more. i returned a moment after that, realizing
this time that the suitcase was one of mine and not one of hers. it was either
an honest mistake or a part of her believed that she would return. i foolishly
believed it was the latter. 

            “you
know, we never got a dog,” i said. “we always talked about it. i don’t know why
we didn’t.”

            “sheila
volunteers at an animal shelter on the weekends. i’ll give you her number.”

            “we
can afford to get a new dog, a puppy even. i have the time to train it and keep
it in check.” 

            janet
returned with more clothes and leaned around me, pressed against me, so she
could reach the suitcase. i removed her previous stack to give her as much room
as possible. as she pressed against me, her left breast cushioning her, i caught
a whiff of her shampoo. it was strong, as if she had recently showered. i
instantly felt intoxicated. the worst part was that she didn’t even need an
elegantly fruity shampoo to smell like a goddess. her natural scent was
intoxicating enough. the shampoo only intensified it. this helped me realize that
i could not do without her scent in my life, that i could not do without her. it
would be difficult to let her go. she might have to kill me to effectively end
the relationship. 

            “your
time would be better spent doing something productive,” she said. “a dog would
only slow you down. as if you haven’t been slowed enough already.” 

            “what
is that supposed to mean?” 

            “it’s
a common belief that actions speak louder than words. and they do. but there’s
one thing that speaks louder than action: lack of action. your inability to act
to improve your life and improve our relationship tells me everything. i know
exactly where you stand.”

            as
soon as janet finished placing her new stack into the suitcase i removed it and
stepped away. she moved to gather more clothes from one side of the dresser as
i stuffed the two stacks i had into the other side. 

            to
make my job easier i had left the dresser drawers open so i wouldn’t have to
constantly open and close them. this is something that burglars did: open drawers
one by one starting at the bottom, and then leave them all open once finished.
closing drawers was a waste of valuable time. i wasn’t necessarily trying to
save time, just buying myself some more while my brain worked up a long term
solution to my current predicament. janet accidentally bumped into the drawers
and groaned in disapproval in my general direction. 

            “for
christ’s sake, you’re not even doing it correctly.”

            janet
placed the new stack she had onto the bed and then proceeded to fix all of the
stacks i had put away, because i wasn’t obsessive compulsive enough when it
came to stacking clothes in dresser drawers. i moved to her position and took
the stack she placed onto the bed and returned it to where she got it. 

            janet
returned to the suitcase empty-handed as if to remove a stack of clothing from
it, only to find the suitcase empty. she finally realized what i had been
doing.

            “dammit,
mike.” janet sighed, then strode away and left the room. i zipped up the
suitcase and placed it with the rest of the set on the floor in the back of the
closet. 

            when
i arrived back in the dining room, to what had become the place where i could
think most clearly, i had expected janet to either be breaking something or
rearranging something. she was doing neither, because she was no longer in the
house, and her car was no longer in the driveway. a couple of months prior i
had installed a gps tracking application onto my phone for both my car and
janet’s car. i did not do it so i could track her – i trusted her much more
than a man should ever trust a woman. i did it just to see if i could. tonight,
however, i would use it to track her. i needed to know where she could go
without a fresh set of clothes. 

            i
drove for twenty minutes on familiar streets to an apartment complex
predominately recent college graduates. the township neglected this area of
town, for reasons unknown to all, so the lack of streetlights worked to my
advantage. janet would not be able to see me even if she had made an effort to
look, even if she had known she was followed. after a moment i realized that i
would not be able to see her, either. luckily, i caught her figure in an
apartment on the third floor. she was in the company of a well-maintained young
man. they gazed at one another the same way janet and i did when we first met,
when we were still discovering each other. i watched, heartbroken, as they
touched one another in ways that i had become unfamiliar with. 

            i
briefly considered continuing my journey after her, confronting her in the
presence of her new lover, but then i thought better of it. i thought of how
hard it was for me to change myself, to alter all the habits that held me back,
that stunted my potential, and i realized that i would never be able to change
her, especially not her opinions of me. and even if i could, i would have to
change myself first. i would have to prove that i could be a better man. as i
drove back home i came to believe that she had not only effectively killed the
relationship, but that she had effectively killed me. but i was wrong. she
saved me. i just didn’t know it yet.



posted by don kinney at 4:29 pm

       |
      0 comments






friday, february 17, 2012



	 
	 introductions
	 
    


i'm currently taking a creative writing class at penn state. one of the first assignments was to write five different introduction paragraphs for any particular story. i decided on a scene from an unwritten film of mine, a film far down on my list so it probably won't be written any time soon. i'm posting the first three introductions, mainly just for the sake of posting something. i wasn't a fan of the final two introductions, so i don't intend on posting them. enjoy.

intro 1:

            “i know it’s late, sweetie, but we’ll be home
soon.” my mother, comforting me as usual. but i don’t need comfort right now; i
need sleep. it’s been five hours since my father’s insanely boring invite-only science
conference began. the final two of those hours were spent watching my father
trying to evade a torrent of nonsensical conversations, courtesy of all the
lower level associates desperately seeking attention from the scientific
community’s most powerful man. and so here we are: a deserted residential
street in south philadelphia, one hour past my bedtime. i’m three years old, by
the way. you don’t want to know how three-year-olds respond to lack of sleep.
it’s not an event worth witnessing, much like the event that will begin in
three seconds. an event that begins with a careless driver running a red light
and slamming into my mother’s old jeep grand cherokee. an event that ends with
the death of my mother. despite my mother’s well-intentioned, comforting words,
she was wrong. we would not be home soon. 



intro 2:

            if
my mother’s old jeep grand cherokee was a front-loading clothes washer, then
the glass from its broken windows would be the clothes, and our blood the
detergent. the vehicle rolled more times than i could count – but i was only
three years old, not much of a counter. invading light from the waning gibbous
moon informed me that this mini tumble would most likely not end well. when the
vehicle finally came to rest i didn’t care to know how many times it had
rolled, only why my mother sat motionless with a look of death flooding into
her eyes, blood pouring out of an extensive gap in her forehead. i felt numb,
not because i was severely hurt, but because i was scared.



intro 3: 

            two
hours spent involuntarily measuring my father’s ability to evade nonsensical
conversations only to further be held back by a red light, perhaps the longest
red light i’ve ever encountered. traffic lights in philadelphia can be
frustrating; green to red in a manner of seconds, red to green in a manner of
generations. i could sense that my mother was as frustrated as i was. she
stared at the bright red circle as if she was conversing with it
telepathically; convincing it to end its ever-recurring life so she could get
home and enjoy at least one glass of wine before bed. it listened and instantly
vanished, allowing its green friend another brief moment of purpose. my mother
pulled into the intersection without any hesitation, free at last, only to be
blindsided by a careless driver. our vehicle rolled more times than i could
count. 



posted by don kinney at 7:21 pm

       |
      0 comments






thursday, february 16, 2012



	 
	 the return
	 
    


i started this blog many years ago and really didn't do much with it. lately i've been itching to get back to it. it's been five years since i've posted anything and will begin posting a variety of things very shortly. all previous posts have been deleted, mainly because i want to start fresh. i hope you enjoy what's to come.



posted by don kinney at 10:45 pm

       |
      0 comments










previous posts

dose of life
the curious cat
the answer - part 2
the answer - part 1
introductions
the return

archives

february 2012
march 2012
april 2012


about me

name:  don kinney 
location:  east coast, united states 
writer and cinephile
view my complete profile







 all published materials on this site are copyright 2012 don kinney. all rights reserved. 







