













goff rugby report | reporting on high school, college, select side and youth rugby in america






























skip to main content







 




 








       







search form

search 





 





 



main menucollege mencollege womenhs boyshs girlsla 7s & laielite 7s 





 








 
 
 hs boys, rankings
hs boys school top 50 week 6  

 








  
 gameday a massive success for city honors on tour  

  
 men d1a rankings week 21  

  
 vancouver svns next; here's where we stand  

 





 



the goff rugby report


























 college men, rankings

men d1a rankings week 21
we were all set to make major changes this week and instead ... well, the rankings were backed up.
penn state one spot ahead of umw? penn state wins by a try.
life #2 and lindenwood #4? life wins by four points.
more college men, rankings news »
 
 
  

 






 
 
 goff rankings

hs boys school top 50 week 6
we have a new #1.
more goff rankings »
  

 






 college women

help nominate a player for the ma sorensen award
fans and college team players and coaches can help nominate a player for the ma sorensen award.
more college women news »
 
 
  

 






 
 
 elite 7s, youth

national 7s youth rugby championship registration is open
the national 7s youth rugby championship is back for another year and will return to walsh university in north canton, ohio.
more elite 7s, youth news »
  

 






 hs girls

gameday a massive success for city honors on tour
city honors girls team out of the buffalo area is on tour in italy with irish rugby tours.
sunday was gameday #1 at lupi frascati rugby just outside of rome.
more hs girls news »
 
 
  

 


















tweet widgetshare on facebook 



















   

 

































 





















 





              
the goff rugby report is run by alex goff and concentrates on hs and college rugby, and the usa national teams.
see our re-print and re-post policy
 





© copyright 2025 goff rugby report and goff communications, llc
website development: 4x3, llc





















about us
contact us
more women's news 
 









college men
college women
hs boys
hs girls
la 7s & lai
elite 7s
 














