


mutation chinchilla breeders association - home































mutation chinchilla breeders association






















							home
						



							our organization
						





			national board of directors 
		





			state and regional chapters
		







							directories
						





			breeder directory
		





			rancher websites
		







							your chinchilla
						





			history
		





			care
		





			genetics
		





			health
		





			gestation chart
		







							new breeder help
						





			record keeping
		





			membership application 
		





			ranch brands
		>






			ranch brands list
		








			pedigree card
		







							chinchilla shows
						





			show information
		





			upcoming shows
		





			show results
		













welcome!



mcba, inc. is an international organization of chinchilla breeders with chapters spread throughout the world. its function is to provide education on the humane care of chinchillas, to share information on chinchilla genetics and the breeding of healthy, quality animals and to help commercially market and promote chinchillas and chinchilla products. a national board of directors is in place to move the organization forward, and to see that individual chapters work towards achieving our goals.




  quality standards for all variations of chinchillas are set with emphasis on increasing and maintaining a  high standard of excellence in the industry. regularly scheduled seminars and  show competitions with experienced  judges are held to educate the breeders and compare their animals with others throughout the country.   genetic articles and research is done to further information for chinchilla breeders and veterinarians to help maintain the health and well-being of our animals. a newsletter is published periodically to educate and guide our membership.



we need your help!how would you like pictures of your chinchillas to be featured in the mcba magazine and/or website?send all inquires to jordan manalo at mcbaeditor@gmail.com or ​kyle lemler at lemlerchinchillas@yahoo.com




like us on facebook! 



















 

 



web hosting by fatcow








