










city of winfield, alabama





























 







 







 








 

 




home




  departments

  





back




fire department






police department






mayor's office






water department






winfield park & rec






streets & sanitation dept.

 






back




notice to solid waste customers






automated garbage truck policies












municipal court






winfield public library










  government

  





back




mayor & council






council agendas






planning commission






municipal boards






city ordinances






resolutions






public notices










  resident services

  





back




apartment complexes






churches






community storm shelter






hospital/medical services






utilities






winfield housing authority












education






contact us











 












					mule day 2022 - the parade featured many beautiful horses and their riders.				










					mule day 2022 - antique tractors rolling through town!				










					mule day 2022 - the mules are back!				










					a memorial to one of our own				










					pastime civic center complex				










					winfield middle school				










					winfield public library				










					winfield community center				










					ivan k. hill park				










					winfield city hall				










					fun at the pastime theatre				










					holidays downtown winfield				










					northwest medical center				






1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13










 






quick info






					city council meets on 1st and 3rd tuesdays at 5:30 p.m. in the city hall council chambers.				





					zoning map available here. click to view the map or download a copy to your computer.				





					click to renew business licenses online				





					click to pay solid waste bills online				




›
‹















			agenda - 02-18-25		

winfield city council meetingtuesday, february 18, 20255:30 pm winfield city hall

approve the minutes from february 4, 2025
discussion using alafile for solid waste small claims
old business
approve accounts payable
adjourn

there will also be a work session at 4:30 p.m. before the council meeting. the topic of discussion will be the winfield city court diversion plan




			arbor day tree giveaway		


the annual arbor day tree giveaway will be on thursday, february 20 in front of city hall. the hours will be fom 9:00 a.m. until 11:00 p.m.




			agenda - 02-04-25		

winfield city council meetingtuesday, february 4, 20255:30 pm – council meetingwinfield city hall

approve the minutes from january 21, 2025
janitorial bids for police department
pastime theatre board appointments - nick posey and kevin garner
tree city- arbor day proclamation
old business
approve accounts payable
adjourn







			agenda - 01-21-2025



			agenda - 01-07-2025



			athletic coordinator position anounced



			pastime theatre announce 2025 concert series





				page 1 of 22			

start
prev
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 next
end












 search our site












electronic records and signatures ordinance

you may view the city of winfield's ordinance no. 984 on electronic records and electronic signatures by clicking the button below:










resources


main streetmain street projects

pastime theatre

chamber of commerce
mule daymule day forms



business licenses

business license application
renew business license online











livestream from downtown winfield


view live video from downtown winfield









city of winfield garbage department information


notice to solid waste customers
automated garbage truck policies
garbage account application










solid waste payments

the city of winfield customers can now pay their solid waste bills online 24/7 with a credit card, debit card, or ach (echeck). this service is provided through pay n seconds, a third party payment processor, specializing in secure bill payment options.








 bank draft for garbage fees
the city of winfield offers automatic bank draft service for payment of garbage collection fees. to sign up for this service, download the debit authorization form below, fill it out and return it to city hall. your garbage collection fees will be automatically deducted from your bank account each month.
download bank draft form







council agenda request













 

 





we're big on education first rate schools for all the city of winfield has always taken pride in having one of the finest school systems in the state. we're committed to providing a first-class education to our students. this commitment is the reason many people choose to live in winfield. read more 









 

 public information



city council agendas view current and past city council agendas. the city council provides these records for to inform citizens about the topics of discussion at council meetings.




city ordinances ordinances passed by the city of winfield






 thanks for visiting our site
thanks for visiting the official website for the city of winfield, alabama. we hope you find the information you are seeking.
please browse the site and see the many reasons we believe winfield is one of the best places to live in the entire usa!
 if we can be of assistance to you, please click the contact link at the top of this page. we'll be glad to help you!



 contact details


 call us 205-487-4337


 office 111 bankhead highway


 email us admin@winfieldcity.org








 

            ©
    2007 -     2025
    city of winfield, alabama
            







