


 




bayhorse gazebos & barns |  home page























 




















    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    


















links

 












        compare        ()
    



sign in

contact uscreate an account 








toggle nav
















        advanced search    





search









 





cart



0








          shopping cart          























                        menu                    




shedsin-stock shedsboard & batten shedslp smartside shedsvinyl shedsclapboard shedstrash can shedsfirewood shedsgazeboscustom order - wood octagoncustom order - wood ovalcustom order - wood rectanglecustom order - vinyl octagoncustom order - vinyl ovalcustom order - vinyl rectanglein-stock gazebospergolascustom order - wood traditionalcustom order - wood artisancustom order - vinyl traditionalcustom order - vinyl artisancustom order - wood kingstonmodel pergolaspavilionscustom order - traditional woodcustom order - traditional vinylcustom order - hamptoncustom order - alpine woodcustom order - santa fe vinylcustom order - santa fe cedarcustom order - a-frame woodcustom order - a-frame vinylcustom order - bellavue vinylmodel pavilionsgaragesin-stock garagesmodel garagesamish garage raising videosboard & batten garageslp smartside garagesvinyl garagesclapboard garageshorse barnsin-stock horse barnscustom order - run-in shedscustom order - shed row barnscustom order - lean-to buildingscustom order - monitor horse barnscustom order - high country horse barnscustom order - trailside horse barnsanimalschicken coopsdog housesdog kennelsrabbit hutchesgoat barnsfurniturepatiova wood furniturepatiova poly furniturein-stock furniturefinch poly furnituredecorin-stock outdoor decorarborswindmillslighthousesplaysetsin-stock play setswood play setsswing kingdom - poly play setsplayhouses

gallery

 





                        account                    


 





save hundreds on a new gazebo, pergola or pavilion! save 10% (up to $1,000) on a new swing kingdom playset! double rebates on patiova wood furniture, poly furniture and wood playsets! offers good through friday, february 28th! 






















 







 
google reviews
















                                        we have nothing but good words to say about bay horse.  shopping was great - no high pressure.  delivered as promised. installation was the best part - perfect - amazing pad and fit.  100% satisfied                                    







                                frank cardinal                                26 apr 2024



















                                        it was great working with michelle. every answer was “we can do that”. we had a request that included a header to center the door which wasn’t a problem for them. other places were not able to do this. they handled everything from start to finish. the delivery crew was very experienced and professional. we could not be happier. thank you!                                    







                                jeremy disalvo                                02 feb 2024



















                                        thank you, bayhorse gazebos & barns! your crew was efficient & very professional with this shed! having to build on site isn't always the easiest, especially without a lot of clearance to get into the yard. everything was done perfectly!                                    







                                traci kluge                                02 aug 2023



















                                        so happy with my purchase from bayhorse. i wanted two matching outdoor couches for my house and gerry had tons of color and fabric options. they are so comfortable and beautiful. the wood is similar to polywood product but better and the fabric is sunbrella so i know these are going to last a long time.                                    







                                erica leo                                27 jul 2023



















                                        wow! looked at several types of businesses like bayhorse in the area and decided to go with them based on their kindness, ease to work with and michelle's and gerry's ability for you to get exactly what you want! the process to nail down a custom design of a shed for my business's office was really painless and reassuring. we had permit issues with my town that required some back and forth with them that they were so patient with and handled so generously. building quality is excellent! lot's of positives to bayhorse! michelle is the best! in short, our farm will definitely buy from them again and will recommend others to them too! btw, tim the delivery guy was like a brain surgeon with the hydraulic bed setting down our 14x28 structure in less than ideal terrain!!                                    







                                d. rooney                                20 dec 2022



















                                        bayhorse is a company you can trust from day one till completion of your project.  gerry and michell will answer all your questions and keep you up to date on everything.
love my 2 car garage i ordered from them.
quality of product is fantastic.                                    







                                bill zeeh                                11 oct 2022



















                                        we are delighted with our new amish built two car garage from bayhorse gazebos & barns.   gerry thorpe managed the entiren project and dealt with the town for the building permit, contracted with the mason for the foundation slab and coordinated with the electrician.  in a process similar to a barn raising, the amish crew from pennsylvania, along with the bayhorse team, put up the garage in a single day.  our expectations were more than satisfied by the high quality finished product.                                    







                                g wright                                17 aug 2022



















                                        about 15 years ago we bought an 8'x12' shed at bayhorse. we regret leaving it with the house when we moved. fast forward to 3 years ago, needed a garage built at the new house. it was a no brainer, drove to bayhorse, spoke with gerry, plans for a custom, 2 story, 2 car, 24'x24' garage where drawn up, tweaked and we were ready to roll. then, lockdown. obviously, out of everyone's control, then supply delays, again, covid not bayhorse. when the world opened back up our garage arrived in two giant pieces. next day, roof and shingles were on, siding up ... and done! 2 days! technically 1 day. pretty awesome to watch the delivery and very impressive to see it completed in a day. there were a few hiccups afterward but one conversation with gerry and tim and his guys were back here to take care of it the next day. i hope i never need to build another anything ever again but if i do, no brainer, bayhorse. thanks to everyone that contributed. especially bill for being so patient with all the many design changes. highly recommend bayhorse!                                    







                                shane cook                                17 aug 2022



















                                        i have purchased several buildings from bayhorse and each time it has been a wonderful experience. i am very happy with the quality of the buildings which receive a lot of wear and tear given they are on a working farm. i recommend them highly to anyone who is looking for buildings or outdoor furniture.                                    







                                vinh tran                                17 aug 2022



















                                        we had a customized pergola installed from bayhorse and the experience was great. from consultation through installation the folks at bayhorse were courteous, responsive and professional. i would recommend them for your home improvement needs.                                    







                                keith sirois                                17 aug 2022



















                                        we were having our backyard renovated and our contractor was originally supposed to build us a pavilion only for us to realize that he was building it incorrectly and did not seem safe.  we had a family gathering coming up in 5 weeks and needed shade in our southern exposed backyard.  i found bayhorse will browsing on the internet and found that they had the best pricing. not only did they have the best pricing, they were able to turn the pavilion around in a quicker timeline than when i originally called to accommodate our gathering. i worked with both gerry and sherri and they were both helpful and extremely friendly.  they were responsive with all the emails/questions i had and also the changes we had made after we've placed the order.  we also paid for the delivery and assembly which i highly recommend. the delivery people were early and finished assembling our 14x18 pavilion in 3 hours!  it's a beautiful product and we've received so many compliments on it already.  i would highly recommend bayhorse                                    







                                donna evita pascual killian                                09 sep 2019







reviewed with a score of 
4.7 / 5.0
 based on 


                                117 reviews.
                            












get a quote for





customer name







customer email







phone number







comment









submit









business hours: monday - wednesday: 9:00 am - 4:30 pm | thursday: by appointment only | friday: 9:00 am - 4:30 pmsaturday: 9:00 am - 2:00 pm | sunday: closed 






information
location and directions
about bayhorse
project gallery
finch furniture visualizer
google reviewscustomer service
customer service faq
bayhorse truck delivery
tax documents for your project
backyard finance
smartpay rent-to-own
gp vinyl siding
lp smartside siding
gaf roof shingles
iko roof shingles
community
hope on a mission
make-a-wish
sparrow's nest charity
the arc mid-hudson

millbrook horse trials
contact
bayhorse gazebos & barns2 academy hilll roadred hook, ny 12571
(845) 758-1054
sales@bayhorse.com
 




© 2025 bayhorse gazebos & barns. all rights reserved. 



 © 2025 bayhorse gazebos & barns. all rights reserved. 



 









 

