






purly rae gates – singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, cowgal poet
































		skip to content	



 



purly rae gates
singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, cowgal poet








    menu	
home
adult/general audience
shows for seniors
cowgal music & poetry
youth and family programs  

school and family concert themes + comments
residencies & workshops
instrument making workshops
pre-k and early elementary programs


workshops for teachers/staff
songs/poems  

song lyrics


book purly gates now!
media  

bio
photos
testimonials
recordings & videos for adults and children
videos


film/video & soundtrack work
videos

  
			scroll down to content		












home









 purly gates’ repertoire as a singer/songwriter/educator is as diverse as her  experience: from an earth day concert at disney world or a residency in  micronesia funded by the national endowment for the arts, to national touring  and local prominence. she enchants audiences of all ages, actively engaging  her listeners with original and borrowed songs covering subjects from peace to  pizza, environment to retirement.   this uniquely energetic and creative singer accompanies herself with  guitar, banjo, accordion, ukelele, harmonica and umpteen odd or  home-made instruments.her programs for adults include originals, traditional american folk, 30’s-40’s swing tunes, old cowboy songs, with a touch of blues and bluegrass. and she may do a little story-telling or recite some cowboy poetry between songs,  if the moment is right……purly has performed in schools, libraries, museums, camps, rec centers, restaurants, clubs & festivals and around campfires in north america and beyond. she offers workshops for all ages and abilities in  instrument-making, songwriting, and multi-track recording as well as  staff-training workshops for teachers and others serving young folks. based near austin, texas, purly works regionally and travels seasonally for performances in new mexico, colorado and other western states. she is a skilled and talented professional artist with decades of experience working with  folks 6 to 96.purly was commissioned by the texas state library to write a theme song for their  summer reading club. listen to i can read  by scrolling down on the media/recordings page.she’s a familiar performer at the prestigious kerrville folk festival/threadgill  stage and at many other texas venues. her cowgal poetry can be heard online, as well as songs from her western programs for adults.clicking on the links at the top of the page will take  you to more info on purly’s programs and song samples. 

















		proudly powered by wordpress	



















































































































































































