


buy my car | sell my car fast - we want any car

















































get your free valuation now






















your latest online valuation







update your mileage



would you like to value a different car?













it was really easy to sell my car!















we know your time is precious, we offer online appointments at a time to suit you




had a valuation from us in the past?
manage my appointment

it was really easy to sell my car!






no fee for your
instant payment





safe and
secure car sale





quick and
hassle free





we want
any car




3 simple steps to your valuation




1

enter your
registration



2

enter your
vehicle details



3

enter your
personal details



£

your
valuation








trustpilot







buy my car - now!

here's why you should choose us



no classified ads, no hassle



we always buy used cars at the best prices



no obligation to sell your car



our quotes are free and fair



safe and secure instant payment



we want any car or van!





we buy used cars at the best prices


sell your car or van to wewantanycar.com, and get cash in your bank account instantly. 


just enter your registration number above to get started with your quote.


our service is so quick that we can value your car, agree a sale and collection, all on the same day!





will you buy my car for cash?


we’re not called we want any car for nothing. unlike some other car buying services, we really do buy any car that is roadworthy. 


and we’ll value your used car for free too! so don’t sit there wondering "who wants to buy my car?" and “where can i sell my car quick?” – we want any car can help! we buy used cars without road tax, with outstanding finance, or without an mot.   


we’ll always give you the best price we can for your vehicle, so don’t waste money part exchanging when you can get a better deal with us.


get a free valuation online now, and we’ll do the hard work for you.           






read our frequently asked questions
find out more about how we value your car







we will buy any car
free car valuation


find your nearest purchaser
about wewantanycar.com



sell my car online guide
sell my van









sell your vehicle
frequently asked questions
we do buy any car
free van valuation
how we value your car
motoring guides


about
about wewantanycar.com
wewantanycar reviews
contact us
moc.cniotuaxoc@ofni.caww


connect with us
















© wewantanycar.com  2025
contact us
terms & conditions
privacy policy
modern slavery statement











* the on-screen valuation is computer generated and may be subject to change. it assumes fewer than 2 previous keepers.
additional keepers may result in an adjustment to the value. we will always need to view a vehicle and assess it before giving a 
final offer price, the final offer is based on the vehicle condition, mileage, paperwork and also the current market prices.


















































