





china glatt – fine dining, chinese, sushi & american cuisine









































 



skip to content


















  


search for:








homeaboutmenucateringparty packagesevent planningparty roomcontactreservations 














homechinaglatt2025-02-17t11:21:40-05:00 
china glatt
who we are
china glatt: a boro park landmark for the business and leisure diner. our reputation stems from having been part of your celebration and events, surpassing the expectations of our long-time costumers. step into the redesigned dining room with a calming atmosphere of rustic-elegance. browse the ipad menu to choose authentic chinese dishes, sushi specialties, american fare or grilled steaks paired with signature wines. all dishes are prepared from prime meats, quality fish & hand picked vegetables,with strict kashrus guidelines. make the occasion.
it’s a fact, people love playing казино игри онлайн and with good reason. casino games are fun, they offer the chance to win money and they are accessible from anywhere in the world. if you are looking for some tips on how to play your favourite casino game online better then this article is for you.
since the start of the first casino móvil in puerto rico, this industry has been taking off. it has been a great time for people from all over the world who love to gamble and play games. the mobile markets continue to grow as the demand for online gambling increases.
https://kzbb.org/
the best online casinos are those that offer the best and most varied selection of games and tournaments. more than that, however, nejlepšího online casina cz will be one that offers a good welcome bonus package — because that’s how you get to play games for free — and then provides excellent customer support and easy access to great promotions.
china glatt
who we are
china glatt: a boro park landmark for the business and leisure diner. our reputation stems from having been part of your celebration and events, surpassing the expectations of our long-time costumers. step into the redesigned dining room with a calming atmosphere of rustic-elegance. browse the ipad menu to choose authentic chinese dishes, sushi specialties, american fare or grilled steaks paired with signature wines it. all dishes are prepared from prime meats, quality fish & hand picked vegetables,with strict kashrus guidelines. make the occasion.
best sellers from
our menu
view our full menudownload our menuview our full menudownload our menuimpressive
event planning
presenting impressive kosher events! taking catering to the next level. where we’ll create the ambiance for your simches, corporate events or social gatherings. whether in your location or choice venue ie loft or boat. the complete event with a step above, to impress you and your guests!
learn moreto go
party packages
we now offer catering in a box. serve china glatt fresh out of the oven. to customize your event, let it be a fun buffet, formal office gathering, chanuka party or fund-raiser, with choices of authentic chinese, grilled steaks, sushi, american fare, diet and more. serving 10-100 people. contact us.
learn moresimchas
private party room
designed for your simcha! our party room has an elegant yet neutral modex-style decor, to blend with any and every party theme. celebrate your sheva brochos, reunions, anniversaries, birthday parties or the like. accommodates 40-70 people. china glatt the place where memories are created!
learn morethe perfect gift
egift cards
send your family and friends the perfect gift.
send gift cardfollow us
@chinaglatt









enjoy & dine with usmake a reservation in our fine restaurant with just the right ambiance.reserve nowyou’ve probably already guessed it but yes there are plenty of reasons why online gambling is the perfect solution for you. mobile casino in united arab emirates is something that you should consider if you are looking for a way to keep yourself entertained while at the same time make money. people who are involved in gambling can tell you that it’s fun and challenging not to mention that it’s entertaining. the reason why people love online gambling all around the world is because they get paid to do what they love best. the thing about this activity is that it takes all sorts of people.
have you ever thought about playing free casino games? if yes, welcome to the club! today’s post is about the leading online casinos in the world and online casino gratis bonus ohne einzahlung.




 
 





contact info

4413 13th avenue, brooklyn, ny
phone: 718.438.2576
email: info@chinaglatt.com
web: 
											china glatt									

 

hours sun: 12:30pm-11pm 
mon-thur: 11am-11pm  
friday closed saturday closed



 
 

about us
menu
event planning
party packages
party room
reservations
contact us
 

 
 
 





		© copyright    |   china glatt |   all rights reserved   |   powered by atar&co.



facebookinstagramtwitter
 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link





 order now



































































































go to top





