


vorobik botanical art home










quality 
          botanical art & affordable prices
vorobik 
          botanical art
p.o. box 866, lopez 
          island, wa 98261. 510-520-2423. vorobik@gmail.com
all images on this site copyright linda 
          ann vorobik unless otherwise stated; use granted only with written permission. 
          



 




























 


 


 


 

 
welcome to the home  page for my artistic and botanical endeavors; browse through pages to view my art images, resume or cv, list of events (including  workshops, shows, and lectures), and information on purchasing  sets, prints, gift cards, and  originals. my work can be purchased at selected retail outlets, from this website (see gallery page), and can also be seen and purchased at chimera gallery, on  lopez island, wa. stop by and say hello:  you may find me there!


see updated calendar, with    2024 shows, workshops, and other events.
see a selection of linda's hand-painted silk hangings and scarves.
vorobik botanical art  has a facebook page.
follow linda's blog for drawing/painting hints, botanical essays, book reviews.
sign up for bi-monthly newsletter to receive event updates, botanical art tips, or vorobik's botanical forays.



 sign up for our email newsletter










 


 for email newsletters you can trust s



updated march 20th, 2024: linda's botany and botanical art events  through  2024: workshops, shows, and other events
note: all card prices will be increasing in 2024; you can still order now at the prices here but orders will not be shipped until mid april. start at my gallery page for links to purchase cards and prints. thank you! 



 find me outside the sbbg store with silk and botanical art for sale. 25%  of sales given to the education department.
here is a link to scot pipkin's 2023  interview with me.  scot my contact for when i offer botanical art workshops at the garden.
 note: i am still working with new website software so pages look a bit wonky! my apologies!
  saturday, march 23rd, 2024 10 am through 3 or 4 pm. sale of my botanical art and hand-painted silk at the santa barbara botanic garden.  i will have a variety of my silk scarves for sale, along with notecards and prints of my botanical art for sale. stop by to say hello, to ask for a botanical art drawing or painting demonstration, or to do some shopping! 
 



sketch your way to better botany! 
 saturday and sunday, april 20th and 21st at the lopez island historic center school ("the grange")   this workshop is great for anyone who wants to learn or re-learn some basic botany and improve their drawing skills. cost is $140 for the weekend if paid before april 1st, and $160 if paid after. for more information or to sign up, contact me at vorobik@gmail.com. hope to see you there!
 
    
 
 
 






 saturday april 27th.   sale of my botanical art and hand-painted silk on lopez i. at the tour de lopez bicycling event.  
 saturday may 11th. sale of my botanical art and hand-painted silk at the skagit county master gardener's fair. 
 most saturdays, may 25th through mid september:  sale of my botanical art and hand-painted silk at the lopez island farmer's market.
     



six west coast ferns card pack at $18 
   six west coast ferns, my new card pack of six 5 inch by 7 inch cards printed on watercolor paper with a deckled edge. $18 per box. 
note: soon my 5 by 7 inch cards will go from $4 each to $5 each, and my invitation sized cards will go from $3 each to $4 each. 
also note: orders placed now will not be shipped until mid april; i am traveling until then. know that each and every order is appreciated!
  
thank you!








note: all card prices will be increasing for 2024; purchase cards now for lower prices! 
northwest wildflower boxed card set
ten designs for $24; included in set are the following cards which sell individually at $4.00 each.
included are: columbine ~ aquilegia formosa 
balsamroot ~ balsamorhiza deltoidea
fairyslipper orchid ~ calypso bulbosa 
great camas ~ camassia leichtlinii 
phantom orchid ~ cephalanthera austineae
coralroot orchid ~ corallorhiza maculata 
shooting star ~ dodecatheon pulchellum
chocolate lily ~ fritillaria affinis
western tiger lily ~ lilium columbianum
deer fern ~ blechnum spicant



            .
            


deer fern, blechnum spicant (old name)

three maidenhair ferns, adiatum spp.


i will host any botanical art or botany workshops at a location of your choice, if i have enough interest. for more information, email me at vorobik@gmail.com.
i have posted information 
              for commissioned botanical illustrations. 
              this would be of interest to botanists wishing to commission illustrations 
              and to other illustrators interested in my fees or business procedure.
for teachers: i have posted 
              a pdf for teachers to use, illustrating different types of inflorescences, 
              or flowering stalks. and for those learning about botanical art, 
              i have posted a botanical 
              art annotated bibliography (first draft). 
happy exploring the wonderful 
              world of plants & revelling in nature through art!

about 
            the artist: 




linda ann vorobik, botanist, editor, 
                and illustrator of numerous botanical publications, cherishes all 
                three west coast states as home. she holds a phd from the university 
                of oregon, and conducts field research and teaches in the 
                siskiyou mountains and at other sites. she currently  lives on 
              lopez island, washington, and is affiliated with uc berkeley and uw seattle herbaria.
linda has over 25 years of illustration 
                and college level teaching experience, and is principal illustrator 
                of, for example, the flora of santa cruz island, the 
                  jepson manual: vascular plants of california, and has contributed 
                many illustrations to the morphology and evolution of vascular 
                  plants. for more information, see her resume. 
                for a complete list of her work experience and publications, see 
              her curriculum vitae. 




return to top






