

fantastic collectibles






































































  fantastic
          collectibles science fiction &
          fantasy collectibles
updated july
          2018

email: 

















we are moving!!!!!   we are moving to the east coast and are not taking orders until the move
is complete and we are set up once more. that is likely to be early september. hold
any orders until then.
 


looking for sf and fantasy
              collectibles?
you have come to the right
              place!! first of
              all, i am a collector, and these pages are my extras. the pages are
              arranged like a bookstore where you browse, but there is a search engine
              available at the left. if you follow the links on this page, you will
              eventually find all 45,000 books i have to sell or trade. they are
              scattered over dozens or more pages to load better, so be persistent in
              looking until you find what you need.





who are
            we?
just collectors like
            yourself. collecting
            science fiction books and magazines has been my hobby for over 50 years. my
            main interest is in magazines known as 'pulp' magazines, published between
            1920 through about 1955, but i collect science fiction paperbacks and
            hardcover books as well. as i unfortunately read only english, my interest is
            confined to those published in the u.s., canada, and britain. if you have any
            of these to sell or trade, i am always in the market to purchase collections,
            large and small. for more information, check the following notes




how can we be
            reached?

            snailmail for orders i can best be contacted by snailmail at: 
            fantastic collectibles
            xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
            xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx usa

e-mail for questions and
            such email:
             may be used, but
            we are not set up for ordering this way. all orders are still by snail
            mail.
            read here to see why we are
            such old fashioned neanderthals in this internet age.




postage?
we have greatly simplified
            postage rates postage
            within the united states is $4.00 for any number of books, pulps and most
            other things. shipping is free for orders over $50. for complete postage
            requirements including foreign orders, please check our postage rates




order
            form?
how quaint!
yes, we still use a paper order
            form. while people in the internet age will consider a paper order form as an
            annoyance, it is a necessity if you use snailmail to order. so, here is our
            order form that you can
            print out. don't have a printer? just do your best with a ordinary sheet of
            paper.




summary of important things:  

  order form  

  postage rates   

  ordering instructions   

  notes   

  letters      




do we buy
              collections?
always!
we have been buying collections
              for over 50 years and hope to continue for the forseeable future. we buy
              primarily to improve our personal collection, but we will consider any
              collection that has some desirable items. if we are interested in your
              collection, we will make an offer for the entire collection.

what we need in science fiction, fantasy, horror, hero,
                etc:
pulp magazines 1880
                through 1960
digest magazines up to
                1965
paperback
                books
hardcover
                books
artwork relating to
                magazine or book covers


what we do not need:
pornography
bookclub or ex-library
                hardcovers
comic books, other than
                those with 10 cent cover prices
e-mail if you have items for
              sale email:
              





special note
            #1
how long have we been doing
            this? i have been
            offering science fiction (or pulp fiction magazines as some insist on calling
            them) and fantasy material on the internet since 1996, and through catalogs
            since 1964. since i starting keeping records on my computer in 1983, i have
            served over 6000 customers totaling over 45,000 orders. order with confidence
            but please be patient as orders seem to come in clumps, and there is just my
            wife and myself to handle everything. we answer all inquiries that include a
            sase.




special note
            #2
letters and emails
we get letters and emails on a
            regular basis from our loyal customers. i will gladly publish those of
            general interest. take a look at our letters and emails and send me your
            comments.






are you looking for a
              priceguide for pulp magazines? i have found what i consider to be the best
              available.


worlds best pulp magazine
                priceguide


read here


the bible of pulp magazine
                priceguides. place a value on most any pulp, no matter how
                obscure





copyright 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 , 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005,
        2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012,2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018
        your privacy is respected in all transactions.
        customer information is never sold or transferred under any
        circumstances.


what we offer- see column at right



pulp
            magazines

            some titles found here: avon fantasy reader,
            amazing stories, a merritts fantasy, astonishing (complete), astounding,
            avenger, beyond, bill barnes, black mask, captain combat, captain future,
            captain hazzard, captain satan, captain zero, comet, cosmic, cosmos, dime
            mystery, doc savage, doctor death, dr yen-sin, dream world, dusty ayres,
            dynamic, famous fantastic mysteries (complete), fantastic, fantastic
            adventures, fantastic adventures quarterly, fantastic novels magazine,
            fantastic story quarterly, fantastic universe, fantasy book, fantasy fiction,
            fantasy stories, fear, flash gordon strange adventure magazine, future
            science fiction, galaxy science fiction, galaxy novels, ghost stories, g-men
            magazine, golden fleece, horror stories, if worlds of science fiction,
            imagination, infinity science fiction, imaginative tales, jungle stories,
            magazine of fantasy and science fiction, marvel science fiction, miracle
            science and fantasy stories, nick carter magazine, new worlds science
            fiction, nova science fiction novels, operator 5, orbit science fiction,
            oriental stories, other worlds science stories, out of this world, planet
            stories, private detective, rocket stories, satellite science fiction, saturn
            science fiction and fantasy, science fiction adventures, science fiction
            (original), science fiction digest, science fiction plus, science fiction
            quarterly, science stories, secret agent x, shadow, shadow annual, sheena
            queen of the jungle, shock, sinister stories, skipper, space science fiction,
            space science fiction magazine, space stories, spaceway, spicy adventure
            stories, spicy detective stories, spicy mystery stories, spider, star science
            fiction, startling stories, stirring science fiction, strange detective
            mysteries, strange stories, strange tales, super science fiction, super
            science stories, ten story fantasy, terror tales, tops in science fiction,
            two complete science adventure books, uncanny stories, uncanny tales,
            universe, unknown, vanguard science fiction, venture science fiction, vortex
            science fiction, weird tales magazine, wonder stories (air), science wonder
            stories, wonder stories, thrilling wonder stories, wonder stories annual,
            wonder stories quarterly, worlds beyond




paperback
            books

science fiction and
            fantasy



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  




collectibles
          for sale





fully illustrated pulp
                magazine online price guide  

       we are presently working on an online pulp magazine priceguide, intended to eventually
       cover all the fantastic pulps.  the priceguide will contain estimated market values of
most pulps, as well as a scan of each cover. this work will take a lot of time and effort. your
help is encouraged.  
check here  to see
our progress so far.

            






plastic bags are
                back!


we have found a new supplier for plastic bags to protect your
                collectibles
check here








pulp
                magazines


 
ace g-man     --> aviation stories
battle aces --> horror stories 
indian stories --> raf aces 
satellite sf --> zeppelin stories
                 









paperback
                books



science fiction and fantasy

abbey --> butler
cadigan --> gyrax
hadley --> ryan
saberhagen --> zelazny
sf ace
                    doubles
signed 1st editions science
                    fiction paperbacks



western paperback
                books sf and
                fantasy books are listed by author.
                ace doubles listed by book number.










science
                fiction/fantasy hardcover books
 note: we have decided to drop hardcover books to concentrate on
              pulp magazines and paperback books. we have sold our hardcovers to my
              brother-in-law known on amazon as pulpsguy. (he also has some pulps). you
              may find our hardcover books plus many other items at his store which can
              be reached on amazon with the following link: 
              pulpsguys store









pulp magazine cover
                scans


over 6000 hi-definition
                pulp magazine cover scans





are available on dvd
                the largest collection of hi-definition scans available anywhere. buy
                this collection and see it all at once, or view it on this page- it will
                only take 15 years to see it all!









posters!!


beautiful hi-gloss pulp
                magazine cover posters




suitable for framing- you
                  will be proud to display these










worlds best pulp magazine
                priceguide


read here




the bible of pulp
                  magazine priceguides. place a value on most any pulp, no matter how
                  obscure







pulp
          articles




name that
                book!


can you help a collector remember the title of a book or
                movie?
check here








how to collect pulp
                  magazines


read here


useful information if
                  you are considering starting a collection








worlds best pulp
                  magazine priceguide


read here


the bible of pulp
                  magazine priceguides. place a value on most any pulp, no matter how
                  obscure








grading pulp
                  magazines


read here


accurate grading is
                  essential in pricing pulp magazines








travels in search of the
                  elusive pulp magazine


read
                  here


a series of articles
                  about traveling around the country in search of pulp magazine
                  collections- the weird characters, the strange collections the odd
                  homes and locales








what will be the
                  treasured collectibles of the future


read here


to find which items lying
                  about today may become the valuable collectibles of the
                  future




paperback
          articles




read our standards
                  on paperback grading










read a useful article
                  on collecting
                  paperbacks 
                  to see what a pro thinks about the subject.









looking for a
                  great paperback price
                  guide? 
                  read a review of what i consider to be the most up to date and perhaps
                  the best collectible price guide ever printed.










science fiction
                  dvd's
here i list my selection
                  for the 10 most underrated science fiction movies of all time. do you
                  agree? use the email link at the bottom of the page to add your
                  favorites.





  


              hangman
            

hangman provided
              by the
              free dictionary















