






private investigator * ny *  inter-pro investigations

















private investigator   * new york *   inter-pro investigations





















home


investigative services


asset search


attorney services


background investigation


business fraud


ny.banking dept. background investigation


notary services


police misconduct


service rates


investigations in hungary


our mission


portrait of a serial killer


company profile


testimonials


links


contact us



































pi magazine  journal of professional investigators












info@investigations.bizland.com






augustine papay jr 
(det. 2nd grade ret. nypd)
private investigator
new york
licensed & bonded by the new york state department of state
established 1994


address:
inter-pro investigationsp.o. box 528port
                                                jervis, ny 12771-0528 u.s.a. tel:  (845)
                                                856-0965
fax:  (866) 533-5099
 
                                                




7 - days / week





call for a free confidential consultation



send us an email




















inter-pro investigations





private investigator 



 welcome
  
                           
 
i would like to welcome you to inter-pro investigations website. please
                           feel free to ask me any questions; consultation is always free and confidential!  if you have a problem or a case, which
                           concerns you, please e-mail me now!   i always find time to respond because i take comfort and pride in
                           the fact that providing quality investigative service to people in need is my obligation to every client.  
 
at inter-pro investigations, our primary mission is to solve people's problems, be it personal or business. we reunite people with lost loved ones and we try to help
                           our clients in their most difficult situations, even when they can't afford to hire us, because we know it's the right thing
                           to do. when the police are unable to solve an investigation, we can help the client who has been victimized. from domestic
                           problems to business fraud to international cases, we step into the victim's shoes and go the extra mile until the job gets
                           done right! we are a company that has proven capability to handle complex investigative assignmnets and we have compassion and understanding for people who come to us with personal or business problems. we are at
                           your service 24 hours a day 7 days / week, because we know that difficult situations can occur at any time of the day. read
                           our testimonials 
 
our private investigation firm is licensed & bonded by the new
                              york state department of state.
i have 20 - years law enforcement experience and we offer a variety of private investigative services at affordable
                           prices. i can assure you that the cases we handle are not just file numbers, but are very real people with very real problems.
                           my career as an investigator began in new york city, some thirty years ago. since then i have investigated hundreds of
                           cases, from background investigations, to violent street crimes and police corruption. this diversified investigative experience
                           coupled with 20 years of loyal police service to the citizens of new
                              york, inspires me to continue my chosen profession and offer my talents to our clients as a licensed private
                           investigator. read my curriculum vitae. 
 
augustine
                           papay jr 
private investigator 































new york magazine



















dedication * professionalism * integrity 



the nature of the job
 
catching cheating spouses in the act, tracking down debtors and collecting evidence to assist
                                                                  a lawyer’s case -- it’s all in a day’s work for a private investigator!

private detectives and investigators gather
                                                                  information for businesses and individuals. they assist attorneys, businesses and the public with a variety of legal, financial
                                                                  and personal problems. 
most detectives and investigators are trained
                                                                  to perform physical surveillance, often for long periods of time. they also perform computer database searches that allow
                                                                  them to quickly obtain massive amounts of information. 
they question suspects, catch culprits and
                                                                  file complaints about suspects with the police. as a result, they often testify in court. 
generally speaking, a private investigator
                                                                  is hired to obtain information regarding the identity, habits, conduct, movements, whereabouts, affiliations, associations,
                                                                  transactions, reputation, or character of any person or group of persons. a private investigator may also conduct investigations
                                                                  regarding the credibility of witnesses; the whereabouts of missing persons; the location of missing persons; the location
                                                                  or recovery of lost or stolen property; and the causes and origin of- or responsibility for- fires, libels, or losses. for
                                                                  further information about the nature of the job visit the us.department of labor. 






****** how to become a private investigator in new york ******
                                                                              





please click the above link to new york state division of licensing services. we will not respond to any e-mail
                                                                  inquiry about how to become a pi in new york state. 
                                                                  






please sign our guestbook




  






we honor the heroes who gave their lives on 9/11.





in remembrance of september 11th, 2001. 5000 heroes by kyle vincent



unsolved-crimesinternational






$20,000 reward  missing person





audrey may herron











true spy stories









practical homicide investigation





vernon j. geberth, m.s., m.p.s.




remember; "we work for god."® vernon j. geberth retired lieutenant-commander of the new york city police department. please visit
                                                                  his website http://www.practicalhomicide.com/index.htm


  remember the right to privacy laws
we will decline to take on any investigaive assigment where we believe that the client has not provided sufficient legal
                                                                  justification or pernissible purpose to initiate an investigation. 
 
"one who intentionally intrudes, physically or otherwise, upon the solitude or seclusion of another or his private affairs
                                                                  or concerns, is subject to liability to the other for the invasion of his privacy, if the intrusion would be highly offensive
                                                                  to a reasonable person."

















 

-

-





























hire p.i. to track deadbeat parents 

locating non-payers who move frequently or hide from the courts is one of
                                             the main reasons why many women wait years to receive child support checks. 
if you provide us with the copy of the court order and give us the deadbeat's ssn we will locate him/her for
                                             you for a flat $100.00 fee.




i.d. verification:  only
                                             $25.00 
when you request a social security number verification from inter-pro investigations and you submit the subject’s name, address,
                                             dob and ssn and we will verify that the social security administration (ssa) has actually issued the same number to your
                                             subject, the state of issue and the year of issue will be verified.  if it is
                                             not the exact name as presented in your request, then in our response report we will warn you of a “possible fraud.”   the report will also alert you if the social security number has been issued
                                             to a person who has been reported deceased. 



























ask a private investigator
send us your questions / comments!
e-mail for a 
free confidential
                                    consultation





e-mail us





inter-pro investigations


















you are visitor no; since 2/1/02

















































 search www  search google.com 











last updated on  

search 
this site
the webfor get a free search engine for your web site





sign up for a free web site!


 


[our mission ] [police misconduct | contact us | rates ]| hungary | notary services | portrait | company profile | investigative services | [testimonials] [links  [banking dept.background check] [ business fraud ] [ attorney services ]






 


disclaimer
 
inter-pro investigations makes no representations
                                    or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the data provided on this web site. inter-pro investigations shall
                                    not be liable for any special, incidental or consequential damages, even if it has been or is hereafter advised of the possibility
                                    of such damages that may result from the use of the data by visitors to the web site or others. 



















