





































































arizona daily star | breaking news | | read tucson, az and arizona breaking news. get latest news, events and information on arizona sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content


























50°




 






                        sign in
                    


                    subscribe now
                






manage account
 logout











 manage account
 e-newspaper

 logout
































news


sign up for newsletters



local



wildfires



arizona



business



crime



nation & world



saddlebrooke



politics



archives



marijuana guide



news tip




arizona daily star


e-edition



e-edition-tutorial



archives



special sections



merchandise



circulars



public notices



readers' choice awards



buyer's edge




obituaries


share your story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



submit guest opinion



letters to the editor



opinion & editorials



national columnists




sports


arizona wildcats



greg hansen



high schools



roadrunners



betting




lifestyles


events calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



movie listings



music



comics



games



columns



play



home & gardening



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



retro tucson



history



travel



outdoors & rec



community pages



brand ave. studios



join the community


news tip



share video




buy & sell


place an ad



shop local



jobs



homes



freedom rv az



marketplace



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage my account



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy















































































read today's e-edition















































                    log in
                


$1 for 3 monthssubscribe now







 



 manage account
 e-newspaper

 logout








e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

wildcats

lifestyles

newsletters

comics & puzzles

public notices

jobs

freedom rv az








50°
clear
























        
        
            prodded or not, arizona wildcats respond after two losses with 74-67 win over baylor in waco

waco, texas – turns out, there was no ass-kicking. not even close. 


















        
            seen and heard in waco: on wildcats' big 12 reception, baylor's new arena and priorities

waco, texas – a tucson native who graduated from arizona, waco resident jason phillips chose a discreet way to show off his excitement over the wildcats’ move to the big 12 and subsequent appearances in his adopted hometown. 


















        
        
            photos: arizona women's basketball falls to 11 tcu in tucson, 85-73.

arizona came in shorthanded to face no. 11 tcu, due to jada williams and mailien rolf out with injuries. but the wildcats dug in and weren't giving up. 

















        
        
            former all-pac-10 lb ronnie palmer to return to arizona football as assistant coach

ronnie palmer, an all-pac-10 linebacker at arizona under mike stoops, is expected to return to the ua as an analyst, one of two new additions to brent brennan’s coaching staff.

















        
        
            arizona house oks asking voters to change deadline for early ballots

phoenix — republican lawmakers are wagering that arizona voters care more about prompt election results than they do about being able to drop off their early ballots at the last minute. 


















        
            trump admin moves to resume mine waste disposal on blm land

the interior department is moving to overturn a key biden administration policy stemming from two court rulings that blocks mining companies from disposing of wastes on much of the land owned by the bureau of land management.

















        
        
            ermanos to close its doors on fourth avenue after a decade

ermanos announced their closure with an instagram post on monday, thanking staff for their hard work over the years.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            ermanos to close its doors on fourth avenue after a decade



















        
            seen and heard in waco: on wildcats' big 12 reception, baylor's new arena and priorities


















        
        
            #thisistucson is hosting a market with 100 makers, food trucks, live music, tattoos + more















                
                subscriber exclusives
                
            

















        
        
            believers bought airplane for dead preacher thinking he’d rise from grave to fly in it

the story behind millions of dollars amassed by a fringe religious sect includes the distribution of recorded sermons by its dead prophet and tributes paid worldwide.





















        
            seen and heard in waco: on wildcats' big 12 reception, baylor's new arena and priorities

waco, texas – a tucson native who graduated from arizona, waco resident jason phillips chose a discreet way to show off his excitement over the wildcats’ move to the big 12 and subsequent appearances in his adopted hometown. 





















        
            trump admin moves to resume mine waste disposal on blm land

the interior department is moving to overturn a key biden administration policy stemming from two court rulings that blocks mining companies from disposing of wastes on much of the land owned by the bureau of land management.





















        
            terry francona reports to spring training | greg hansen

greg hansen's notebook: terry francona reported to spring training after taking a year off from baseball. the tucsonan said he is healthy enough to get back to work.












                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 17 recap: tucson news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from arizona daily star. 





















        
        
            photos: day one of the 100th la fiesta de los vaqueros

the 100th la fiesta de los vaqueros kicks off with a day of pro competition, tucson, ariz., february 15, 2025. 




















        
        
            president's day protest in tucson




















        
        
            photos: houston wins 62-58 over arizona at mckale center, big 12 men's basketball

houston (21-4, 13-1) wins 62-58 over arizona (17-8, 11-3) in a big 12 men's basketball match at mckale center early saturday afternoon.  












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new rv




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            video: late afternoon on baylor's campus




















        
        
            video: baylor's hall of champions




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            prodded or not, arizona wildcats respond after two losses with 74-67 win over baylor in waco

waco, texas – turns out, there was no ass-kicking. not even close. 





















        
            seen and heard in waco: on wildcats' big 12 reception, baylor's new arena and priorities

waco, texas – a tucson native who graduated from arizona, waco resident jason phillips chose a discreet way to show off his excitement over the wildcats’ move to the big 12 and subsequent appearances in his adopted hometown. 





















        
        
            video: baylor's hall of champions

baylor’s hall of champions in the foster pavilion concourse celebrates the bears’ women’s and men’s championships, with their practice court shown below between them. 





















        
        
            photos: arizona women's basketball falls to 11 tcu in tucson, 85-73.

arizona came in shorthanded to face no. 11 tcu, due to jada williams and mailien rolf out with injuries. but the wildcats dug in and weren't giving up. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









provided








        
        
            4 mistakes to avoid when driving a campervan in winter in arizona

provided content. to help keep you safe out there, here is a list of mistakes to avoid when driving around arizona in the winter. 












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.












partner








        
        
            read the label: how to spot potential dangers in processed foods

get healthy. the u.s. food and drug administration requires nutrition labels on most packaged food items, and gaining a basic understanding of the information they reveal can guide you toward making healthier dietary choices.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            pima cty procurement



                                        130 w congress st., 3rd floor, tucson, az 85701
                                    






























        
        
            living water ministries church



                                        4343 e 22nd street, tucson, az 85711
                                    



 website






























        
        
            va medical center



                                        3601 s 6th  ave (9-05), tucson, az 85723
                                    






 website





























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram







arizona daily star store

this is tucson

saddlebag notes

tucson festival of books



sites & partners


e-edition

classifieds

events calendar

careers @ lee enterprises

careers @ gannett

online features

sponsored blogs

get healthy




services


advertise with us

register

contact us

rss feeds

newsletters

photo reprints

subscriber services

subscription faq

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        arizona daily star, po box 26887 tucson, az 85726-6887
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























