







pasadena model railroad museum – home of the sierra pacific lines
























































skip to content



primary menu
home
visit pmrrm
what’s new?
become a member
photos
videos
film at pmrrm
merchandise
our history
track plan
specs and stats
location / contact info
 

search




search for:



 






 pasadena model railroad museum
home of the sierra pacific lines







welcome to pmrrm — celebrating 85 years!


we are now open to the public on the third sunday of every month! please see our visit pmrrm page for more information. (please note: we are not open to the public on saturdays.)
welcome to the online home of the pasadena model railroad museum!
founded in april 1940 as the pasadena model railroad club, pmrrm has been part of the model railroad community for over eight decades. pmrrm is located in los angeles, california (we moved from pasadena decades ago, but the name stuck), and operates one of the largest ho scale model railroads in the world, the 5000 square foot (70′ x 72′) sierra pacific lines.
pmrrm is open to the public on the third sunday of every month. we welcome prospective members regardless of their skill level or modeling experience.

visit pmrrm and see the sierra pacific lines in action
find out what’s new at pmrrm
find out about becoming a member
take a closer look at our layout or watch some videos of it
learn more about our history
visit us on facebook

thank you for visiting pmrrm.org and the pasadena model railroad museum!









get updates via email


enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts by email.



							email address						







 
							subscribe						



like us on facebook 

like us on facebook

 


proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
				theme: plane by wordpress.com.			






 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website











































