



promotional items, corporate gifts, logo products, giveaways


















custom promotional items





stock item
search product
category
theme

top selling promotional product categories

custom shirts



custom shirts, promotional t shirts, advertising t shirts, give away t shirts 



personalized pens




personalized pens, 
stylus pens, metal pens, pencils, highlighters, projector pens, banner pens ..etc.  



custom caps & hats




sun visors, baseball caps, 
trucker hats, hats..etc. 



custom keychains




pvc keychain , acrylic keychain , leather keyrings , metal keyrings...etc.



lanterns



decorative lanterns, wedding lanterns, chinese paper lanterns, 
paper lanterns with lights, flying lanterns ... 



badge holders




badge holders, badge reels, 
lanyards


mobile phone accessories




mobile phone accessories, headsets, cases, holders, wireless charger, power bank .. etc. 



custom bracelets




custom silicone bracelet, 
wristbands,
sweatbands, slap bracelets...



authentic silver jewelry




sterling silver bracelet, silver beads, pure silver bangle, rings, necklace..etc. 



promotional watches




analog wrist watches, 
digital wrist watches. 



custom bags



custom bags, 
drawstring bags, pouches, handbags.. 



flags & banners




flags, banners, pennants...etc. 



custom noisemakers




custom inflatable thundersticks, cowbells, hand clappers ..etc. 



custom sunglasses




custom sunglasses, eyeglasses, 3d glasses ..etc. 



custom puzzles




custom 3d puzzles, folding puzzles ..etc. 



custom canopies




tents, canopies and awnings. 



custom boxes




custom boxes, 
retail boxes. 



advertising







advertising








virtual mockup tool
offer virtual mockup is a good method to win more projects,
but the premise is worth to do it, 
since most of us are not professional artist, 
to offer a virtual mockup could be high cost to us, 
if there are some free virtual sample tool, that would be great, right ?
welcome to try this, free virtual mockup tool for you. 

color matching tool
are you looking for a pms color, 
we have some color matching tools for you, 
you can search available pms colors easy,   
or match a logo color by find pantone color on image.

online actual size ruler
size does matter, before you make a decision to purchase any products, 
it's better to make sure what product size you will get.
welcome to use our online ruler to measure it,
, if you would like to convert inch to cm, 
this inch cm converter is easy to use. 

china promotional product manufacturer
we are a professional custom products manufacturer in the promotional products industry,
our head office is located in yiwu, zhejiang, china. 
offers company logo products, advertising products, corporate gifts, tradeshow giveaways,  
business promotional items, and fully custom made products with over 15 years experience,
all of our products can be customized according to your specific needs.

on our site, there are some functions can help you find promo ideas,    
like search products by keywords 
, search ideas by budget,
find ideas by theme 
or browse the online catalog.

in addition to manufacturing, we are also familiar with international freight services,
include door to door service. 
if you believe working together with chinese assistant teams that will make you doing better in business,   
don't hesitate to contact us 
, our teams will support you.

china factories

sweat factory !




sweat factory? no no no look at this !



watches factory



custom watches is our speciality, low minimum order quantity, 
quality watches and great price. 



packaging factory



our packaging factory specialized in custom packaging boxes, 
gift bags and 
jewelry boxes.



bobbleheads factory



our featured product, custom bobbleheads and 
sports bobbleheads.



bags factory


bags factory offers custom bags, 
promotional bags, handbags..etc.


flasks factory



professional flasks factory 
offers custom hip flasks,
ladies hip flasks, cool hip flasks, funky hip flasks...etc.



belts factory



our waist belts factory offer custom belts, fully custom made available.



playing cards factory



professional playing cards factory offers custom playing cards.



our factory network
we have hundreds qualified factories network which cover many kinds of promotional products, in our network we have chosen & evaluated all the factories which we did business with them. we have a comprehensive system to evaluate our factories.
the qualified factory network we have is a big advantage for our customers, through our network our customers don?™t need to waste time and money to test the suppliers themselves, we do it.   

through many years of accumulation and endeavour, we have a lot of experience in dealing with different factories for many kinds of products. the product list just show parts of the products which we have dealt with and for most of them we have good factories we are very familiar with. 

in order to decrease the risk and increase the satisfaction for our clients, now we are devoted to build and improve the good factory network. we aim to build a comprehensive good factory network in china since we know that the factory are a very important issue for our clients.


good factories can provide us with good quality.
good factories are ready to give us good prices since we have built a long term relationship with them.
good factories will deliver the goods on time.
good factories will not cheat us.

local agents wanted !
we believe that cooperated with local agents can bring better benefit with each other,
and prefer build a close relationship with our local agent, 
instead we selling directly to end user.
if you are actively expanding your own business,
and you have interesting to working with our chinese assistants teams,
welcome to contact us.

what we can do for you

your supplier can provide you promotional products with custom logo imprinted for your business, 
your reliable source for custom made products in china. 
we delivers the innovative, unique, creative and cost-effective custom promotional products, 
advertising specialties, business gifts, corporate gifts, 
also we help you find the right trade show giveaways, imprinted items, promotional corporate gifts,
promotional apparel and advertising products to promote your business successfully, 
work within your budget with target marketing and increase repeat customers with the right impression of your product, 
organization or service.

custom made product service

we specialize in manufacturing and supply various custom products for our international customers such as bags, 
bobbleheads, guitars, shirts, shoes, boots, hats, mugs, knives, pens, stickers and much more. 
with our vast resources of high quality products we can fill all your ordering needs. 
you can be confident our quality product will be delivered in a timely manner at the lowest prices possible. 
as we are in china , we have many cooperated factories here, we can get the best quality production, 
the lowest price for you.

china sourcing service
your supplier dedicates our strength in sourcing and logistic to the promotional product community , 
we assist with locating products, customizing, and negotiating on behalf of our clients. 
we has been sourcing for 15 years and have close relationships with hundreds of vendors. 
different regions in china have different industrial strength. 
we are intimately familiar with the chinese market, 
so we can quickly find products based on your requests and get the best prices for you. 
since we deals with manufactures directly , you are not limited to standard product specifications , 
such as size, color, style, etc.
as you know, there are huge numbers of products made in china, 
we don't list everything what we can do on our website, 
just contact us, our teams will try the best to assist your projects.

some attention to detail
many people know that when purchasing products in china, 
they can buy better quality products at a cheaper price.
however, there are still some things to be aware of.
the first thing to notice is the time, 
you must have enough lead time, especially for customized products.
second, the quantity of pruchases, your location may be thousands of kilometers ,or miles, away from china. 
from such a distant place, if you only ship a small amount of cargo, the shipping cost will be very high.
the more goods you transport, the more you can share the total freight.


visit this page on your mobile phone


scan this qr-code with your smartphone to visit this page mobile.
share this to your friends




contacts






promotional item |  
catalog |
theme


stock item
search promotional item |
search by budget


china sourcing |
custom lanyards |
custom wristbands


custom watches |
arts & crafts | 
web marketing















 pricing and availability subject to change without notice. 
 all logos shown in product photos are for demonstration only. 
 your products will have your own custom imprint. 
 information or screens from this site may not be copied, archived, 
 or captured in any way aside from normal browser caching and printing performed in the course of using the site for its intended purpose. 
 

your supplier offers products made in china, wholesale from china direct, 
 focused on providing sourcing services, corporate gifts, 
 promotional products and trade show giveaway items.
 copyright ©
 your supplier. 
 all rights reserved. web site design, marketing, advertising by ginifab. 







