






dusk peterson






dusk peterson

 


historical speculative fiction
              where darkness meets hope.






writings || about
                me || contact me



























contact me



e-mail me
if you send me pretty compliments, i will print your letter out and
          frame it above my computer. (this isn't much of an exaggeration.) if,
          on the other hand, you send me a letter that begins, "what kind of
          nitwitted writer are you? you gave your character blue eyes in scene
          one and green eyes in scene two!" then i will raise up a shrine in
          your honor and burn candles upon your altar.
constructive criticism, enquiries, and idle chit-chat may be sent to
          mx. dusk peterson at
           duskpeterson(at)fastmail.fm. my emergency contact is mr. joe noakes at
           lemurjoe(at)gmail.com.


receive updates on my writings
blog & newsletter: 

blog. online
            fiction, story announcements, and more.
e-mail
              newsletter. receive blog posts by e-mail.
atom feed
              to my blog.
rss feed to
              my blog.

subscription e-books (mirror sites): 

ream.
patreon.





see also copyright, ai policy, and
          fanworks.
copyright notice for the home page:
 this text, or a variation on it, was originally
        published at duskpeterson.com.
        copyright © 1963–2025 dusk peterson. some rights reserved.
        the text is licensed under a creative
commons
          attribution noncommercial license
        (creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0). you may freely print, post,
        e-mail, share, or otherwise distribute the text for noncommercial
        purposes, provided that you include this paragraph. the author's policies
          on derivative works and fan works are available online
        (duskpeterson.com/copyright.htm).
permission is granted for the reposting and reprinting of the covers
        and story summaries for the purpose of providing information on dusk
        peterson's writings. please link to duskpeterson.com if possible.
 




