






being alive – aids/hiv services san diego

































skip to content









being alive san diego













being alive san diego
services


social programs
moving services


volunteer mover


care hipp
adap
daniel’s market
peer advocacy
utility assistance


events
about basd
paypal donation


about paypal


physical donation
address
sponsorship
covid-19
























physical donations?you can drop off or mail personal care items (socks, toothpaste, toothbrushes, soap or shampoo) to our fourth street location or make a monetary donation.
where? 

















you can make a differenceyour donations help being alive assist those living with aids/hiv in san diego. every donation makes a difference.
donate 

















social support programsa variety of classes, workshops and special events provide social support and help improve the quality of life.
learn more 












procedures for being alive san diego
in an effort to keep our community safe being alive san diego is limiting in-person office visits... (read more by clicking the button or the tab above)





covid-19





























our mission
it is the mission of being alive san diego to deliver quality, compassionate services to people affected by hiv and aids; and to provide education and referral services to those in need.  the agency's goal is not just to help people living with hiv/aids, but to help them live well. in 2007 basd adopted an action plan to improve services to the affected community utilizing four integrated strategies:






since 1993


















h e a l
health and wellness promotion,
early intervention, education and prevention
adherence and medication support, and
life skills education and support



















 



 



 



 















being alive san diego was founded in 1989 by hiv+ individuals who volunteered their time and talents to fill the need for support and empowerment in the hiv/aids affected community. today, basd is the largest, continually operating support service organization for people living with hiv/aids in san diego county, improving the quality of life for more than 8,000 san diegans affected by this disease. basd's client population reflects the profile detailed in the 2009 hiv/aids epidemiology report prepared by the county of san diego health & human services agency. our clients are typically living in san diego's central region, 80% are living at or below the federal poverty level and 50% of our clients that receive peer counseling are 45 years or older.





















your donation can make a difference for people living with hiv/aids in san diego
please help and simply click to get more information on how to donate to those in need.





how to donate to being alive


































3940 4th ave., sd, ca 92103











[619] 291.1400 & [619] 291.1491 fax




























site by




	copyright © 2025 being alive













