





havurah shir hadash jewish renewal synagogue, ashland, or


































































 541.488.7716
 185 n. mountain ave ashland, or 97520




search






















home
about

our logo
our philosophy/mission statement
our sanctuary
our council & committees
location
links to members’ websites
our rabbi

our rabbi: bio
books by rabbi david
from our rabbi’s desk




renewal

the wisdom of the rabbis
the morningstar files
rabbi zalman schachter-shalomi

articles by rabbi zalman schachter-shalomi


what is jewish renewal?

our origin story




learning

our 2 cents
jewish learning links
learn our prayers
seasonal anthologies
wisdom garden school
bar/bat mitzvah
pj library southern oregon


donate/join

donate now
become a member
memorial plaques
dedicate a siddur
donate a vehicle
support israel

support israel




calendar

calendar
upcoming events
register


rent our space
contact

general inquiries
contact ayala zonnenschein
email updates













































											50									












											20									












											19									












											18									












											17									












											16									












											15									












											13									












											12									












											11									












											10									












											9									












											8									












											7									












											6									












											5									












											4									












											3									












											2									












											1									

































havurah shir hadash jewish renewal synagogue and temple in ashland, oregon.
we are an extended family of jews by birth and by choice. we are blessed to be a dynamic, egalitarian, spiritual community, rich in diverse approaches to jewish learning and practice. we strive to deepen personal connection to the divine through prayer, music, movement, and storytelling. we are proud to be an lgbtq safe zone. check out our classes and services being offered via zoom online!



calendar























our origin story
by rabbi david zaslow almost 2,000 years ago the romans destroyed our holy temple in jerusalem. it’s fascinating that the talmud does not blame the romans for its destruction, but takes a look inward and puts the responsibility on ourselves. our sages do not exonerate the romans, and the horrors they committed are not excused. … 
continue reading “our origin story”
learn more






wisdom garden school next gathering,                           february 16th@ 9:30 am!
registration is still open! click here to learn more and to register. want to come check us out? contact ayala zonnenschein at ayala@ashlandhavurah.org
learn more






jewish spirituality with rabbi david zaslow tuesdays at noon
this is a free-wheeling class – reb david will teach on whatever is calling to him. recent topics have included a journey through genesis – torah study, kabballah meditation, levels of the soul and the names of g’d. join our mailing list to see what topics are coming up.
learn more
























viewpoint: the dangerous misuse of words                           by rabbi david zaslow
 


january 11, 2024
highly charged terms such as ‘genocide’ and ‘apartheid’ only promote divisiveness if they are applied inaccurately
by rabbi david zaslow
criticism of a nation’s policies is a vital feature of thriving democracies like the united states and israel. but the misuse of  words in order to advance one’s belief only adds fuel to the fires of divisiveness and hatred.
 read more













jewish spirituality
services &
hebrew classes
all upcoming
sign up



homepage


jewish spirituality with rabbi david zaslow tuesdays at noon.
this is a free-wheeling class – reb david will teach on whatever is calling to him. recent topics have included a journey through genesis – torah study, kabballah meditation, levels of the soul and the names of g’d. join our mailing list to see what topics are coming up.
 read more






homepage


services & classes via zoom live streaming
we are offering a wide array of services and classes via zoom. please check our calendar for the most updated schedule. if you wish to be added to our announcements please click on contact above. our zoom links are in the announcements.






homepage


hebrew classes with ayala
ayala zonnenschein has lived in israel for 14 years and speaks hebrew. she is currently offering three classes:  beginner’s for those who know the alef bet and can read, though not fluently,  advanced beginner’s hebrew for those who can read hebrew , have some knowledge of vocabulary and would like to improve fluency in reading as well as learn vocabulary with the intention of learning to unpack hebrew roots and become more fluent in reading and understanding prayer. finally an intermediate conversational class. 
call ayala at 541-292-0805 for more info or contact via email at ayala@ashlandhavurah.org.






homepage


all upcoming events
all events here!






homepage


sign up for updates:
 
sign up here to be updated about
classes, events and services at the havurah:
sign up here!































copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · havurah shir hadash


















































