











faber music




homenewswe representchoose categoryfaber musicfaber alt.manners mcdadeour musicfilm & tvchoose categoryfilm & tvmanners mcdadedistributionshopchoose categorysongbookseducationchoral & vocalinstrumentalpianoensemble & large scalebooksdownloadsyour basketyour basketsearchsearchprevious slide 1 / 4 next slideintroducing agathe backer grøndahl with first ever urtext editionsedition peters have published the first ever urtext editions of piano music by the norwegian composer, agathe backer grøndahl, fantasistykker op. 39 and i blaafjellet op. 44read the articlethe menil collection and dacamera welcome thomas adèsconcert presented in conjunction with major exhibition from tacita deanread the articleandrea lam records hindson’s sad piano for abc classicsread the articlefrom the shoptake a look at our latest publications  buy now  sonata for flute and piano in c-sharp minor op. 64 (instrumental duet) melanie helene bonis £12.95  buy now  cole porter for guitar (instrumental solo) cole porter, arr.  john w. duarte £10.99  buy now  schubert: meisterwerke am klavier / masterpieces for piano (piano solo) franz schubert £19.95  buy now  face to face (mixed voices) franke bernd £5.95  buy now  grant us peace (vocal score) (mixed voices/accompaniment) roxanna panufnik £5.50 view alledition peters publicationsfaber music is the proud publisher of the edition peters print catalogue, one of the world's leading classical music publishers. view edition peters catalogue faber alt. faber alt. is the home for faber music’s alternative, crossover writers and artists. we represent the highest quality, alternative acts across a variety of musical genres from alt-pop, electronic, folk, rock, experimental, indie and everything in-between.find out more manners mcdade manners mcdade, one of the uk's most respected music publishers and composer agencies, is now part of faber music. we represent media composers and artists working in film, television, advertising and games and publish catalogues of classical, alternative and electronic artists.find out more subscribe to our newsletter to receive the latest news and special offers from faber music email addresssubmitabout uscontacthirelicensing/syncprivacy policyfaqinclusivityaudiofollow usfacebooktwitteryoutubeinstagram © 2025 faber music 

