



real estate - the new york times
  




















skip to contentskip to site indexreal estate today’s paperadvertisementskip advertisementsupported byskip advertisementreal estateon the marketmortgage calculatoraffordable housing toolliving inthe huntwhat you getthe high endhighlightson locationwowed by a loft in philadelphia, and its hollywood pedigreea couple loved that their apartment was used as a location for the movie ‘philadelphia.’ but a decade after moving in, they needed to add a new scene. by tim mckeoughcreditjason varneyalexander brothers face more lawsuits accusing them of sexual assaulttal alexander and oren alexander, once top real estate brokers, and their brother alon alexander are currently in jail awaiting trial on federal sex-trafficking charges. by debra kamincreditdavid x prutting/bfa, via shutterstockrentersfinally, at 59, a place of her owna filmmaker in oakland, calif., had always lived with her family, her ex-husband, son or roommates. a friend helped her find her own place when she needed it most. by achy obejascreditanastasiia sapon for the new york timesdesign findsmixing favorite styles brings the most appealing resultsadd a touch of color to traditional décor for a welcoming living room. look for an easy upgrade that pleases you, splurge on something beautiful, or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object. by tim mckeoughcreditsam bush for the new york timeshome builders say trump tariffs are raising construction costssome developers describe an unpredictable climate that could drive up building costs and home prices. by ronda kaysencreditahmed gaber for the new york times$4,400 rentals in los angelesa craftsman house near culver city, a 1970s condo in west hollywood and a 1920s bungalow in hollywood. by angela serratorecreditmichael goviawhat you getcan i sue my hoa for something my neighbor does?disputes between neighbors can be settled in court, but that can be expensive, time-consuming and bad for relationships. by jill terreri ramoscreditnadia pillonask real estatecalifornia bill would force insurers to pay full coverage without requiring itemizationa proposed new law would release homeowners from the onerous process of listing every object lost in a destroyed home. by rukmini callimachicreditphilip cheung for the new york timeswhat goes on inside a brooklyn loft over 20 years?through jobs, marriages and children, one guy has managed to hold on to the same apartment in red hook. by alix strausscreditgeorge etheredge for the new york timesa philip johnson house is on the market in newburgh, n.y.wolfhouse, as it is known, was built in the late 1940s and recently restored. its asking price is $2.9 million. by vivian marinocreditgabriel zimmer/catskill imageexclusive$1.2 million homes in londona duplex loft in a former basket factory, a two-bedroom apartment in a former dog biscuit factory, and a modern perch in the canary wharf district. by michael kaminercreditthe modern house`what you getin miami, a young family sought a house to grow into. would $750,000 be enough?with a new baby and new jobs, a couple searched the city’s residential neighborhoods with ‘little idea of what the real miami might be.’ here’s what they found. by debra kamincreditsaul martinez for the new york timesthe huntthe most affordable cities for singlespaying less for rent leaves more money to mingle. by matt yancreditcalculatoryou’ve seen one snake plant, you haven’t seen them alleven botanists can be surprised at the sheer variety of a houseplant often known only for being indestructible. by margaret roachcreditscott mcintyre for the new york timesin the gardenadvertisementskip advertisementask real estatemore in ask real estate ›why are your property taxes higher than your neighbor’s?property taxes for condominiums in new york city are calculated differently from taxes in other dwellings. by jill terreri ramoscreditnadia pillonwho is responsible for fixing condo defects?condo boards have a duty to act in the interest of all unit owners. but if the board is controlled by the building’s sponsor, that could be tricky. by jill terreri ramoscreditnadia pillonwhen your neighbor renovates, how do you protect your home?a law exists to balance the interests of people who renovate their properties with the interests of their neighbors. by jill terreri ramoscreditnadia pillonco-op assessments: do you have to pay what they say?courts allow co-op boards significant power over building finances, including assessments — if the fees are in ‘good faith.’ by jill terreri ramoscreditnadia pillonwhat happens to my rent when the building’s tax benefit expires?once your apartment is no longer rent stabilized, there are laws that can protect you from eviction and unreasonable increases. by jill terreri ramoscreditnadia pillonrentersmore in renters ›she’s raising her daughter in her own childhood apartmentit took a ruling from new york state’s highest court, and a critical renovation of the building, to make a dream come true. by d.w. gibsoncreditwinnie au for the new york timestime to retire? better to take on a new challenge.at 67, a heart surgeon leaves the suburbs for brooklyn and for the chance to continue his life’s work in a new hospital. by d.w. gibsoncreditjames estrin/the new york timescurating a two-bedroom museum of her own lifebetti franceschi has lived in her art-filled upper west side apartment for decades. for her latest project, she published a book of photographs featuring dancers from her generation. by d.w. gibsoncreditgraham dickie/the new york timesnew to new york, and dazzled by the energy of times squarea couple who finally live full-time in the city sometimes can’t believe they have their own home in the middle of the craziness. by samantha maldonadocreditgraham dickie/the new york timesadvertisementskip advertisementfeatured propertiesadvertisementskip advertisementadvertisementskip advertisementfeatured propertiesadvertisementskip advertisementadvertisementskip advertisementlatestsearchsearchclear this text inputsome tenants could get only one day’s eviction notice, under federal billlegislation would end tenant protections that were first put in place during the pandemic.by debra kamin on the markethomes for sale in manhattan and queensthis week’s properties are on the upper east side, and in the flatiron district and jackson heights.by heather senison on the markethomes for sale in connecticut and new yorkthis week’s properties are a four-bedroom in new canaan, conn., and a six-bedroom in syosset, n.y.by alicia napierkowski and claudia gryvatz copquin what you get$450,000 homes in colorado, georgia and minnesotaa craftsman bungalow in colorado springs, a ranch in savannah and a queen anne victorian in minneapolis.by angela serratore love in this tuba poconos hotel closed last year. what happened to its iconic heart-shaped tubs?by josh ocampo what you get$2 million homes in californiaa midcentury home in los angeles, a house with ocean views in bodega bay and a contemporary home in palm desert.by angela serratore rentersrent the brooklyn duplex, but first, meet the upstairs neighborsa couple were drawn to the seclusion of red hook, and then delighted by the close-knit community they found when they moved there.by samantha maldonado alexander brothers plead not guilty in sex trafficking casereal estate brokers tal and oren alexander, along with their brother alon alexander, are charged with drugging and assaulting multiple women.by debra kamin exclusivekris jenner puts the ‘keeping up with the kardashians’ house up for salethe six-bedroom home in los angeles, where the family’s reality tv show was filmed for more than a decade, is being listed for $13.5 million.by debra kamin living smallthey traded a garden for a house that would nurture thema couple lived in a three-story house on a double lot in portland, ore. but they wanted a smaller house on one level, so they built it right next door.by julie lasky page 1 of 1012345678910advertisementskip advertisementadvertisementskip advertisementsite indexsite information navigation© 2025 the new york times companynytcocontact usaccessibilitywork with usadvertiset brand studioyour ad choicesprivacy policyterms of serviceterms of salesite mapcanadainternationalhelpsubscriptionsmanage privacy preferences














