


	pop culture & music photography and fine artworks for sale | san francisco art exchange






































  

    



log in













about


our story


the sfae team


buying guide


terms & conditions




artists









  



join our mailing list





enter email address









fine art iconic imagery from popular culture - established 1983
t 415.441.8840











about


our story


the sfae team


buying guide


terms & conditions




artists





search for:












log in











































what are you looking for today?


search for:















featured items
see our most popular items








keith richards "patience please", sea-tac airport customs, 1972by ethan russell





prince, purple rain tour, detroit, mi, 1984by richard e aaron





muhammad ali knocks out sonny liston, lewiston me, 1965by neil leifer





american civics - mass incarceration, 2016by shepard fairey





the wall commemorative edition, 2017by gerald scarfe





marilyn monroe in white ii, the seven year itch, 1954by bruno bernard





jim morrison - american poet, nyc, 1967by joel brodsky





the clash, london calling album cover, ny 1979by pennie smith





jimi hendrix burning his guitar, monterey pop festival, 1967by ed caraeff





keith richards, telecaster, nellcôte, france, 1971 (sepia)by dominique tarlé





beatles pillow fight, george v hotel, paris, 1964by harry benson





david bowie - the session (db11), london, 1995by gavin evans





brigitte bardot - cigar, spain, 1971 (colorized)by terry o'neill





bob dylan, saturday evening post i, new york, 1966by jerry schatzberg
















featured artist
see jim marshall's work








keith richards and jack daniels, backstage, 1972by jim marshall





jimi hendrix, hendrix in the west album cover, winterland ballroom, sf, 1968by jim marshall





the grateful dead flipping the bird, fillmore st, sf 1967by jim marshall





bob dylan portrait, greenwich village, nyc, 1963by jim marshall





grace slick & janis joplin, washington st, san francisco, 1967by jim marshall





carlos santana performing at the altamont free festival, 1969by jim marshall





mick jagger, onstage 1972by jim marshall





janis joplin and her psychedelic porsche, palace of fine arts, san francisco, 1968by jim marshall





miles davis performing, monterey jazz festival, monterey, ca, 1964by jim marshall





mccoy tyner, newport jazz festival, newport, ri, 1963by jim marshall



















san francisco
art exchange llc

founded in 1983 by theron kabrich and james hartley, san francisco art exchange, llc - "the gallery of the popular image" - is a world leader and pioneer in the representation and sale of museum-quality fine-art limited edition prints, original art, and important photographs. we specialize in iconic people, events, and imagery from popular culture, rock 'n' roll, jazz & country music, film, sports, advertising, and history.
along with being the primary gallery for the work of legendary pin-up artist alberto vargas, sfae also represents original and limited edition artwork by album cover artists roger dean and hipgnosis founders storm thorgerson and aubrey powell, painter and rock & roll hall of fame musician ronnie wood, the art of both john lennon and ringo starr, and over 100 major photographers from music and pop culture.
sfae has been responsible for many "firsts" in the art world including the sale of the one-of-a-kind original artwork for over a dozen iconic album covers. we have hosted several private concerts featuring grammy® winning musicians including brian wilson and graham nash, and speaking engagements with writers and prominent figures such as clarence jones, rev. dr. martin luther king jr's longtime friend, attorney and speech-writer.
we specialize in unique and rare artifacts as well as vintage pieces from the personal collections of prominent artists and individuals in the entertainment business.


















"remember mates, it all started right here..."
- ronnie wood







pink floyd - the wall original artworks, by gerald scarfe including the iconic image called the scream
sold by sfae in 2017







dark side of the moon, original artwork by hipgnosisused to create pink floyd’s famous album cover
sold by sfae in 2011







abbey road album cover photo shoot, seven-piece suite: front & back cover photos and five outtakes with matching edition numbers, signed by iain macmillan. 
all five existing sets sold (and several resold) by sfae beginning 2005







candy-o, original artwork by alberto vargas used on the cover of the cars’ album. 
sold and resold 2009 by sfae















© copyright 1994 - 2025 san francisco art exchange llc. all rights reserved.
 credit














































