





sequachee valley electric cooperative




































































my account
make a payment
report an outage
 












 

  home
my account

access my account
billing & payments
payment assistance program
fees and rates
start or stop service
the svec app
smarthub
update my account information


my cooperative

about us
affiliations
board of directors
ceo & executive staff
co-op events & programs
economic development
local offices
products
tree & vegetation management


outage center

report a power outage
view outage map
how to prepare for power outages
power safety
power restoration


energy solutions

comprehensive services
electric vehicles
energy audits
go green
heat pump financing
solar energy


news and resources

articles and press releases
social media
the tennessee magazine
beware of scams
bright ideas
careers
washington d.c. youth tour
for kids
svecares
role model role call


 





































 













#connectingcommunities











because you deserve uninterrupted connections every day!






dedicated to ensuring you're always in touch, no matter the hour.







contact us






























svec






apply for electrical service for an existing location or request to disconnect a service in your name.







learn more























sveconnect







serving marion county with gig-speed fiber optics, including internet, television and phone services.







learn more




















sv propane 






learn about all the great resources sv propane has to offer.







learn more



















svec is upgrading our system. starting feb. 10, our members will be able to access their accounts with our new mobile and web portal, smarthub. for more information on how to register, click the link below or call 423-837-8605.








smarthub


















photo: the svec 1940s/early 1950s line crew standing in front of the first svec office which was located on elm avenue in south pittsburg, between 2nd and 3rd street. pictured left to
right are: bill thompson, bobby brown, leonard peoples, roy conner, james edward henderson, j.r. hookey (foreman), j.c. blevins, rance castle sr., and riley choate.

















proudly serving our members in southeast tennessee with safe, reliable, affordable electricity since 1939











founded in 1939, the sequachee valley electric cooperative (svec) was initiated by community visionaries aiming to electrify the valley's rural regions. drawing its name from the local cherokee river, svec uniquely retained the original "sequachee" spelling. with support from the rural electrification administration, svec acquired power lines from the tennessee valley electric power company in august 1939.
by september, they began operations, taking assets from the tennessee electric power company, embarking on a mission to provide affordable, transformative electricity to the community.






affilated with:



































































svec metrics
































3,250
miles of line





























38,841
members





























1,210,390
2023 ad valorem





















local people, local power.























 













quick links

















careerscontact usnewslegal info








my account







access my accountbilling & paymentspayment assistance programfees and ratesstart or stop serviceupdate my account information








my cooperative







about usaffiliationsboard of directorsceo & executive staffco-op events & programseconomic developmentlocal officesproductstree & vegetation management








outage center







report a power outageview outage maphow to prepare for power outagespower safetypower restoration








news and resources







articles and press releasessocial mediathe tennessee magazinebeware of scamsbright ideascareerswashington d.c. youth tourfor kidssvecaresrole model role call




















follow us on






































the svec app

































© 2025 sequachee valley electric cooperative. all rights reserved. this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

















































