






the law centre | a service of the university of victoria faculty of law
































home
how we help
forms and info
legal resources
for law students
our team
 


select page


  
 
 














the law centre

the law centre, a service of the university of victoria faculty of law, provides advice, assistance and representation to clients who cannot afford a lawyer.

learn more



our services




criminal matters






family law






human rights complaints






civil disputes













what we do
 





the law centre provides advice, assistance and representation to clients who cannot afford a lawyer. thousands of persons living in the capital regional district are served annually. the law centre also provides legal education programs to the public.

learn more



the law centre also provides law students with clinical and legal education. students are trained and supervised in the conduct of legal matters by lawyers who are members of the university of victoria, faculty of law. 

law students






years established




clients helped annually









contact us

we regret that we cannot provide legal advice via email or over the phone. clients should contact our office during office hours, or attend our office in person to schedule an appointment.










our location
suite 225 – 850 burdett avenue, victoria bc






interviews for new clients
monday to friday, 9:30 am – 12:00 pm and 1:15 pm – 3:30 pm.
*please note that the law centre will be closed for the holidays starting dec. 11. we will open again on jan. 6.
for any inquiries about setting up new intakes and appointments, please call on jan. 6. students will start working on existing files and getting back to current clients at the end of february 2025.  






(250) 385-1221 
switchboard hours 8:00 am – 12:00 pm and 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm daily






reception@thelawcentre.ca  
please note we cannot offer legal advice via telephone or email.









 








major funding for the law centre is provided by the law foundation of british columbia


the law centre privacy policy

 



















