














muscle shoals: home
























  
menu | 



home (current)


about

history
public notice
faq
links



government

mayor
faq
organization
city council
city clerk
municipal bids
board information
council meeting minutes
muscle shoals code



departments

building and permits


frequently asked questions
contact us
planning and zoning
forms and applications
procedures
flood zone mapping
stormwater management

feedback


fire department


contact us
current fire code
current mobile food vendors
employment
facilities
fire inspection information
fire watch form
frequently asked questions
helpful tips
incident report release form
insurance services offices (iso)
knoxbox
links
mobile vendor information
services
smoke alarm initiative

human resources


about us
civil service board
faq
contact us
benefits
job opportunities

library
municipal court
police department
parks and recreation
public works


action center
garbage
holiday sanitation schedule 2025
animal control
brush/trash
street department
faq

senior living center


february calendar
web links

cypress lakes golf & tennis



contact (current)

action center







search terms

search

text here 2/18/2025














actioncenter
residents
visitors
business
faqs
links
parks and recregistration












previous
next



welcome to muscle shoals, alabama!

the city leaders of muscle shoals welcome you to our website, and hope that you find your visit informative and useful. we are located in northwest alabama along the tennessee river in a two county region known as the shoals. since the city of muscle shoals was founded in 1923, it has been recognized nationally for the tennessee valley authority, and "muscle shoals music". today, muscle shoals is a thriving town in the heart of "the shoals" and is known as a family-friendly place for our residents to live, work, and play. muscle shoals has an exceptional school system (grades k – 12). northwest shoals community college, a two year institution, and the university of north alabama, a four year institution, are available for those wishing to further their education.
the city also offers many opportunities for civic minded individuals including the muscle shoals civitan club, muscle shoals education foundation, muscle shoals kiwanis club, and the shoals area optimist club. there are also many opportunities for the young and old alike at the muscle shoals city library, muscle shoals senior citizens center, and the muscle shoals park and recreation facilities.follow us on our social media pages: facebook / instagram / x. read our newsletters under city news. for newsletter ideas or to get on the email list, please call (256) 389-2126.community standards for this page:
this page will be used to communicate news and announcements related to the city of muscle shoals. while citizen engagement is encouraged, we will remove any comments or posts that include threats, violent images, bullying, intimidation or racist imagery or overtones. please be respectful of each other. any posts, comments, photos or content that is in violation of our community standards for this page will be taken down. 
» more






city news
city of muscle shoals comprehensive plan

important announcement from the muscle shoals municipal court

board openings

city council meeting agenda february 17, 2025

designalabama detailed report

2023 archives
2022 archives
 

   

city calendar
no content found for this page. 
 






site map | copyright © 2025 | muscle shoals, alabama 
website designed and developed by ingenuity, inc.





