


home - the women's international network of utility professionals

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitteradd me to mailing listmember loginmenuhomeabout us mission & values winup history executive officers international board winup in the community acorns to oaks business hours join usmembership benefits membership benefits member testimonials winup membership charms international connectionevents event calendar winup conferencechapters alabama arklatex atlanta corpus christi  indiana kentucky members at large metro chicago mid-atlantic nashville new york north texas northern indiana ohio south texas sw virginia/ne tennessee texhoma virginia west virginia century club member login photo gallery contact us






 

our mission
the women's international network of utility professionals is an organization providing a link for developing and recognizing professionals involved with utility business trends, issues, products, and services.
see the mission & values page for more information.
keyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right•••••••••

our values

well-connected members

 inclusion, equity and diversity

networking

uplifting

philanthropic
see the mission & values page for more information.
announcements & eventsupcoming eventsupcoming events recent articlesannouncementsletter from the presidentgreetings in the new year,

i am thrilled to address you for the first time as the 2025 president of our esteemed organization. it is with great enthusiasm and a deep sense of responsibility that i step into this role, and i am eager to embark on this journey with all of you.

the strength of our organization is the members. we have surpassed 100 years and evolved while maintaining that strength and bringing unity and empowerment to women all committed to continuing the legacy. we represent a broad spectrum of the utility industry in our roles and businesses and that makes us unique!

as we move forward, i envision a year filled with meaningful exchanges, exciting opportunities, and impactful initiatives across winup. our collective efforts will not only enhance our personal and professional growth but also make a significant difference in our community and businesses.

i encourage each of you to share your ideas, aspirations, and feedback. your voices are vital in shaping the future of our organization, and i am here to listen and support you every step of the way.

thank you for your trust and confidence in me, our executive committee, and our international board. let us work together to achieve new heights and make this year another remarkable one for our organization.

in closing, “some of us have great runways already built for us. if you have one, take off. but if you don't have one, realize it is your responsibility to grab a shovel and build one for yourself and for those who will follow after you.”― amelia earhart

regards,

trishia swayne
2025 winup president






homemembership benefitsjoin uscentury clubwinup in the communityeventswinup headquarters2795 east bidwell st#100-209folsom, ca 95630
women's international network of utility professionals is a not-for-profit 501 (c) (6) organization under the ira code.  section 501 (c) (6) of the irs code provides for the exemption of business leagues - which is an association of individuals with a common business interest.  contributions to winup are not tax deductible as a charitable donation.  contributions may qualify as a business expense.  donors should consult a tax professional.



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









