








home - resonance publication






















































  






 






			search for:		


  
		search	

 









 






the portal to science,  engineering and technology

read more 

 








the portal to science,  engineering and technology

read more 

 



 










home
about us
science-news
astronomy
mathematics
physics
nano-tech
engineering
technology
evolution
microbiology
amateur science
science and home schooling
nasa news
space
computers
hardware
software
interviews
discussion
library
e-print
the gallery
poetry/prose
quotations
feedback
sitemap
link
credits
contact us
 




welcome to the world’s leading portal for science, engineering and technology.



resonance publications has created this web site to address the broad spectrum of interests of both professionals and amateurs in the sciences, mathematics , engineering , astronomy and space , technology, and related fields. our readers will be exposed to the most exciting and inspirational information and knowledge that we can locate. 
our view of the natural sciences, pure and applied, is from a humanistic perspective. these are social activities and as such interact with all of society. therefore, as our reader, you will be sometimes surprised at the content and discussion. this is our goal.
in addition to the latest news in these fields, you will find interesting interviews with leaders in a broad variety of fields. these interviews will include discussions with well-known people, and with people that you may not have heard of, but with significant ideas. in all cases, you will come away with new and interesting viewpoints.

read more













featured topics 







sci-news   








astronomy








mathematics








physics






view all
















the solar system development journal
the solar system development journal is an archival journal devoted to documenting the  efforts of the private and public sectors to expand the human domain of activity to space, the moon and asteroids, and the planets in the solar system. papers that are encouraged will...

read more
 










the uncertainties in engineering mechanics journal
uncertainties in engineering mechanics is an archival journal devoted to documenting the efforts of the academic and the commercial communities to model and understand uncertainties in the analysis and design of engineered systems.
read more
 














this site is rapidly evolving, so visit often to find our new features and services. we welcome your thoughts and suggestions on any of our pages, and we will try to respond to all e-mail in a timely manner. we will consider submitted articles and discussions that, in our opinion, are worthy of serious consideration by our readers. we can be found at:




ehcurrie@resonance-pub.com
haymbenaroya@resonance-pub.com
 





we shall not forget our fallen comrades. 


tragedy and heroism
 







gallery










robot brain surgeron testbed












robot brain surgeron testbed












robot brain surgeron testbed












robot brain surgeron testbed







view all









this site was founded in june, 1998 , and awarded the prestigious dr. matrix excellence in science award  in december of 1999 .





resonance publications, the c# journal, c# journal, the c sharp journal, and c sharp journal, solar system development journal and  uncertainties in engineering mechanics journal are trademarks  of resonance publications, inc.





resonance sponsors this site purely as an educational and information resource and  wishes to  respect all copyrighted material, and fully comply with fair use guidelines.  please notify us of any oversight in this regard so that we may either remove the material in question or include appropriate copyright credit.






copyright ©  resonance publications. all rights reserved.











menu






homeabout usscience-newsastronomymathematicsphysicsnano-techengineeringtechnologyevolutionmicrobiologyamateur sciencescience and home schoolingnasa newsspacecomputershardwaresoftwareinterviewsdiscussionlibrarye-printthe gallerypoetry/prosequotationsfeedbacksitemaplinkcreditscontact us 




















































































































































































