








downhome computers website






* * * * * *
news flash
i am in the process of slowly retiring and not 
accepting any new clients.
(i am 
not updating this site, i am leaving it here for historical data only. 
yes i know there are broken 
links, mainly because microsoft moves their pages around like chess pieces.i 
gave up on trying to keep track of them years ago.)




we exclusively service clients with from 5 to 75 computers,
who would rather spend their time on their business instead, of their computers.
monthly retainer based on network size and complexity, 
billing rate $250.00 per hour

like to read a letter recently 
received from a happy client?

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         


jump to handyandy's blog!     
   
       

jump to ha's
triad sbs group
we can help if you feel like this
we specialize in  
microsoft small business
server.





authorized reseller for

    
and now    



authorized reseller for



authorized reseller for
 

need software licenses?

  

a note about 
pop ups, this site does not have any pop up ads. we do however use many links 
that open in a new window. if you are using a popup blocker it may interpret 
this action as a popup ad, so please tell your popup blocker to allow popups 
from this site. you have my word there are no popup ads here, i hate them.
andy
downhome computers can setup your small office intranet and/or 
internet presence. we can help get you connected or 
co-located. we build custom hardware, software and web solutions.  we offer complete 
sbs network systems in
the piedmont-triad area of north carolina, and sometimes farther away. 




 





 www  www.sbs-rocks.com 




              

         

     



 you can click
andy goodman 
for more information 
 * * *  if you have a question please fill out
this form. * * *

about the company and the owner

we sponsor the triad sbs group
check out some past articles
some handy links
some recommended software
    
