



the simplest filing system in the world - paper tiger















 
sign in or sign up free!

home
paper tiger
digital tiger
reviews
pricing
blog
support
 
 
 





manage digital & paper files!
find both digital & paper with one search!
turn your paper into pdf files and also easily find the remaining paper in your office.
 
 


 


 
 
 



manage your existing paper files
turn papers into pdfs
manage digital & paper files


 
 


the simplest digital filing system in the world!



paper tiger is available either online or on your desktop
digital tiger is available in paper tiger online basic & pro plans
do you want to organize digital files, paper or both?




manage digital & paper files in one place
finally, a product that allows you to organize your entire office in one place. you will have one screen to search for all of your information, be it in pdf format from the paper you have scanned or if you have the paper in your file cabinets, as most businesses do. many people are starting to move to a more paperless environment but still have a great deal of paper that they must manage each day. the combination of paper tiger and the new digital tiger makes it possible to easily convert your paper to pdf files and store them in the amazing product google docs. in addition, using paper tiger, you can easily index your physical paper files and find them while searching for your digital files...all in one search!  digital tiger is free with your paid paper tiger online account (basic or pro plans).
our original product, paper tiger software in the market since 1995, revolutionized how tens of thousands of organizations/individuals manage their filing and paper (hanging file folders). paper tiger greatly simplified filing by eliminating the problems found in traditional alphabetic methods and made finding paper files in the office faster and much more reliable. the software is a very powerful, yet simple indexing system for paper office files. it works like a search engine for paper files to help you stay organized. people using the software can save over 150 hours per year by eliminating the time-consuming task of looking for lost information.  people so love the software that they have expanded its use to many things other than paper!
as the power of computers has increased, the cost of disk space has decreased and the cloud has become secure, reliable and robust, more and more people are looking for a digital solution for at least some of their paper files. this lead us to create digital tiger. digital tiger and paper tiger work together seamlessly to provide you one place to find both your digital (word, excel, powerpoint, pdfs and almost any other file type) and your paper files in one search. using both products, you will be able to "find anything in your office in 5 seconds or less...guaranteed!

learn more


digital tiger is powered by google docs. this means that you will be able to scan some or all of your paper into pdf format and store the pdfs, along with almost any other digital file, into your ultra low cost and amazingly powerful google docs account. other document management systems in the marketplace are too complex and too expensive. digital tiger, working seamlessly with paper tiger, allows you to easily find anything you have filed, digital or paper, very quickly from one interface. monticello combines this with great training and support to provide you with a total solution to allow you to easily setup your digital paper management/document management system and make your organization more efficient with minimal effort or cost.
digital tiger and paper tiger are both designed to be easy to setup and simple to use. powered by google docs, you can be assured that your data will be there when you need it with a 99.9% guaranteed system uptime and a company the size of google docs storing your valuable information. in addition, you will be getting great new features automatically as they are introduced.

 

who can use paper tiger?


financial planners
ministers
individuals
virtual assistants



small businesses
police departments
non-profits
administrative



home offices
clergy
rabbis
federal government



dental offices
hospitals
local government
work groups



teachers
health clinics
insurance agencies
electricians



public accountants
professionals
lawyers
doctor's offices



schools
state government
college professors
real estate firms



auto dealers
property managers
homemakers
restaurants



title companies
building contractors
real estate agents
churches



funeral homes
chiropractic offices
sales people
county government


 

 
sign up free  in 60 seconds
 
 


since 1995, over 20,000 organizations have trusted us to help manage their paper!



get control and clear your desk!
paper tiger helps companies, non-profits, government agencies, professionals and individuals get control of something they hate...filing the paper on their desk & in their office. now anyone can start solving their problems with paper in less than 60 seconds with our free forever account.
if a messy desk is your problem, if your alphabetic filing system breaks down each time you have staff turnover, if members of your team want to be able to quickly and easily share information in the office or if you are wasting too much time each week looking for lost information, then paper tiger could be just what you need. the product is designed for anyone who wants to get a better handle on the paper-based information in the office.
now, with the addition of the new and free digital tiger (included with a paid basic or pro plan paper tiger online account), you can also start moving to a more paperless business environment using the amazingly powerful, yet quite inexpensive google docs. digital tiger, which is powered by google docs, will allow you and your business associates to have incredible tools to convert, manage, manipulate and store your scanned pdf files and virtually any other document format to the cloud. all the while, you can rest assured knowing that your files are protected and safely stored with google docs.


there are only 5 options with paper
many people would just like the paper in their life to go away but somehow it seems to keep coming. this is especially true in business. there are only 5 options when you are considering how to handle the paper in your world. you can toss it, stack it, alphabetize it, scan it or index it. each of these methods has its advantages, but in today's computerized world, if you have any volume of paper whatsoever, you will save a great deal of time using a computer to either scan or index your information using a system like paper tiger/digital tiger. see your 5 options with paper.





access your information from anywhere
using the paper tiger and the new digital tiger, you or your team will be able to access your information from anywhere with an internet connection. you will no longer have to worry about what computer you are using (windows, mac, linux, etc.) or if you have backed up your data because you are storing your files in the very secure, always backed google docs cloud.
also, because the new digital tiger is powered by google docs, you will be able to access your information on a host of mobile devices including the apple ipad, apple ipod touch, apple iphone, android phones, android tablets and most other web-enabled devices. the software works with almost any internet browser (internet explorer, firefox, safari, chrome, etc.)



    a





sign up for our email newsletter!




our newsletter contains great tips on how to use paper tiger, stay organized, and be more productive! don't worry, we will not send spam or stell your email address!




what our customers are saying:


“paper tiger has slashed my paper mess down to manageable levels.  i've been a paper tiger fan for years!”
chris brewer, america's incredible pizza company
dec 29, 2010
 

“this is the best software for organizing my home files! it's not just a program, it's a sure-fire system that helps me eliminate the clutter.  thank you, thank you, thank you!”
kevin mcallister
oct 31, 2010
 

“i love the fact that i don't have to 'pre-think' all my categories before using it!  it's flexible and it works on the fly!  no more having paralysis having to decide on alphabetical categories:  "is this an 'a' or is this an 'r'?"”
john gehm
mar 08, 2011
 

“using paper tiger has cut our document research time substantially. we know what we have and where it is. brilliant.”
jd
dec 29, 2010
 

“all i can say is that it is definately the best and probably the only way to keep people like myself who have add organized!!”
richard
nov 19, 2010
 

“paper tiger helped me organize my files and vastly increased my productivity during the day.”
chad schaeffer, scsb
nov 16, 2010
 

“i am using paper tiger to tame the huge piles that have been littering my office.”
alan d, my atlanta homes
oct 31, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because my desk is uncluttered, i don't have to go searching for files anymore and when my colleagues are looking for something they can look in my database as well and don't have to ask me for help!”
caryl schiff-greatorex, csu-aaup
nov 03, 2010
 

“have used paper tiger since 1999 and very happy with the product. we use it for the office filing system, as well as personal filling system and we are looking forward to the online version.”
rafael, continental investments
dec 29, 2010
 

“if your desk is cluttered like mine is, then paper tiger can help. no more struggling to find that needle in a haystack. paper tiger takes care of the work so you can spend your time on better things!”
delano jennings, quality spray
nov 28, 2010
 

“i have used this software now for more than 2 years and it has made finding documents a breeze!”
annie k.
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger has freed me from the "filing stenosis" that has plagued me for years.  now i can file easily without the worries of "where do i file it in the first place so that i can find it later...?"”
gray thornburg, odw
nov 29, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because, i like feeling in control. i like being able to quickly locate what i'm looking for, especially when my boss asks for it! paper tiger reduces my stress level because i don't have to say, "wait, let me find it."”
iris metcalf, bbfc-tt
mar 01, 2011
 

“paper tiger has been my filing system for several years. truly i can find any document in a few seconds.”
debbie oppie, desired reflections
dec 29, 2010
 

“love the product! file it anywhere and find easily at anytime with paper tiger. it really makes filing a breeze. this product does for filing what google did for web sites!”
jesus dacal, encore int'l trading, inc.
oct 19, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because we don't lose important documents any more!  we know just where to look and anyone in the office can use this system.  better yet, we no longer have piles of paper on (or under) our desks waiting to be filed!”
kathryn shirley, nc state university women's basketball
oct 29, 2010
 

“i love the paper tiger because i am a pastor. i have 3 large filing cabinets and every piece of information i need from it is only about 5 seconds away. it is incredibly simple to use and exactly what i need to stay organised.”
ross cochrane, words of life blogs
aug 31, 2011
 

“i have used paper tiger for several years, and when i remember to use it, it works great.  when i don't use the system, my paper tiger bites hard.  thanks for continuing support in your product line.”
charlie w henry, tx farm bureau ins co
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love the paper tiger. it's a simple, and easy to use and super efficient way to file and easily retrieve documents--you should try it!”
jeanine davis, davis painting, inc.
dec 29, 2010
 

“for years i've had to dig through stacks that pile up on my desk. that's no longer the case, thanks to paper tiger.”
tracy wilson, special olympics summer games
nov 16, 2010
 

“paper tiger is a revolutionary way to solve all your filing needs. it keeps me free from clutter and able to access anything i need, at any time.”
karen mead, verging on
nov 16, 2010
 

“i have been using paper tiger for years and i'm very, very satisfied with it. we are total mac user's and had a pc only to run paper tiger. now i have been totally liberated with paper tiger online. awesome product!”
glyn, avonlea foundation
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it saves me so much time!”
rebekah
dec 02, 2010
 

“paper tiger gets rid of the paper stacks and does the work for you. check it out!!”
delano jennings, quality spray
nov 16, 2010
 

“paper tiger helps keep my home office organized and that's what make us successful.”
victoria lester, home business
nov 10, 2010
 

“i couldn't have survived a 6 year high court contested divorce without the system. you don't have to think and when you're emotional and stressed you can't.”
monica donnelly
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it has gotten me organized and keeps my important papers where i can find them so easily.”
susie rankin, retired
jan 25, 2011
 

“i loved how simple it was to use your filing system. it is a great product for both companies and home use!”
gail swanstrom
nov 16, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it enables me to be much more efficient on a day-to-day basis.  thanks paper tiger!”
kevin mcallister, victory christian academy
oct 31, 2010
 

“i love the paper tiger's indexing system...it can get even the most disorganized person decluttered!”
kimberly kelly-sydow
dec 29, 2010
 

“all i can say is that it is definitely the "best" and probably the only way to keep people like myself who have add organized!!”
richard
nov 19, 2010
 

“paper tiger saves me time every day! i can't remember where i put statements, records, personal info. paper tiger does though, so i'm set! perfect!”
tim burridge, lisa burridge & associates real estate
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger is the only way for me to stay organized in my business and keep me from being forced to go on the "hoarders" show.”
robert castanaro, ezmedware
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger is really a tiger when it comes to filing, it is so great to cross reference things too.”
liz
dec 29, 2010
 

“i received a beta copy of paper tiger and it has been really useful!  i love that i can organize the directions and ring counts for my jewelry that i make. it's also incredibly easy to use. thank you so much!”
marcella cook, marcimallow
oct 28, 2010
 

“just this morning, i had a request to pull a legal document that hadn't been needed or even viewed in over two years.  i pulled up paper tiger online, typed in one word and had the file in my hand - all within two minutes.  stress free!”
pam berry, berry and company
feb 08, 2012
 

“i have used paper tiger for several years and it truly is a timesaver!”
dee
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger is worth a try. they eliminate the paper and free up time to use on making your business succeed not  dealing with paperwork. also eco friendly!”
delano jennings, quality spray
feb 25, 2011
 

“i love the paper tiger because i have been so disorganized for so long that i didn't know where to begin.  once i got the system in place, it was so much easier for me.”
gail steger mock, juice plus+ for health
nov 02, 2010
 

“paper tiger has changed the way i work - for the better!  my desk is clean now and free of paper clutter.  those stacks of paper in my outbox have disappeared!  thanks, paper tiger!”
katy morris
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love being able to find a paper immediately. i love, love, love the paper tiger.”
foresteen forbes
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger has helped our small office get organized. document storage and retrieval has never been more easy. i have saved so much time and money using paper tiger and i'm more organized.”
victoria lester
nov 16, 2010
 

“paper tiger has removed my ambivalence when a document seems to belong in more than one file at once.”
elizabeth robinson, university of phoenix
oct 28, 2010
 

“paper tiger is simple and brilliant. the breakthrough is in understanding that the important thing is quick retrieval, not fancy or elaborate filing. thanks for creating a system that works the way the human brain actually works.”
dr. marc kossmann, personalsuccess marketing
dec 29, 2010
 

“even with adhd, i can still find everything.”
steve  goldfarb, goldfarb law office, p.a.
oct 24, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because i can create files for as many topics as i need.  when i no longer need a file, i can reassign that file number to the new topic/subject.”
ethelyn barksdale, personally speaking speech-language pathology services
oct 19, 2010
 

“this is a great app for a very small business. i spend less time doing filing and more time increasing inventory and sales.”
rks, studio house
nov 16, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it frees me from having to create complex topical structures for my files - just put it in the next slot, enter the keywords and you're done!”
joyce thomson, saint mary's university
sep 27, 2011
 

“paper tiger has really helped streamline the papers in my office!”
matthew udland, umkc
dec 29, 2010
 

“this is first time i see paper tiger and i think it's awesome. i register and enjoy being paper tiger!”
martik, martik-scorp
feb 22, 2011
 

“before paper tiger, i had only an idea where i filed things.  after paper tiger, i know exactly where it is filed.  thanks paper tiger! you make me look good.”
tom fulner, dynamark graphics group, inc.
oct 27, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger for both home and business, and i have been using it for almost as long as it has been around. a personal coach, maria ikenberry, first told me about it.”
judith glover, judith gleason glover, artist
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because now i can finally find anything i need! years of stacked up papers, research, contacts are now being organized & used. i can be much more effective in my work & time management in my one-person office. thank you!”
lisa goede, bear river heritage area
oct 27, 2010
 

“before paper tiger, i had only an idea where i filed things.  after paper tiger, i know exactly where it is filed.  thanks paper tiger - you make me look like good.”
tom fulner, dynamark graphics group, inc.
oct 19, 2010
 

“paper tiger is the greatest!  as a professional organizer, i use it in residences, home offices and business settings.  i've found it to be universally easy to use, easy explain, and helps everyone find what they need when they need it!”
jeanne hink, the right sort, llc
oct 28, 2010
 

“during recent litigation, paper tiger was priceless as it enabled us to have immediate instant access to all of the documents needed to prevail. people kept remarking how organized i was... the secret... it's the paper tiger!”
laura roquemore, onecallcuresall.com
dec 29, 2010
 

“there's nothing better to get your paper monster under control than paper tiger.  thanks guys!”
barbara lopatin
dec 29, 2010
 

“this system was recommended by a colleague.  after some hesitation, our use of paper tiger has dramatically reduced the amount of paper in our office and has truly made everything easier to locate.”
deb colling, professional learning alternatives, inc.
nov 19, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because of the time it saves me and it is almost impossible to misfile.  i am a true believer!”
elaine simpson, city of mobile
nov 09, 2010
 

“i have been a user of paper tiger software for more than 10 years and it has been the best tool for handling filing and information.”
rafael, ragoca development
dec 29, 2010
 

“i was a disorganized mess until i started using paper tiger, now i am organized and know where all my stuff is (papers, books, dvd's, cd's, etc. etc.)”
robert fettes, plus 1 pizza
dec 29, 2010
 

“this filing system is the only one that has begun to tame the wilderness of 13 years of collected papers.”
rev. john a. nelson, niantic community church
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger has helped me organize massive stacks of paper that were difficult to categorize under traditional methods.  paper tiger makes it quick and easy and allows me to keep and access important reference material.  thank you.”
randolph hinton, rh wealth advisors, inc.
oct 19, 2010
 

“i have used paper tiger since version 1 and it is the best filing system i can imagine! so glad to have attended a seminar with barbara and got into the paper tiger family. it is worth all the effort. join the family!”
mike mehring, full gospel church
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love the paper tiger because it really is a simple filing system and a great way to really organize files....in other words: i can file things and actually retrieve them (easily)!”
jeanine davis
dec 18, 2010
 

“i have my filing coded and ready to put away. i got paper tiger software several years ago and love it. there has been several times that i needed to find a document, and was able to put my hands on it fast. i recommend this program often.”
lorie
jun 24, 2015
 

“paper tiger document management and filing system software has helped us out a lot at work. this simple indexing system for the hanging files in our filing cabinet have kept us very organized!”
diane vescio, upmc
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it makes a grueling task easy. easy enough for me to actually file all these documents instead of letting it pile up! thanks so much!”
lilly nguyen
jul 26, 2011
 

“finally this year, my paper mess is under control!
paper tiger ended my big paper mess.”
dolores allegue, home user
oct 27, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because i can take my office with me wherever i go.”
jomar t. sadie, bessie mati designs
feb 24, 2011
 

“i'm a teacher and can't imagine finding materials without paper tiger. thank goodness for paper tiger!”
sue vaughn
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger simplifies finding anything i need to store, short term or long term.”
leon christensen
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it allows me to search for my stuff by keyword, making locating a particular document in a complex file very quick and easy. being able to input many relevant keywords is a real plus with this system.”
joyce thomson, saint mary's university
oct 13, 2011
 

“paper tiger software is one of the best inventions since sliced bread.  once the tiger is fed, all data will be found - be it files, music, library books or anything you need to retrieve...”
cindy swan, bermuda international professional organizing
dec 29, 2010
 

“i have been using paper tiger since you started and it’s the best filing system anyone could use.”
robert juska, juska ftg florist
dec 29, 2010
 

“this program has helped me organize project records going back 40-50 years. so user friendly and easy to learn. we love the paper tiger!”
jackie gilde, city of seaside
nov 16, 2010
 

“try paper tiger, they removed the clutter from my desk and i know they can help you too.”
delano jennings, quality spray
feb 25, 2011
 

“can it possibly be since 1995 that i have been using my original version of the paper tiger?  yes, and mostly self-taught since the program is so intuitive.”
r t quigley, prodisco., inc.
nov 03, 2010
 

“you have the best filing system i've seen so far. it's very organized.  it's really great that you offer a free option.”
laura kahn, self employed
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger is the easiest, most intuitive way to organize all your paper. i have loved it for years and am thrilled about the new internet version!”
ruth woodliff-stanley, air consulting
dec 29, 2010
 

“i've used paper tiger for years in my business and have found it to be a real life saver when it comes to managing all paperwork.”
cheryl marr, era rocklin real estate
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love my paper tiger & am so glad i could upgrade to the newest professional version! i use it every day & have recommended it to all my collegues!!”
ruth massengale, r & r trucking
dec 29, 2010
 

“we are new users and so far you are making it easy to learn the systems and
navigate the site. we intend to "paper tiger" our office and refer others.”
steven hutt, wms, inc
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger has removed the clutter from my desk, i feel so naked with a clean desk.”
delano jennings, quality spray
nov 16, 2010
 

“this is a great software if you want to finally end all of your filing frustrations”
cort curtis, a change in thinking
dec 29, 2010
 

“i have made a believer out of my boss.  he could not believe how quickly i could retrieve a file.”
elaine, city of mobile
nov 10, 2010
 

“i am slowly using paper tiger, only because time is limited! i am excited to have found "paper tiger" and look forward to organizing my life, family, home and businesses. thank you paper tiger!”
angela chapman, self
dec 27, 2011
 

“i love paper tiger because it makes my life easier...@fdp4life”
susan smoaks
nov 22, 2011
 

“i love paper tiger because it has helped our office organize our paper files and become more efficient in finding what we need.”
alissa, city of stayton
dec 14, 2010
 

“absolutely great product! i would be completely lost without it! thanks!”
billy l
oct 29, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it keeps all my genealogy documents in a way i can access them within seconds and only a couple touches of the keyboard.  a genealogy must!”
kay vinsand
dec 07, 2010
 

“i love the paper tiger because it prevents me from creating a number of different files for the same subject! and i do need help and prodding to clean out files!”
steffanie chew, carver elementary academy
oct 27, 2010
 

“i have a lot going on at all times and have a difficult time staying organized - paper tiger system is awesome.”
wendy klemka
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love the paper tiger because it organizes my hundreds of files with out any major effort.”
sonia astwood, human affairs
jan 24, 2011
 

“i started using paper tiger in 1997. it is my lifeline to all of my paper work. i love filing by number rather than alphabetic. just makes so much sense.”
bonnie gardner, big vision
oct 21, 2010
 

“been using pt for several years, have organized almost everything...i.e., paper, christmas decorations in rubbermaids, cds, books, extra storaged items, boxes when i moved to a new home, it's a fantastic program!”
val lane
oct 28, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it's really helped me organize my office, therefore giving me more time to concentrate on sales. thank you paper tiger!!”
char, internetsurplus
aug 22, 2011
 

“if you are like me and procrastinate about filing paperwork away, check out paper tiger. this filing system will manage the paper and let you run your business.”
delano jennings, quality spray
nov 26, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it benefits both my life and my business!”
ethan sweeps, sweeps int'l
dec 30, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger software, because it makes my life easy and leaves me a lot of free time!”
asya
oct 28, 2010
 

“love paper tiger! i never lose paperwork anymore and when the boss comes looking for something, i can open up paper tiger and bam....there is it.”
dina l peterson, income property specialists
dec 29, 2010
 

“paper tiger helps keep my desk cleared off and i can find what i need when i need it fast by looking it up on paper tiger. this is a great filing system.”
joy widmer, summit superior floor care llc
mar 09, 2011
 

“innovative, clear, time saving, cost effective. what more could you ask for in a tiger.”
george, raphael consulting group
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because i really can find every kind of document in only some seconds.
i am usually very organized on my own, but paper tiger helps me to mantain this level of order every day.”
eva, gap livorno
mar 01, 2011
 

“very easy, convenient!! excellent source for filing your taxes!!! a++++++”
mary rodowicz
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it has allowed me to gain control of my paperwork and get a life back.”
richards, richards construction
feb 08, 2011
 

“i love the freedom to be creative without worrying about filing until later - and then having paper tiger make it so easy to take that step.”
andrew bein, active inquiry
jan 18, 2011
 

“paper tiger filing system is wonderful to use! it makes finding and returning documents painless.”
beverly hamile, contra costa small business development center
dec 29, 2010
 

“i purchased the paper tiger program about 10 years ago.  i used it extensively.  it really is an outstanding program.”
mark calloway
jan 31, 2011
 

“i love the paper tiger because i can search for things by category if i am having difficulty remembering the name of the file!”
steffanie chew, carver elementary academy
oct 27, 2010
 

“paper tiger has allowed me to see what my desk looks like now without the stacks of paper everythere!”
delano jennings, quality spray
nov 26, 2010
 

“i have been using "paper tiger" for 10 years - i love it!”
larry davis, security plus
dec 29, 2010
 

“i'm a paper tiger customer and love this program. i use it for everything!! anyway, i've been organizing books, craft items, household cupboards, etc. it's amazing!!!”
chery togashi, home office
sep 18, 2012
 

“the paper tiger is amazing!! i love paper tiger because it makes filing so much easier.”
wade triplett
nov 23, 2010
 

“this is the best system for confidentiality of my work and employee documents, especially for anyone who works in the human resources and finance area!”
pam berry, cji
nov 16, 2010
 

“i love paper tiger because it solves my paper filing problems!”
sandra
dec 29, 2010
 

“i like this product because it gets rid of these towering paper files. thank you!”
rebecca lassiter
dec 09, 2010
 

“paper tiger really does save time.  it also enables me to feel comfortable with the idea that i can find what i need, when i need it, to meet my clients' needs!”
morris kaufman, financial design partners
dec 29, 2010
 

“i love the paper tiger! it's so great! it's the perfect solution if you want to be organized all the time. you are able to find things at the click of a button.”
kimberly beetlestone, ims
nov 16, 2010
 

“paper tiger has streamlined our office unbelievably! thank you!”
diane wilson, capital area mpo
nov 16, 2010
 

“everyone has heard the line "if a cluttered desk means a cluttered mind then what does an empty desk mean?" i think it means that you started using the paper tiger.”
mabyn shingleton, louisiana wholesale
may 20, 2011
   
 


latest news

aug 9an organized office leads to good time management
jul 21organizing for back to school
apr 617 ways to get organized with paper tiger
mar 7organizing recipes with paper tiger
read more on the blog!

 
 

see how it works!
 
 









learn more...

index physical paper files
there are only 5 options with paper
experienced & dependable
easy to setup & learn
store digital files - pdfs
find both with one search
search, share and organize online
stores digital files in google docs
least expensive online storage!
supports mobile devices

 

the company

terms of service
privacy policy
faqs

paper tiger experts
affiliates program
contact us

 


connect with us!











 
 
 
















