



electrochemical instruments-galvanostat/potentiostat manufacturer gamry instruments













































english


english


chinese





contact us


about us


the gamry difference


life and times


our team


leader in eis



support


technical support


software updates


manuals


courses and training


contact support


framework help


software


legacy devices


system assurance


faq's



resources


application notes


live presentations


shows-conferences-courses


video library


a potentiostat buying guide


calculators


white papers


literature database


electrochemical techniques



contact us


sales


international sales


speak to an electrochemist



shop accessories
instrument registration




search our site














potentiostats


browse all potentiostats


gamry pal


interface

interface 1010e
interface 1010b
interface 1010t
interface 5000e
interface 5000p



reference

reference 620
reference 3000
reference 3000 with auxiliary electrometer
reference 30k booster
reference 3000 & 30k booster



kolibrik potentiostats

ptc-0520e
ptc-0550e
ptc-1050ew
ptc-05100ew
ptc-1020e
megaeis



multichannel potentiostat


bipotentiostat


accessories

lpi1010
eis box





electrochemical multiplexer


quartz crystal microbalance


eqcm 15m


qcm-i


qcm-i mini


eqcm-i mini




software/cells/accs.


rxe 10k


electrochemical cells

1l rotating cylinder electrode cell
dr. bob's cell
eurocell 
flexcell
multiport corrosion cell kit
paracell standard
paracell glass body
paracell peek ends
ptc1
bulk electrolysis cell kit
portholes



battery testing

lithium battery materials cell
18650 / coin cell battery holders
universal battery holder
pouch cell holder



echem h-cells

h-cells
ptfe h-cell kit
ptfe photo-echem h-cell
photo ec h-cell kit



electrodes

working electrodes
reference electrodes
screen printed electrodes
screen printed electrode stands



instrument accessories

tdc5 temperature controller
faraday cage optical shield
faraday shield
faraday shield with conductive-glass window



gamry cables


spectro & photo electrochemistry

raman glass cell kit
raman cuvette cell kit
dye solar cell testing
uv-vis cuvette cell kit



dye solar cell testing


digielch software


toolkitpy


echem teaching kit




applications


cv - cyclic voltammetry technique


electrocatalysis


electrolysis 


electrosynthesis - electrochemical synthesis


electrochemical corrosion


battery testing


biological electrochemistry


photovoltaics


fuel cells


supercapacitors   


paints and coatings   


sensors   


our partners


















electrosynthesis
electrosynthesis is a process that involves the use of a potentiostat or galvanostat to drive current through an electrochemical cell to force a chemical reaction to produce a desired product. this technique can be used to synthesize a wide range of materials and  can take place on a bench scale or on an industrial scale.
learn more








sensors
most sensors are amperometric or impedimetric. gamry makes it easy for researchers to generate and analyze data from either of these sensors.
learn more








cyclic voltammetry
cyclic voltammetry (cv) is an electrochemical technique widely used in various fields, including electrochemistry, sustainable engineering, corrosion, and energy.
learn more








supercapacitors
testing for supercapacitors is very similar to testing of batteries, just on a faster time scale. we have a number of recommended setups for the supercapacitor researcher. 
learn more








electrocatalysis
electrocatalysis is a process to enhance catalytic reaction by formation of bonds between a catalyst and an electrode or optimizing reaction pathways of the target reaction.
learn more








fuel cells
gamry provides several systems for fuel cell development and testing. we also include tools designed to improve data analysis and workup.
learn more








electrolysis
the electrolysis process involves the use of a galvanostat to push electrical current through an electrochemical cell to drive a non-spontaneous chemical reaction. the electrochemical cell contains an electrolyte with ions and molecules which can undergo a chemical reaction. this chemical reaction produces a product of interest.
learn more








photovoltaics
photovoltaic researchers looking for complete solution will find gamry’s imps/imvs quite capable of helping the researcher find the answers they need.
learn more








biological electrochemistry
gamry provides a suite of flexible electrochemical tools to generate new potential  waveforms needed for cutting edge biological applications. from electrical stimulation of whole cells and tissue to bioelectrochemistry. gamry enables next gen researchers to make accurate electrochemical measurements.
learn more








coatings
our paints and coatings customers have told us that ease of use and reduced acquisition time are the most important features for their research.
learn more








battery testing
gamry potentiostats are well suited for battery testing of materials to coin cells, and all the way to large format cells. we even have a system for stack testing. all of our potentiostats are electrically isolated from earth-ground.
learn more








corrosion
gamry has been at the forefront of electrochemical corrosion testing since our inception since 1989. our customers have told us that ease of use and reduced acquisition time are the most important features for their research.
learn more














rapid, high-current pulsing  superior, low-impedance eis
reference 30k booster








    high accuracy eis
learn more






gamry is global
gamry has permanent offices in europe and china that assist in ourglobal operations. we work with our distributor networkto help support our users abroad.
view our internatioal page






eqcm 15 m
the eqcm 15m adds a valuable tool in the analytical toolbox of anyone investigating interfacial processes that produce mass changes. corrosion, ion intercalation, ion adsorption, polymer growth, and sensor binding events are all interfacial processes.
get the specs






open-source scripting for easy customization, supporting unique experiments and set-ups.
gamry instruments has long given you the ability to modify your standard experiments as needed, or even develop your own experiments. all of our experimental scripts are written using an open-source scripting language, developed by gamry, called explain™.
learn more






gamry's unique advantages
given all the advantages listed for gamry instruments potentiostats, why would you choose another instrument for your electrochemical work?
see the advantages









higher accuracy as demonstrated by accuracy contour plots.
the accuracy contour plot gives you valuable information about a potentiostat’s eis performance and accuracy. it allows you to compare the electrochemical impedance spectroscopy capability of any potentiostat.
learn more





resources



application notes







product support







upcoming events

















compact, portable potentiostat
the gamry pal is the size of a typical usb flash drive and pairs with small screen printed electrodes to make a complete electrochemical test station that can fit in your pocket.software is included!analyze voltammograms or export directly into gamry’s echem analyst 2.
get the specifications





sign in






market applications



electrosynthesis


electrochemical synthesis is a process that involves the use of a potentiostat or galvanostat to drive current through an electrochemical cell to force a chemical reaction to produce a desired product. 






cyclic voltammetry


cyclic voltammetry (cv) is an electrochemical technique widely used in various fields, including electrochemistry, sustainable engineering, corrosion, and energy.






biological electrochemistry


gamry provides a suite of flexible electrochemical tools to generate new potential waveforms needed for cutting edge biological applications. from electrical stimulation of whole cells and tissue to bioelectrochemistry, gamry enables next gen researchers to make accurate electrochemical measurements.






battery testing


gamry’s potentiostats are well suited for battery testing of materials to coin cells and all the way to large format cells.  we even have a system for stack testing.  all of our potentisotats are electrically isolated from earth-ground.






electrolysis


electrolysis is a process that involves the use of a galvanostat to push electrical current through an electrochemical cell to drive a non-spontaneous chemical reaction






corrosion


gamry has been at the forefront of electrochemical corrosion testing since our inception in 1989.  our customers have told us that ease of use and reduced acquisition time are the most important features for their research.






electrocatalysis


in an electrocatalytic process, the catalyst itself remains unchanged at the end of the reaction, allowing it to participate repeatedly in the reaction cycle. 






photovoltaics


photovoltaic researchers looking for a complete solution will find gamry's imps/imvs quite capable of helping the researcher find the answers they need.






fuel cells


gamry provides several systems for fuel cell development and testing.  we also include tools designed to improve data analysis and workup.  






supercapacitors


testing for supercapacitors is very similar to testing of batteries, just on a faster time scale.  we have a number of recommended setups for the supercapacitor researcher.






paint & coatings


our paints and coatings customers have told us that ease of use and reduced acquisition time are the most important features for their research.






sensors


most sensors are amperometric or impedimetric.  gamry makes it easy for researchers to generate and analyze data from either of these sensors. 










like us on facebook
follow us on 𝕏
connect with us on linkedin
follow us on instagram
check our our youtube channel
find us on itunes
view our google my business page



home office
					734 louis drive
					warminster, pa 18974
					p: 215-682-9330




about gamry

life & times
our team
privacy policy



applications

battery testing
electrochemical synthesis
corrosion



application notes

impedance spectroscopy
battery research
corrosion/coatings



latest news

general news
shows & conferences
careers



contact us

sales
tech support
find a distributor



online store

create account
login
accessory quote




copyright © 2025 gamry.com
					
						website design by iqnection digital marketing
					
				






contact us












find location











this site uses cookies. you can read how we use them in our privacy policy.
close








