








outboard jets - quality conversion units for outboard motors










































































outboard jets
american made quality conversion kits for outboard motors


menu
skip to content
dealers
boat selection
jet drives / pricing
faqs

section a: before you buy
section b: installation
section c: maintenance & ownership


product catalog

small series
medium series
large series
intake fins
grease and grease guns
impeller keys
transom bracket
parts kits
model identification and serial numbers


instructions

brochure
owner’s manual
service manual
jet kit instructions
miscellaneous instructions
impeller shimming
impeller sharpening
bellcrank reverse gate adjustment
special instructions
troubleshooting


 






outboard jets




 
attention boaters,  our website is currently under some renovations,  while our site may appear quite generic,  our primary goal is to maintain functionality during this transition.  please email us at info@outboardjets.com if you find yourself unable to access any documents from this website.  thanks


welcome to outboard jets
for over 50 years, outboard jets has provided quality conversion units for outboard motors designed to allow a boat to be used in locations where a propeller driven boat is unable to operate – in shallow, ankle deep water.
see our product catalog


      
 
how does it work?
like newton’s third law says, “for every force, there is an equal and opposite force of reaction.” water is drawn into the unit through an intake grill by an impeller driven directly by the engine driveshaft. this water is then forced at high pressure and volume through a nozzle directed astern of the boat. the velocity imparted to this mass of water creates an opposite force, and drives the boat forward.
experience the excitement and satisfaction of going boating with an outboard jet, where propeller driven craft cannot go! read our faq section to learn more. 







 





				proudly powered by wordpress			










