



attorney david l. rubin








































































alcohol licensing
business litigation
cannabis business
criminal defense
divorce & family law
personal injury
 




















 





legal experience you can trust 

serving clients throughout boston metrowest and massachusetts for over 35 years 

get a case evaluation 


 










dedication to clients...with rich traditions of the legal profession and our community, we are dedicated to professional service and vigorous advocacy of client interests. we strive to balance client interests with important individual and community values.
achieve success...our goal is to provide a level of performance and satisfaction that demonstrates the best legal services available. we are very proud of our accomplishments, and invite you to learn more about who we are, who we represent, and the range of services we provide.
serving greater boston...alcohol licensing, cannabis business, divorce & family law, and personal injury representation for boston metrowest, ashland, framingham, hudson, marlborough, natick, needham, newton, sudbury, waltham, wayland, wellesley, weston, and worcester.


committed to excellenceat the law office of david l. rubin our mission is to provide quality legal support and counsel to our clients. we have a reputation for thoroughness and preparedness that is widely recognized and respected in the legal community. we work together, with the client, to achieve the most successful client outcome. our attorneys are…

read more

representationalways includes...

giving our clients the attention they deserve.
explaining all options to help you make an informed decision.
giving you as much time as you need to speak with us.
keeping you informed about the status of your case.
maintaining client confidence.
looking out for our clients' immediate needs and long term interests.
prompt return of phone calls.
contact us now
get your free case evaluation today!

 









 
 



we emphasize communication with our clients, persistent advocacy, and attention to all aspects of their case.personal injury settlementscar accident injury – $100,000.00 settlement july 15, 2010 0a 47 year old man who was stopped and waiting at a red light when he was struck in the rear by a van, driving at a high rate of speed, whose driver never stopped. multiple injuries to back, neck and torn labrum and rotator cuff of right shoulder with 23 percent permanent impairment, according to the treating orthopedic surgeon. successful negotiation of workers’ compensation lien.car accident – $245,000.00 settlement january 15, 2010 0a 33 year old man who was struck in the rear by an suv, driving at a high rate of speed, causing a second impact with another automobile, coming from the opposite direction, crashing into the victim’s car from the front. multiple injuries to the victim, including fractures to the lumbar spine. extensive inpatient hospitalization required and months of physical therapy and loss of earnings followed. 20 percent combined loss of function to back and ankle. there were lost wages and lost earning capacity. successful negotiation and resolution of workers’ compensation lien.slip & fall – $100,000.00 settlement december 1, 2009a 65 year old woman slipped and fell on snow and ice in parking lot. liability based on violations of sanitary code, requiring the land owner to provide proper lighting and maintain safe egress, free of snow and ice. victim suffered a displaced trimalleolar left ankle fracture, requiring open reduction internal fixation. permanent loss of function and lost earning capacity. $100,000.00 settlement. successful resolution of workers’ compensation lien. attorney david rubin is a boston metrowest personal injury lawyer representing victims of personal injury claims throughout the greater boston region. with offices in framingham, attorney rubin provides legal representation for local individuals and families in the boston metrowest area including ashland, boston, dedham, dover, framingham, marlborough, natick, needham, newton, sherborn, sudbury, waltham, wayland, weston, and wellesley.view more
legal articles & updatesacquisition of drizly by uber and online alcohol licensing march 23, 2021what does it mean to be “held in contempt” by the court? february 17, 2021if you’ve been injured, document every detail december 28, 2020understanding medical malpractice in massachusetts december 16, 2020when to modify your divorce agreement december 11, 2020view more

"i am a committed, experienced attorney who takes my responsibilities seriously, knowing that the results i achieve for my client will have lasting impact on their lives." ~  david l. rubin, esq.



legal questions & answerswhat does it mean to be “held in contempt” by the court? february 17, 2021who carries the burden of proof in a criminal case? january 5, 2021how much time do i have to file a personal injury case in massachusetts? october 2, 2020how is a negligent driver held responsible for his or her actions in massachusetts? april 13, 2020would we benefit from a prenup? november 1, 2018visitation with grandparents, aunts, uncles, can they be supervised? august 13, 2012
what clients have to say...who are you going to call....david rubin....why may you ask?
because david will get back to you right way, you will feel like you are his only client, you will feel like he knows who you are and what you need to accomplish your objectives, and you will feel like you are getting 100% of his efforts 100% of the time. david rubin should be your only call.adam m.i would like to extend my greatest gratitude to attorney rubin. i’ve had time to process what happened to me and i will never forget walking into attorney rubin's office and being treated so kindly.  no one has ever protected my interests in the manner he did. he was professional and had so much empathy as an attorney. that was the worst time of my entire life and attorney rubin made  a horrible experience bearable. i thank him for helping me and being strong when i couldn't protect myself. i hope our paths cross again yet i prefer in a restaurant other than a courthouse...lol. thank you david.susan c.david did superb job to fight against the whole machine of town of grafton to protect and provide the best defense to my small business . he is energetic intelligent & knows how to work in the legal system to get things done. he took my case as his own to defend my business.  i have only the best regards for david. as a matter of fact, i do not have the words to thank him enough. i just salute his professionalism . the best person and attorney i have ever known.chaudhry, grafton, macongrats david! on your 35 years of noble work in the field of law. you make a difference and wish you all success in everything you do!j. bharatdavid provided me with excellent legal services throughout my case. he was available for me when i needed and when he was occupied he returned my calls or e-mails as soon as possible. i see david has possessing all the attributes of a good attorney such as experience, integrity, and implementing great strategic planning.susan f. – marlborough, ma“you are my hero!  how can i ever thank you for going out of your way to help me and this case!”l.w., framingham, massachusetts<br />auto accident injury clientdavid pursued a complaint for contempt and a complaint for modification of the original divorce agreement and judgment on my behalf to change its terms twelve years after entry of the original decree in the probate court.  this was a difficult task.  david walked me through the ups and downs of the often emotional and exhausting case with caring and competent legal representation.  i highly recommend him.debra, framingham, masssachusetts.
how may we help you?
get your free case evaluation today!

 









 
 



















boston: 617-451-0707metrowest: 508-875-9797



929 worcester roadframingham, ma 01701






    © 2021 by david l. rubin all rights reserved. ● advertising disclaimer ● marketing by bardorf legal marketing						






welcome
attorney
clients reviews
injury settlements
blog & articles
contact us





email us














get a case evaluation
 



we are happy to provide a consultation to all first time clients.please complete the form below and we will contact you.











name 

email 

phone number 

message 

 





send

























































