


campaign brief blog
























the new look campaign brief blog is now located at www.campaignbrief.com
the cb blog is sponsored by



emerald city
sound reservoir
absolutely wild visuals
campaign brief directory
tiger sound
film construction
best ads on tv
postmodern
filmgraphics
get your own youtube badge

    
	campaign brief blog
	
  
a blog for advertising creatives in australia, new zealand and asia. to pass on news or advertise on the blog, or to subscribe to campaign brief australia/nz or cb asia, or the work 06 annual, email: michael@campaignbrief.com

pleural mesothelioma

visitors since december 5, 2006








the campaign brief tvc production co. directory - click here


the 2006 'battle of the blogs' runner-up: best international ad commentary outside the u.s.



enter your email address below to register free and receive news updates from the campaign brief blog


powered by feedblitz
what time is it around the world?

the world clock














previous posts

we have moved: campaign brief blog now at www.camp...
omnilab media, kmm create new digital film company
mclennan lures granger from saatchi & saatchi new ...
premutico and jacobs form johannes leonardo, new y...
australian ad industry to back leo's earth hour in 08
nov 30 award night tickets almost sold out: book now
more gold for napcan
sampson and tomkins depart clems, happy to be sold...
cra and afa to run free creative radio workshop
toogood wins gold, silver and bronze at acs awards

archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
the campaign brief tvc production co. directory - click here

essential links

nz creative circle blog
award
d&ad
cannes lions
clio
the one show
andy awards
youngguns international awards
miami ad school
nz axis awards
madc awards
best ads on tv
siren awards
adland
saatchi new directors showcase
luerzer's archive
adforum
adcritic
adbusters
fbi recruitment
brand republic
shots
advertising age
adweek
duncan's tv ad land
the inspiration room








saturday, november 17, 2007



	 
	 we have moved: campaign brief blog now at www.campaignbrief.com
	 
    


the new look campaign brief blog, created by lowe rivet, sydney, is now located at www.campaignbrief.comsays head of interactive at lowe rivet, mark ashley-wilson: "it's been great fun rebuilding this site. reading all the comments in a single session wasn't such a great idea, but it was pretty insightful on the people in our business. the new site now clearly represents the campaign brief brand and the added functionality make it a much easier tool to use for all visitors. we are really happy with the result."the team who made it all happen are:mark ashley-wilson - head of interactive au & nzdave johnson - executive creative directorrichard de nys - executive producermasami iida - programmerhan lee - designer



posted by cb @ 12:52 am 

      
         3 comments






friday, november 16, 2007



	 
	 omnilab media, kmm create new digital film company
	 
    


omnilabmedia, australia/nz’s largest, privately owned, vertically integrated content development and media service business and kennedy miller mitchell (kmm), the company behind the award winning happy feet, babe and mad max movies - today announced their partnership in a significant new digital media company.says george miller (above right): “the brave new age of digital film-making is little more than a decade old. it offers extraordinary possibilities for storytellers like us who strive to break new ground with each of our movies. kmm had been looking for a partner to start a new australian owned and based digital film company for quite a while. i had found it heartbreaking to watch the home-grown talent pool that emerged in australian cinema go overseas because there was no continuity of high-end work in this country.kmm’s partnership with omnilab media and the mapp family is our attempt to stop history repeating itself and reverse this australian ‘brain drain’. we have the perfect union of omnilab media’s management, resources and infrastructure with kmm’s creative film making expertise. omnilab media have built a very successful business in an uncertain climate and this, together with kmm’s aspiration to achieve the highest level of storytelling, is a great match. we really see this as a strong marriage with a view to making many beautiful children over a long period of time!”omnilab media managing director christopher mapp (above left) said, “when we first entered into discussions with kmm at the beginning of the year, we were all inspired at the thought of creating a hub of film making excellence here in australia. with a consistent stream of exceptional creative projects coming into this new company, we have made firm investments and commitments to grow and expand the team. i’m pleased to say we have already attracted back some of the best australian creative talent from around the world.”the new company will be based at omnilab’s facility in yurong street, east sydney. commenting on its future potential, kmm’s doug mitchell said, “right from the beginning we made the decision to join forces with the mapp family and personally invest in this new company to help build and grow the australian digital film making industry. we have been inspired by the new zealanders who are leading the way with their comprehensive film making on such works as lord of the rings and king kong, and who are now attracting the world’s top filmmakers.”the new company’s future strategy has been agreed by omnilab media, the mapp family and kmm with christopher mapp adding, ““we are continuing to invest in the industry for the long term and this new venture with kmm is a true extension of our passion and drive to grow digital film making in australia.”with the new company in place and a growing team of top talent, george miller concluded, “we now have a very real opportunity to build on past successes with a continuous flow of ambitious projects and together, contribute to the future of digital cinema.”



posted by cb @ 2:14 pm 

      
         2 comments






thursday, november 15, 2007



	 
	 mclennan lures granger from saatchi & saatchi new york to worldwide cd of y&r
	 
    


y&r announced today that tony granger will join the agency as worldwide creative director.“tony granger has earned his reputation as an industry great — he’s an enormous talent and a passionate leader,” said australian hamish mclennan, y&r global ceo.  “i am delighted that he will be my creative partner, and i know this announcement will be universally embraced by our clients and our staff as a key step forward,” he added. granger comes to y&r from saatchi & saatchi new york, where he has spent the past two years as its chief creative officer and led saatchi to its ranking as the most awarded agency in the world at last year’s cannes advertising festival. he also served as executive creative director of its london agency. prior to that, granger was at bozell in new york and at grey and tbwa\hunt\lascaris in his native south africa.“putting in a dynamic creative leader tops off everything we have been working towards,” stated mclennan. “we have been reinventing our agency model, aggressively extending our digital capabilities, updating our offering with branded content, design as well as other practices like shopper marketing. we need creative excellence on all fronts, and tony is the ideal person to get us there,” he said.granger is the most recent addition to the senior management team at y&r that mclennan continues to build. earlier this year, mclennan hired mitch caplan as chief marketing officer of north america and tarik sedky as chief digital officer, and made strategic appointments in the global network, including a new head of china and a regional president for the entire asia region. early last month, jan jacobs and leo premutico also left saatchi and are now starting their own shop, johannes leonardo - see following story - backed by wpp (cb hears mclennan also played a lead role in that deal).



posted by cb @ 7:15 am 

      
         4 comments









	 
	 premutico and jacobs form johannes leonardo, new york, backed by wpp
	 
    


world exclusive: former saatchi & saatchi executive creative directors jan jacobs and leo premutico, who helped take the agency from creative obscurity to cannes and clio ‘agency of the year’ in just over two years, have launched their own shop johannes leonardo with the backing of wpp. jacobs, 37, and aussie expat premutico, 29, were recently recognized as the world’s fourth most-awarded creative directors by creativity magazine. between them, the duo has won over 30 “lions” at the international advertising festival in cannes, and many other industry accolades. since arriving at saatchi & saatchi in may 2005, the agency has experienced something of a renaissance with significant new-business success, including jc penney and wendy’s international accounts. in addition to their new-business contributions, jacobs and premutico were the major force behind the creative turn-around. their ‘stains don’t stand a chance’ work for tide this year resulted in procter & gamble winning its first cannes “grand prix” in many years. their “red wig” campaign for wendy’s has given that brand a strong voice in the fickle youth market, something that the company has struggled to regain since the passing of its founder and advertising icon dave thomas in 2002. jacobs and premutico developed the “talking stain” campaign for tide detergent, establishing a unique point of difference for the tide to go brand. their work lead the saatchi & saatchi new york office to become the second most-awarded agency in the world (creativity’s august 2007). premutico and jacobs have worked as a team since meeting in the london office of saatchi & saatchi in 2005. shortly after that, they collaborated on the moving “ventriloquist” commercial for the uk’s national society for the prevention of cruelty to children, which in that year was the world’s seventh most-awarded commercial (campaign magazine ’05). together and separately, jacobs and premutico have worked in agencies in australia, new zealand, south africa, the united kingdom, continental europe and the united states. they have also influenced other brands such as bmw, land rover, the new york times, bank of america, avis and olay. their work has won effectiveness awards on four continents. johannes leonardo will be based in new york.



posted by cb @ 7:05 am 

      
         13 comments









	 
	 australian ad industry to back leo's earth hour in 08
	 
    


leo burnett sydney’s earth hour initiative for wwf, which won one of four titanium awards handed out at cannes last year, has been opened up to australia’s entire advertising, media and marketing community. as well as the feel-good factor that comes with helping to save the planet, there are four trips to next year’s international advertising festival at cannes to be won. campaign brief will give away two trips to the creative team who demonstrate the most effective and/or inspirational way to leverage earth hour 2008 with judging by an international panel of top creatives led by leo burnett’s global creative director mark tutssel. fairfax’s the sydney morning herald will award a trip each to the client and agency person behind the best work with the jury to be chaired by noel purcell, group general manager, westpac.rolled out in sydney for the first time this year, earth hour 2007 had 2.2 million sydneysiders turn off their lights for an hour as a stand against global warming, cutting the city’s energy consumption by 10.2%, the equivalent of taking 48,000 cars off the road for one hour. over 2,200 sydney based companies took part, including mcdonald’s, which switched off its golden arches; coke, which screened al gore’s an inconvenient truth; energy australia, which co-sponsored advertisements on metrolites; and guinness, which gave out free beers at bars. this year wwf is hoping for universal support from corporate australia for the event which will take place on march 29 at 8pm. top agencies including saatchi & saatchi, george patterson y&r, clemenger bbdo, jwt, ddb, so&m, bmf, host, the glue society, publicis mojo, bwm, m&c saatchi, whybin\tbwa, bwm, lowe hunt, euro rscg, mccann-erickson, the campaign palace, the furnace, naked, che, grey, badjar ogilvy, cummins nitro, samuelson talbot, smart, marmalde, spinach and draft fcb - essentially the entire sydney and melbourne ad industry - have pledged support and will work with their clients to create earth hour themed campaigns and events. the success of last year’s event has galvanised interest from other cities and so far 20 cities have signed up to take part in 2008 including most of the australian capital cities, tel aviv, auckland, copenhagen and 12 us cities.says leo burnett national creative director, mark collis: “earth hour was a unique moment in time which we hope to make a permanent date on the world calendar. opening the brief up to all agencies in this way is equally unique and exciting.”tim castree, ceo of leo burnett sydney, says the agency has always considered earth hour the linux of social marketing: “we are trying to create this global open source community that comes together around a common view which is about trying to make a difference in the fight against global warming. what more powerful way to make that take hold than get the full creative force of the whole advertising and marketing industry behind earth hour? if we could achieve what we achieved last year with the small team and small resources we had available, then imagine how much more we could achieve if we had the entire industry behind this initiative,” he says.when castree approached the ceos of the top 25 agencies in australia to get involved, they all said yes without hesitation: “i think they see the opportunity to do fantastic creative work, we have this vision that many creative agencies will win awards next year for work they do on earth hour. it’s a competitive industry but at the end of the day there is a lot of camaraderie and mutual respect,” says castree.jay benjamin, joint-ecd of jwt sydney [with andy dilallo], endorsed the call-to-action, saying this is why he got into advertising. “this is a really special and rare opportunity. i was an environmental science major early in my university days but never felt i could make a difference (or much money) without the ability to speak to millions of people. so i moved over to mass communication hoping that one day something like this would pop up. now it has,” he says.us born dilallo added that last year at cannes his fellow countryman al gore put out a challenge to the industry to help lead the charge on creating awareness of global climate change and with earth hour 2008 leo burnett has found a way to answer this challenge: “this is a great way to all come together in a truly selfless act, something far too rare in our business,” he says.“it’s great that something as simple as turning our lights off can light up the creative community,” says warren brown, ecd of bmf. “getting us all involved in making all australians aware and conscious of our lifestyles and how they impact on the planet is a truly worthwhile cause.”similarly, garry horner, creative director of whybin\tbwa sydney, says it’s important for every agency to become involved. one of its clients is the smh, but horner says other clients they have approached are also keen: “here is an amazingly exciting conceptual area to be working in because you can break all the boundaries. it’s creating a huge social movement and being able to touch people in that way is fantastic,” says horner.  castree doesn’t think the fact that earth hour won titanium last year at cannes will deter the judges from awarding it again: “just like nike can win awards every year for the work it does around the world i don’t see why earth hour can’t win creative awards every year. it’s no different to any other brand in that sense,” he says. ads should run between february 1, 2008 and march 29, 2008 and reflect earth hour’s ultimate goal of getting people to reduce their carbon emissions by five percent a year. they can support the earth hour event, combat global warming in general, or be more specific, such as provide tips to reduce people’s environmental footprint on the planet. the brief and guidelines are being emailed to 360 industry leaders for distribution to their agencies. all the members of the aana and mfa will also receive the brief.agencies can download the ‘earth hour advertising partnership kit’ via this ftp site:ftp://203.28.166.111 login: earthhouradvertising password: partnership pictured: the ceos and cds of some of australia’s top agencies gathered this week for the earth hour 2008 briefing at leo burnett’s sydney and melbourne offices.



posted by cb @ 5:12 am 

      
         8 comments






wednesday, november 14, 2007



	 
	 nov 30 award night tickets almost sold out: book now
	 
    


the rsvp deadline for the award awards presentation being held on the 30th november 2007, is this friday the 16th of november. booking forms can be downloaded from the award website www.awardonline.com. guests are asked to fax back their booking forms to award on +61 2 8297 3801.tickets selling fast so book now!



posted by cb @ 9:42 pm 

      
         0 comments









	 
	 more gold for napcan
	 
    


ddb sydney has won gold in the public service category at the london international awards for napcan children see, children do tvc, a multiple award winner which is the #17 most awarded tv commercial in the world in 2007, according to the recently published gunn report.leo burnett sydney walked off with three silvers for craft, one for the mcdonalds “see things” spot and two for the johnnie walker “invisible man” commercial.the furnace, sydney also won silver for the slazenger' mushroom cloud' print ad.filmgraphics won silver (for visual direction) for national breast cancer council “finding changes” and plaza films won silver (for humour) for the carlton draught “flashbeer” spot via george patterson y&r, melbourne.ddb national creative director matt eastwood says: “the campaign is incredibly powerful and, importantly, feels like it can make a real difference to the significant social problems it addresses. it’s most certainly a campaign we can be proud of. we’re absolutely stoked that it’s won so many awards and to add the london international award is just incredible.”dove "evolution", written, art directed and directed by aussie expat tim piper, via ogilvy & mather toronto, won both the digital best of show and tv best of show, repeating its performance at cannes in june.



posted by cb @ 8:38 pm 

      
         3 comments









	 
	 sampson and tomkins depart clems, happy to be soldiers
	 
    


dave tomkins and ben sampson have joined creative collective happy soldiers after just over 18 months with clemenger bbdo sydney.they finished in the top three at the clio future gold competition in miami earlier this year and also scored a trip to cannes after winning a creative competition last year.“their work is very different and i think an environment like ours will be good for them,” said happy soldiers founder john kane. “on top of that, they already have excellent craft skills.” they have had work recognised by clio, new york festivals and caxtons.



posted by cb @ 8:29 pm 

      
         7 comments









	 
	 cra and afa to run free creative radio workshop
	 
    


commercial radio australia and the afa are conducting a free radio creative workshop on november 29 in sydney.this is an exclusive opportunity to be part of an intimate, interactive fast paced creative workshop targeted to radio station creative writers and producers/directors in sydney.hot on the heels of his recent cannes lions jury stint, ralph van dijk will run the workshop and share many of his views on where creative is going and how you can make a difference today. this hands on workshop challenges the traditional way of approaching a radio brief. free creative workshopsouthern crosslevel 1, 170 pacific highway, greenwichthursday 29th november9am - 6pmworking lunch provided rsvp now to sarah.powell@commercialradio.com.au



posted by cb @ 4:15 pm 

      
         0 comments






tuesday, november 13, 2007



	 
	 toogood wins gold, silver and bronze at acs awards
	 
    


director damien toogood’s work as a cinematographer was awarded at the australian cinematographers society recent awards.‘the gold award put damien in the company of some of australia’s heavyweight international cinematographers. only three other dop’s were given this honour, so it’s a real standout achievement’, andrew morris ep, luscious international, said. toogood, who began lensing his own work only three years ago, received a gold, silver & bronze in the commercials category.  gold for nescafe ‘café couple’ through publicis mojo, silver for beuno ‘what’s your reason’ through smart, and bronze for cpa ‘go places’ through che. cpa was also recognised at the recent australian director guild awards.



posted by cb @ 12:26 pm 

      
         4 comments









	 
	 wisemonkey business
	 
    


the music soundtrack in the latest cascade premium ads, featuring the adventures of characters with animal heads, has been composed, appropriately, by wisemonkeyrecords.wisemonkeyrecords is a boutique music production and licensing company setup by ex-campaign palace copywriters in 2001."ad music can become generic," says composer, adam friedman. "but we work to create a unique sound for brands, and our agency background gives us more insight.  for cascade premium, we used a more filmscore-like approach which helps support the story."other wisemonkey tracks currently on air include international campaigns for axa, the new bmw m series, and music for big brother 07 among others.a series of in-house virals illustrating the value of choosing the right music has also received over half a million views on youtube (http://au.youtube.com/profile?user=wisemonkey).to see more of their reel, go to www.wisemonkeyrecords.com



posted by cb @ 12:30 am 

      
         2 comments






monday, november 12, 2007



	 
	 steve ayson still sweet
	 
    


world class tvc director steve ayson is still with the sweet shop, in case his latest representation deals suggest otherwise. "even though we now share steve ayson with academy in the uk and smuggler in the us, steve is still with the sweet shop in australasia and still hungry to work with the best creatives in the region," says the sweet shop's managing director paul prince.please contact paul prince for his latest reel - prince@thesweetshop.tv



posted by cb @ 11:59 pm 

      
         2 comments









	 
	 agencies funnel work to nunn and loveder in kirribilli
	 
    


in the year and a half since selling fnl sydney, dave loveder and graham nunn have done a lot of surfing and you would think regular trips to byron bay and bali would be enough to take their minds off advertising. “the funny thing is,” says loveder, “we’re enjoying it more than we have for years. we just do creative, everything’s project based and all the people we work for are appreciative." “we’ve just finished off a couple of really big agency jobs,” adds nunn, “and we found the whole freelance thing more rewarding than we expected, so we’re up for more. in fact, we just put a web site together so that agencies can see what we offer. what we’ve discovered is that we can’t surf all the time and we still love solving a really tough brief”. to see what the boys have been up to lately, go to www.funnelproductions.com.au5b/ 1 bradly avenuekirribilli nsw 2061tel: 02 9922 6472fax: 02 9922 6473mob: 0402 148 022



posted by cb @ 4:46 pm 

      
         1 comments






friday, november 09, 2007



	 
	 guinness 'tipping point' sets off a chain reaction
	 
    


a chain reaction from guinness! the latest in the series of 'good things come to those who wait' ads, 'tipping point', via amv bbdo london, was directed by nicolai fuglsig of sony bravia 'balls' fame. 'tipping point', part of a £10million marketing campaign, is the most complex and expensive to produce guinness advertisement ever. a celebration of community, the ad sees hundreds of villagers come together to create the ultimate domino effect, featuring 6,000 iconic black and white dominoes, alongside thousands of unexpected toppling objects.see the guinness spot on bestads



posted by cb @ 10:57 am 

      
         44 comments









	 
	 back to judge ny festivals
	 
    


steve back, the incoming ecd of saatchi & saatchi, is just one of the high profile judges new york festivals has secured for the 2008 international advertising competition. other judges both in australia and new zealand are soon to be announced. the call for entries for the competition is now open. this year the organizers have simplified the submission process and reorganized our competition into nine easily navigable categories: tv/cinema, print, design, outdoor, mixed media, radio, collateral and two new categories: student, and art and craft. the new art and craft category includes photography, illustration, copy-writing, art direction as well as significantly more areas in production execution in radio and tv and cinema. in addition several new categories including gay/lesbian advertising, olympic theme/sponsorship and political advertisements have also been added. the discount deadline for entries is december 10, 2007 and final deadline is january 14 2008. visit www.newyorkfestivals.com to enter and use early entry discount # nyfa1235pc to receive a 10% discount for online submissions. new york festivals 2008 innovative advertising awards (formerly the interactive & new media awards) is also open for entries in all things innovative with categories ranging from guerrilla, viral, and ambient marketing, to advergame, pop-up and webisode advertising visit. final deadline for entry to these awards is november 26,2007. visit  www.newyorkfestivals.com/main.taf?p=2,2 for competition details and to enter.the 2007 new york festivals awards annual 15 is now available. the annual contains all design, outdoor and print advertising medal winners of the 2007 new york festivals competition , plus winners of the midas awards, global awards, and ame awards. it also lists all finalists in all competitions. it costs just $89 australian, plus p&p. for more information or to order your copy, email june laffey at nyfestivals@optusnet.com.au or call 0410 246 519. a dvd of television, cinema and radio winners will also soon be released.



posted by cb @ 8:23 am 

      
         1 comments






thursday, november 08, 2007



	 
	 catmur resigns from gpy&r, melbourne - likely to go fishing back in nz
	 
    


cb hears george patterson y&r, melbourne executive creative director paul catmur has resigned, after less than a year in the gig. catmur took the job in december last year, filling the vacuum left by the departure of james mcgrath (now ecd of clemenger bbdo, melbourne). cb understands he will be taking a break from the business (probably back in nz) to go fishing - he doesn't need to work - before considering his next advertising adventure. before gpy&r, catmur had a highly successful few years as ecd at ddb new zealand. cb suspects ben coulson, currently cd of gpy&r, melbourne will carry on in that role and, given the imminent loss of fosters, it is unlikely catmur will be replaced.calls to catmur went unanswered.



posted by cb @ 9:44 am 

      
         58 comments









	 
	 fosters to cut final ties with patts - vb headed to clems?
	 
    


cb hears that the vb account is finally set to leave george patterson y&r, melbourne - ending a legendary 40+ year relationship. source says the business will be put out to pitch, either between the roster agencies clemenger bbdo and badjar ogilvy or they may open it up. either way, clems would be the red hot favourite to get the business. the loss of the business is sure to lead to a few retrenchments at patts in the coming weeks.



posted by cb @ 8:07 am 

      
         56 comments









	 
	 the empire strikes back: saatchi's snares back to replace nobby, bowman to return from droga5 new york
	 
    


it's finally official: saatchi & saatchi australia has snared multi awarded ddb sydney creative director steve back to replace david nobay as executive creative director. at the same time saatchi's has managed to lure senior creative dave bowman from droga5, new york as creative group head to team with back.they are both former saatchi creatives, having worked together at saatchi & saatchi new zealand as creative group heads. both are highly awarded, with back ranked number 6 and bowman number 7 in australasia in the 2007 campaign brief creative rankings.originally a star at marketforce in perth, back (pictured right) first worked at george patterson sydney followed by a highly awarded stint at leo burnett sydney. back played a major role in leo's winning cb agency of the year in 2000. back then spent several years in london before being enticed to new zealand to join colenso bbdo. mike o'sullivan then lured back as head of art when he was appointed ecd of saatchi & saatchi nz. the agency went on the win cb nz agency of the year in 2006 and 2007.at ddb sydney, back has dramatically re energized the agency, moving them to equal number one australian agency in the work 07 with saatchi & saatchi australia. under back, ddb sydney was the only australian agency to get gongs at all four of the top international award shows (d&ad, the one show, clio and cannes) this year. currently ddb sydney is ranked number 10 in the world in the 2007 bestads creative rankings (www.bestadsontv.com).bowman (above left) made his rep at the glue society, sydney where he co created the virgin mobile "warren" campaign that won the cannes direct grand prix in 2004, as well as the virgin mobile "5 cents", which won australia's first titanium lion at cannes in 2005.  he then had a two year stint at saatchi nz where he continued to win awards at cannes, d&ad and award. more recently, amongst other droga5 projects, dave has recently completed work on the mammoth honeyshed project for droga5, new york (in association with publicis).  says saatchi australia ceo simone bartley (above centre): “several months ago we began an international search for an ecd who would fit with saatchi’s ideas-centric culture, whose creative approach was fresh and innovative and who had a global perspective. but it was also critical that our ecd was able to understand the australian culture, what makes us laugh, cry and engage with our brands. on every count there was no better candidate than steve and we are delighted that he will be leading our creative team through a very exciting period at saatchi & saatchi.“dave has spent the past 12 months gaining invaluable international experience in brand entertainment content with droga5 in new york and is returning to saatchi to help us expand our offering through our new division, saatchi substance," said ms bartley. “there is no question dave has led the way in this market having won australia’s first titanium. now he returns with even more experience to bring to saatchi clients.”the agency’s repositioning came earlier this year with the appointment of award-winning brian merrifield as group creative head of digital (ex saatchi auckland); and more recently, bram williams as the new head of strategy.“it’s important we lead the way in creating idea-centric campaigns that build a high return on involvement for our client’s brands,” said ms bartley. “it is now time for us to take another leap forward and these appointments will absolutely give us the edge in this market.”australia's bob isherwood, worldwide creative director of saatchi & saatchi, personally led the intensive global search: “steve and dave were both top talent saatchi & saatchi boys who moved on to do other things," said  isherwood. “we’re very excited about the additional experience they’re now bringing home."ms bartley said one of the agency’s great strengths was its ability to identify talent and nurture it. “we see steve as a man of the moment with the creative flair and personal qualities that fit perfectly with our culture at saatchi and that of our clients." says back: “saatchi is primed to explore new fields of opportunity and that’s something that simone and i are completely in tune on. reuniting with david gives us a chance to get on with unfinished business. we had a great thing happening at saatchi in auckland but the best is yet to come. “we’ve travelled different paths since then and that just means there’ll be even more magic in the mix. but we know each other well enough to hit the ground running. this is going to a very exciting period for everyone, including our clients. the whole media landscape continues to change, and we’ll be at the forefront.”his many awards include a silver and three bronze lions at cannes; a silver and two bronze pencils at the one show; five acceptances at d&ad four bronze at clio; six silvers and 17 bronze pencils at award; two adma gold; plus one silver and three bronze bullets at young guns. back will take up his position at saatchi shortly and bowman at the beginning of 2008.



posted by cb @ 7:30 am 

      
         23 comments









	 
	 collis judges first ever intercontinental ad cup
	 
    


sixteen of the world’s top creatives - including leo burnett australia ecd mark collis - met in valencia, spain yesterday to begin judging the first-ever intercontinental advertising cup. the panel includes some of the world’s most awarded creative directors including marcello serpa, cd and co-ceo of almap bbdo in brazil; toni segarra, founder and chief creative director of s,c,p,f barcelona in spain; sebastian turner, partners and ceo of scholz & friends in germany;  ami hasan, founder & chief creative officer and chairman of hasan & partners in finland; piyush pandey, executive chairman and cd of ogilvy & mather in india; akira kagami, executive officer and ecd of dentsu in japan; marie-catherine dupuy, vice chairman and chief creative officer of tbwa in france; rafa anton, ecd of vitruvio leo burnett in spain; carlos baccetti, co-founder of el cielo y ei infierno in argentina; tham khai meng, co-chairman & ecd of ogilvy & mather asia pacific in singapore; johannes newrkla, president of art directors club of europe in austria, filip nilsson, chairman & cd of forsman & bodenfors in sweden; mark collis (top row, far left), executive creative director of leo burnett in australia; agustin elbaile, vice president & cd of mccann erickson in spain, igor lutz, co-chairman & cd of bbdo in russia, and rishad tobaccowala, ceo of denuo group, publcis media, in usa.michael conrad (bottom row, centre), president of berlin school of creative leadership being the non-voting honorary chairman of the jury is working with the 16 juries, spending three days examining the winners of four regional festivals: adfest (asia pacific), fiap (ibero-america), golden drum (eastern europe) and adc*e (europe).  “i have always hated the idea, ‘think global act global,” says michael conrad, jury chairman of the cup. “any great idea has to start in a place. many local ideas have a freshness and uniqueness that can shake up the world. yet these ideas don’t always get the applause they deserve at global festivals. so why not have an award show based on this very thought?”the cup offers a radical alternative to global award shows like cannes, d&ad and the one show, which tend to favour anglo saxon ideas over campaigns based on local language, culture, landscape and humour.many creatives feel frustrated when their work is overlooked at global advertising festivals when judges do not understand the context in which their work is created. the cup offers a point of difference to other advertising festivals by celebrating ‘genius loci’ – the guardian spirit of a place or location.when the jury arrived for judging yesterday, they were surprised to find 16 colourful chairs waiting for them in a courtyard in valencia. each judge was asked to sit down in the chair they liked best. some of the chairs were super-modern, others were classically designed, and others were striking and bold. it turns out the chairs were a gift from furniture design company vitra, which donated the chairs as a symbol of creative excellence. thrilled with their new chairs, the judges were ready to begin a long day of judging. besides, the intercontinental advertising cup has an innovative judging system, which ignores traditional media boundaries in favour of great ideas.entries to the cup will be judged in 19 categories such as food, beverages, fashion, cars, luxury, travel and retail. but instead of dividing the entries by media (tv, press, radio, outdoor, interactive etc), the campaigns will be judged on the strength of the idea alone. this means a poster will go head-to-head against a tv commercial, print, radio or interactive campaign in the same category.it is a radically different way of celebrating creativity, which embraces great ideas regardless of which media they are created for.the judges also choose best of show winners from the 19 category finalists including: best of film; best of radio; best of press; best media innovation; best of design; plus three awards that celebrate local ideas such as best use of local culture.the winners of the cup will be announced in valencia, spain on 22-24 november 2007.



posted by cb @ 3:07 am 

      
         2 comments






wednesday, november 07, 2007



	 
	 $30m reynolds takes a break
	 
    


siimon reynolds, one of the founders of the photon group, has resigned as a director of the holding company which now comprises ad agencies bwm, bmf and his own agency, love communications. reynolds told cb he will take a well earned break and will continue as strategic creative advisor of love but leave the day to day running of the agency to his management team.reynolds, who started a creative revolution in australia when he formed omon 20 years ago (on the day of the 87 crash!), which in turn launched the spectacular career of dave droga, now has over $30 million worth of photon shares - which he says he is not selling at the present time.



posted by cb @ 5:02 pm 

      
         18 comments









	 
	 vic afa youngbloods to get inspired by seven
	 
    


after the enormous success of the first event in 2007, the vic afa youngbloods are getting together to do it all again. '7 minutes of inspiration' will be held on wednesday, 14 november, at next level @ hotel barkly (level 4, 109 barkly street, st. kilda), from 6.30pm.  hosted by comedian and triple j host dave callan, '7 minutes of inspiration' features seven speakers, each speaking for seven minutes on what inspires them. featuring amy smith (ceo, jwt), barrie barton (director, right angle publishing), emma hill (pictured above, creative director, clemenger bddo), leigh cato (strategic planner and director of consumer insights), mia klitsas (co-founder and director of millie & more), nerissa mapes (founder, perspectives on parkinsons) and paul moore (ceo, pacific brands), the inspirational seven promise to engage and enlighten all on what has and continues to inspire them. “it’s going to be a great opportunity for our members to meet influential and inspiring people within not just our industry but the greater community who might not otherwise have the opportunity,” said nat ma, chairperson of vic afa youngbloods and digital account director at tequila\. “after the success of our first event earlier this year, and the phenomenal growth in the vic afa youngbloods membership base - which has seen our membership numbers double, we’re looking forward to ending such as successful year with a great event in 7 minutes of inspiration.” backed by the afa, vic afa youngbloods is a program that develops social, networking and educational events for young people in the marketing communications community. vic afa youngbloods is dedicated to providing a voice for young people to have a say on industry issues and future directions. vic afa youngbloods is a proud supporter of open family australia’s 250 club, which supports homeless youth in melbourne. 7 minutes of inspiration is open to all, with tickets strictly limited. tickets are $15 for members and $20 for non-members when pre-purchased online at www.afa.org.au , and $25 at the door (subject to availability). 7 minutes of inspiration will be held on wednesday, 14 november, at next level @ hotel barkly (level 4, 109 barkly street, st. kilda), from 6.30pm. this event is proudly sponsored by the associates. lucky door prizes will be drawn on the night. to become a vic afa youngbloods member, email nat.ma@tequila.com.au.



posted by cb @ 4:47 pm 

      
         3 comments









	 
	 cb/bestads melbourne cup lunch a winner
	 
    


the campaign brief/bestads melbourne cup lunch, held yesterday at the fabulous mezzaluna restaurant in potts point attracted a 120 strong field of top sydney creatives. the event was kindly sponsored by film construction (thanks steve saussey and incoming gm, roy de giorgio) and postmodern (thanks andrew robinson). here are a few pics from the lunch, more of course in the next issue of campaign brief.



posted by cb @ 7:55 am 

      
         11 comments









	 
	 more kiwis and aussies picked for d&ad jury duty
	 
    


d&ad has announced more australian and new zealand judges for next year's awards:richard maddocks (pictured), ecd of colenso bbdo auckland (soon to be at clems sydney), will be judging tv & cinema advertising along with andy blood, ecd of tbwa\whybin auckland.paul catmur, ecd of george patterson y&r, melbourne will be a member of the press advertising jury.ralph van dijk from eardrum, sydney will be judging radio advertising.



posted by cb @ 7:48 am 

      
         3 comments






monday, november 05, 2007



	 
	 surf n’ turf - a benefit for wayne goodwin
	 
    


sunday 11th november – the mona vale hotel 5 – 9pmsurf n’ turf is a benefit performance for wayne goodwin, violinist/composer and multi-instrumentalist (piano, guitar, mandolin, viola, saxophone and drums). wayne is a well loved stalwart of the australian music scene - and has many friends in the ad industry (including lynchy, he played for free at his 40th birthday). featuring musical acts from surf to rock-a-billy to country music including; ebb tide & the shorebreakers (members from midnight oil - jim moginie, rob hirst & martin rotsey in their alter ego surf band featuring wayne goodwin), members of the atlantics (peter hood, martin cilia and michael smith), cocky and pompous  (paul mcdermott and paul livingston a.k.a flacco from abc’s sideshow), becky cole, anne kirkpatrick, cam & stuie, the riptides (mark callaghan of gangajang, chris bailey and graham "buzz" bidstrup from the original angels & gangajang) and other guest musicians. … plus an auction for some exciting items.wayne was diagnosed with non-hodgkins lymphoma in june of this year and after three months of chemotherapy is currently in remission from the blood cancer. with a little help from his friends, this fund raising event will help wayne get back on his feet after time off work and provide him with some relief from mounting financial obligations. the leukaemia foundation is also a beneficiary of the benefit as this organisation has been extremely supportive through goodwin’s challenging ordeal. a representative from the foundation will be on hand at the event to highlight awareness of their work and to provide information about non-hodgkins lymphoma and other blood cancers. born of an australian mother, wayne first came to australia on tour from hollywood, california with emmylou harris twenty-three years ago and returned the following year to stay, performing with the newly reformed band crossfire and to break into the film industry as a composer. his credits as a violinist list the who’s who of music including midnight oil, inxs, jenny morris, sting, bob dylan, linda ronstadt, tony bennett, elo, renee geyer, ross wilson, the australian opera and ballet orchestra, the bolshoi ballet, gene pitney, dolly parton, dragon, emmylou harris, jimmy little, michelle shocked, anne kirkpatrick, bread, crosby, stills and nash (wayne was awarded a platinum album for his violin solo on their hit single wasted in the way) and more… mona vale hotel - cnr. barrenjoey rd. and park st.tickets   $12 pre sale / $15 at doorbookings - moshtix www.moshtix.com.auwayne goodwin (mob) 0401 186 206  w.goodwin@bigpond.com



posted by cb @ 10:54 pm 

      
         7 comments









	 
	 back tipped for saatchi & saatchi ecd gig
	 
    


ddb sydney creative director steve back is tipped to join saatchi & saatchi as ecd, filling the vacuum left after the recent departure of david nobay. saatchi ceo simone bartley was interstate on business and was not available for comment. a spokewoman for saatchi said this was total speculation and there was no announcement to be made. back is still not returning calls and will be taking a holiday, starting tomorrow.however, in an all staff memo on friday, ddb executive cd matt eastwood confirmed back was off to saatchi's: "i say this with a big lump in my throat, but this morning steve back handed me his resignation. he's off to saatchi & saatchi to take up the role of creative director. steve has made a big impact during his 12 months here at ddb, both professionally and personally. he's a mate, and always will be, so we wish him well.he's the first to admit that he's probably bitten off more than he canchew.but then that's what we love about him.of course, now that his joined the competition, we're totally going towhip his ass.he was planning to be on holidays next week anyway, so monday will behis last official day.although i'm sure we'll get a chance to have a drink with him before heofficially takes up the new post.to infinity and beyond."



posted by cb @ 3:29 pm 

      
         14 comments









	 
	 back resigns from ddb sydney, where to next?
	 
    


ddb sydney creative director steve back has resigned after 14 months at the agency, confirmed by ddb national ecd matt eastwood this morning. back is not returning calls as to his future plans and apparently will be taking a holiday starting tomorrow.back, who is currently ranked #6 creative in australasia on the cb creative rankings, was lured to ddb sydney from saatchi & saatchi nz, where he was head of art, and before that he held a similar gig at colenso bbdo, auckland. prior to his nz stint, back had several senior gigs in london, including deputy cd of grey, head of art and cd of walsh trott chick smith and group cd at partners bddh. before london, he was head of art at leo burnett sydney (part of the 2000 cb agency of the year team, teamed with mark collis, now national ecd of burnetts). back started his career in 1991 at mojo in perth, followed by three years at marketforce. in 1996 he headed east, securing a senior art director gig at george patterson bates in sydney, where he first teamed up with collis.



posted by cb @ 9:49 am 

      
         6 comments






saturday, november 03, 2007



	 
	 more aussies on d&ad juries
	 
    


more d&ad juries have been announced, which include a few aussies:uk import simon smith, who has just left bwm sydney, is on the exclusive 6 member broadcast innovations jury, which includes matthew bull, ty montague and scott goodson, chaired by steve henry (tbwa\london).dave king, cd of aim proximity, auckland (ex m&c saatchi, sydney) is on the direct jury, alongside aussie expat matty burton (ex saatchi nz, now droga 5 new york), chaired by steve harrison (freelance, uk).aussie expat nick law (ecd of r/ga, new york) is on the integrated jury, chaired by david lubars (bbdo, new york).more d&ad juries will be announced soon.



posted by cb @ 9:02 am 

      
         6 comments






friday, november 02, 2007



	 
	 cascade unleashes a tiger
	 
    


the tasmanian tiger will make a come back this sunday night as the suave hero of a new “film noir” style television commercial entitled the natural order the fast paced action moves from a poker room to a bordello via dark alley ways and our hero must outsmart and out run other members of the urban jungle. a team of 100 worked tirelessly to bring the new look urban tiger to life and a collection of shady characters (each represented by an animal head and a human body) that includes a stupid chimp, a greedy pig, an overzealous rottweiler and a foxy lady. the tvc, created by the team at badjar ogilvy, melbourne took 5 months to produce and utilised a range of specialist talents from director of photography, academy award winner john seal, to a poker expert, to mask makers to “cutting-edge” computer special effects. “from an execution point of view, the natural order was fantastically challenging. we wanted to give cascade’s icon, the tasmanian tiger, a personality. bring him to life in a gritty urban setting,” said michael knox, creative director, badjar ogilvy.a team of six sculptors worked around the clock to create the 18 masks that were used for the background characters in the jazz club scene. while the digital post team remained glued to their computer screens as they used computer generated imagery (cgi) to bring the tasmanian tiger and the leading members of the urban jungle to life. “there was careful attention to every detail, from the very beginning at the casting stages the actors were selected on their likeness to the different animals, right though to post-production where human bodies were melded with animal heads through cgi to develop the convincing life-like cast. the final result speaks for itself and it’s a credit to all involved,” says knox.the “natural order” campaign includes national tv advertising (on air from sunday 4 november), outdoor (nsw, vic, qld, sa, wa & tas – which includes rock posters), national cinema advertising, airport activity (qantas sydney terminal only) and an online campaign. also supported in store through an extensive point of sale program.click here to see the spot on bestads



posted by cb @ 2:33 pm 

      
         7 comments









	 
	 ddb nabs jonas peterson to replace ben o'brien
	 
    


matt eastwood, national creative director and vice chairman ddb group, today announced the appointment of jonas peterson as senior writer for ddb sydney. he will to be teamed with art director adam rose, replacing ben o'brien, who has left the agency.peterson co created the 2007 cannes radio grand prix winning snickers ‘hoedown’ spot whie at clemenger bdo, melbourne. the same commercial won australian commercial of the year at the 2007 siren awards which saw him win both gold siren and silver single siren category winners.originally from sweden, peterson started his career ten years ago and worked for swedish hot shop forsman & bodenfors, one of europe's best independent agencies and previously ranked 11th best agency in the world by the gunn report.in 2004 he decided to move to australia. after a stint at bmf, petersen went to clemenger bbdo melbourne in 2005, and most recently at draft fcb melbourne.during his career, he has won metal at cannes, clio, epica, liaa and new york festivals as well as gold and silvers at both the swedish national awards and effies. peterson has also been on several award juries, both nationally and internationally.says eastwood: “we’re extremely lucky to have snared jonas. he’s always been an incredibly hot talent, but the recent cannes grand prix has thrown him onto the world stage. so i’m thrilled that he’s chosen ddb as his new home. jonas is not just a highly awarded creative, he’s a genuinely talented person in every sense of the word. we foresee a great future for him here at the ddb group.”says peterson: “i'm extremely excited to be joining ddb sydney. i get the chance to join what i consider one of the most interesting agencies in the region right now. i couldn't be happier and i'm looking forward to producing intelligent, different and effective work for ddb's clients.”petersen and rose will be working on accounts like mcdonald’s, gatorade and wrigley.



posted by cb @ 2:19 pm 

      
         9 comments









	 
	 lion winner felicity morgan-rhind to prodigy
	 
    


prodigy has signed top local commercial director and 2007 cannes lions winner felicity morgan-rhind. she won a bronze lion for the frank campaign whilst with film construction.to view a sample of her award winning work for frank beverages, they can be viewed at: www.prodigyfilms.com



posted by cb @ 10:28 am 

      
         0 comments






thursday, november 01, 2007



	 
	 australia's vince frost to chair d&ad typography jury
	 
    


members of seven design juries for the d&ad awards 2008 have been announced. australia's vince frost from frost design will chair the typography jury and kevin finn will be judging graphic design. further judges from new zealand and australia will be announced shortly.due to its size, graphic design will once again be split into three juries headed by tony brook of spin, aziz kami of kantar group, and adrian shaughnessy of shaughnessyworks. other juries announced include: book design: foreman irma boom  branding: foreman michael johnson, johnson banks magazine & newspaper design: foreman terry jones, i-d magazine packaging design: foreman phil carter, carter tomlin wong typography: foreman vince frost, frost design writing for design: foreman howard fletcher “having been asked by d&ad to be a foreman in the graphic design section of this year’s annual, my excitement is mingled with a sense of responsibility," said tony brook, creative director at spin. “sitting in judgment of so many hopes is heavy stuff. like a cub scout, i promise to do my best.” other juries will be announced in the coming days. the entry deadline is 16 january 2008. entries before 14 november will receive a 10% discount.



posted by cb @ 10:00 pm 

      
         0 comments









	 
	 the lab sydney restructures
	 
    


the lab sydney, market leader in post production for film, television & commercial projects, today announced details of their future growth and expansion plans with the establishment of a new creative studio and the implementation of an exciting new business strategy. the changes at the lab are being spearheaded by omnilab media’s executive director lewis pullen (above) who, in conjunction with the lab’s senior management team, devised the new strategy. says pullen: “at the lab we have re-invented ourselves as an innovative creative studio to meet the changing needs of our advertising, entertainment and corporate clients.”according to lab client account director michael eder, the announcement is the result of many months development and planning. eder commented, “we recently announced the first phase of our new strategy with the addition of alan hansen to head our multi-million dollar digital grading facilities and eric schaechter joining our compositing team from europe. we have also had peter richie grading at the facility, after he joined omnilab media in september.”eder’s sales role at the lab has expanded. he said, “l am now looking after agency sales for sydney and brisbane, where we have set up our new facility ‘the lab@360’ and we have appointed tony cole (formerly animal logic, sydney) there as our head of 2d.” as part of the strategy there are several personnel taking up key new positions at the lab sydney. the first is prue fletcher (thunderstruck, seven swords, flying daggers, love my way, the upside down show) in her role as senior longform producer. fletcher, a major film and tv industry heavyweight with 21 years experience, will work with both international and australian producers, directors and post supervisors. commenting on the new strategy, she said, “this is the most exciting time i have ever been part of at the lab. there are so many positive changes being implemented and our clients are very much welcoming them.”post production manager phil watts will focus on managing the post production operation and implementing all aspects of the strategy, including the lab’s new digital grading infrastructure. during his eighteen years in the industry, watts has seen the post landscape change dramatically. “the lab is moving with the times and staying ahead of the game.” he said, “we have a clear goal to build the best talent team in the business in colour grading, 2d, 3d, design and interactive/digital media. our team of colourists and compositors have four telecine chains and seven of the latest smoke, inferno and flame suites to work with. with digital grading, our facilities are second to none.”the senior team also includes creative director, garry jacques who will lead the new creative studio at the lab. jacques said “we offer our clients a boutique service with all the benefits of major company backing. the team in the studio work to produce the very best creative support and solutions for advertising agencies and production companies. the creative studio also supports design work in longform such as title design and branding. this is something that clients have been asking for and we are delighted to be able to offer it.”adds pullen: “the new creative studio was inspired by the successful oktobor model in new zealand and lessons learnt from servicing our clients at iloura and digital pictures in melbourne. together with the improved structure, this forms the heart of our new strategy. there will be other announcements and more investments to come as our goal is to constantly refresh and keep growing.”



posted by cb @ 8:40 pm 

      
         0 comments









	 
	 which agencies have got their shit together?
	 
    


agencies love nothing more than a bandwagon to jump on. right now, they don't come bigger than "the environment". peter maniaty, creative director, direct, at euro rscg sydney took a camera, and a deep breath, and entered the sinister underworld of agency toilets to put all the green talk to the ultimate test.



posted by cb @ 8:06 pm 

      
         3 comments






wednesday, october 31, 2007



	 
	 de giorgio to film construction
	 
    


confirming a poorly kept secret, roy de giorgio is to join film construction in december as executive producer, australia. says fc executive producer, peter hewitt: "roy's advertising and television experience and passion for the business, most recently as a senior producer at clemenger bbdo sydney will be a great asset to film construction, and to agencies who will now have a more day to day link to the roster of directors at film construction."says de giorgio: "film construction has a wealth of talent doing some great work - two lions at cannes last year alone. this is an exciting opportunity for me and i feel this production focus will really put film construction on the radar of agencies. we'll be delivering some fantastic work in 2008. watch this space!"



posted by cb @ 5:23 pm 

      
         9 comments






tuesday, october 30, 2007



	 
	 monkeys release a book
	 
    


sydney shop three drunk monkeys has launched a book at a sold out breakfast in sydney’s botanic gardens. the book titled ‘i can do anything’ was written for kids for life - a charity devoted to raising awareness and funds for the plight of sick and underprivileged children. the event was hosted by respected sports commentator greg clark and comedian libby gorr (aka elle mcfeast). i can do anything tells the story of a young boy who wakes one morning and realises he can achieve whatever he sets his mind to. the writing is set to photos of heroic figures from the last century: people who have overcome difficult odds and inspired generations of young people the world over - muhammad ali, jacques cousteau, sir donald bradman, picasso, thomas edison, albert einstein, neil armstrong and kelly slater amongst others. “our thinking was, if we could offer something substantial to people in return for a donation to kids for life it would be a win-win situation. people who buy the book receive an inspiring tale, a gift for friends or family, and at the same time they’re making a donation to kids for life.” justin drape, creative director. the book was published by messenger publishing and will be distributed by gary allen, australia’s largest independent book distributor. it will be available in leading book stores (including dymocks, angus & robertson and collins) from december, and online now at kidsforlife.com.au, rrp. $14.95 book credits:writer: justin drapeart director: justin drapeclient: kids for lifeclient executives: kate dixonagency: three drunk monkeyspublisher: messenger publishingdesign: andy cooleyimages: getty & corbis



posted by cb @ 6:01 pm 

      
         14 comments









	 
	 vb and symphony
	 
    


george patterson y&r melbourne and foster’s australia have refreshed the long standing vb theme music in a most peculiar way for their most recent film for vb.in a departure from the current campaign, the blue singlets and stubbie shorts traditionally associated with vb were replaced by black ties and tuxedos as 95 musicians from the melbourne symphony orchestra and orchestra victoria took to the stage at the melbourne concert hall.performed solely on 451 vb bottles and 6 timpani drums, the vb symphony recreated the 40-year-old vb theme music, note for note. to achieve this, the musicians collaborated with renowned conductor cezary skubiszewski who designed and invented an array of new instruments to allow the performance to come together.three months of development and rehearsal were required before the vb symphony was ready to be performed on stage at the melbourne concert hall.title: vb symphonycreative director: paul catmurwriter: jim ingramart director: ben couzensagency producer: romanca jasinskiproduction company: directors groupdirector: ben saundersdop: germain mcmickingproducer: craig griffinclick here to see the spot on bestads



posted by cb @ 5:11 pm 

      
         40 comments









	 
	 jeff goodby charms tough caxton audience in byron bay
	 
    


 here's jeff goodby's speech at the caxtons at byron bay on the weekend, filmed for the caxtons by charles clapshaw of the furnace, sydney.



posted by cb @ 4:38 pm 

      
         1 comments









	 
	 awards pile up for kriv stenders' boxing day film
	 
    


pod film’s director, kriv stenders (left) continues to break new ground with his hi-def feature film, boxing day.boxing day is a dramatically intense film about a father’s desperate struggle to reunite his shattered family over the course of a single afternoon. told in real time and shot as a single take the film was co written and directed by kriv stenders.since its national premiere at adelaide film festival, boxing day has won numerous awards around the world including, the directors finder award from the australian directors guild (where he also received a nomination for best director) and the best actor award for richard green and a special jury mention at the montreal festival du nouveau cinema . boxing day has also received dual nominations at the 2007 if awards for best direction and best actor.the hollywood reporter writes, “stenders certainly establishes himself as one of australia’s most prominent digital filmmakers"boxing day (left is a still from the film) launches on november 22nd at the nova in melbourne. sydney, adelaide, perth and brisbane premiere dates are yet to be announced. a special launch screening, followed by a panel discussion will be held at the nova on tuesday the 20th of november at 6.30pm.backing up his success with the film, stenders continues to direct tv commercials via pod. his latest award achievements include silver for best tvc at the indonesian advertising awards for his hutchison ‘hide and seek’ spot and nomination as a finalist for best direction at asia image apollo awards in singapore for his hutchison brand spot.



posted by cb @ 1:30 pm 

      
         3 comments






monday, october 29, 2007



	 
	 rmit students graduate
	 
    


hopeful rmit creative-advertising graduates hang their work this week to be judged by peers and industry.  this year's promotional campaign involved past students ant keogh, josh stephens, ben couzens, jim imgram, mel peters, tom martin, amy hollier and gus johnston. shot by alex aslangul of sugar studios and retouched by ross goddard, the invitations and posters have been circulating melbourne agencies over the past week.view student work and make your own decision as to who will be the next addition to the rmit advertising hall of esteemed alumni.opening night invitation - wednesday, october 31 from 6.30pmchapel off chapel, 12 little chapel st, prahran.exhibition dates31 october - 5 november10am - 5pm dailyvisit:www.thenextacquisition.com



posted by cb @ 9:42 am 

      
         4 comments









	 
	 goodby woos the caxton crowd in byron bay
	 
    


campaign brief's heather jacobs reviews a top weekend.co-creation, trust and collaboration were the catchcries of the caxtons on the weekend, something ant hatton of george patterson y&r melbourne put into practise when he got his mate from clemenger sydney to wax his balls live on stage in an excruciating act which saw him win the talent quest with a score of 1000 and something. apart from the painful display of bodily parts and a stolen golf cart by two allegedly drunk creatives at 5am eastern standard time, there was very little indecent behaviour at the caxtons, which was held at the gorgeous byron on byron resort this weekend. in between ‘fucks’ - this expletive was used a record number of times during the speeches - clients, media directors and even researchers said they want to work more closely with creatives to create better work. and unlike the last time the commonwealth bank sent a marketing director to the caxtons with graham ford slagging off creatives by saying they were out of step with the times, mark buckman was the picture of decorum and came through the weekend unscathed and even with a few new friends. international guest of honour jeff goodby (left) of goodby silverstein & partners, san francisco, which this year snagged the bank’s advertising account, opened his speech with a tongue in cheek peace offering by revealing the phone number for the marketing director of elizabeth arden inviting australian agencies to try to win the account, preferably before the launch of the next britney spears perfume. the laid-back californian with his trademark ponytail even apologised for the behaviour of george w bush before wooing the crowd with his amazing work for clients including sprint, hyundai, comcast, rolling rock and the got milk campaign. as part of a complete restructure of the agency to allow it to create work for the digital world, creatives at the agency were told they needed to learn to do everything from tvcs to designing web sites and if they didn’t like it they could get their books together and start interviewing. while some did leave, the agency has been in expansion mode rapidly hiring people outside the traditional sphere including stand up comics, lawyers, rappers and videographers as part of the restructure instigated by co-managing director derek robson who analysed the business, only to find the staff didn’t reflect the skill base required for a digitally led agency. it doesn’t mean they didn’t stuff up some traditional jobs, admitted goodby, but clearly they are doing something right, considering the agency won $us2 billion worth of new business over a four week period. two billion dollars! (see next issue of campaign brief for full story).the funniest speech of the weekend was that of richard maddocks (right), the incoming creative chief for clemenger bddo sydney, who gave a rollicking account of his top ten advertising agencies. sorry jeff, it’s not gs&p but places like mcmahon and tate, the agency in bewitched, to warren in how to lose a guy in 10 days and d&d advertising in melrose place. maddocks has a starring role in each of these agencies, he has an affair from samantha of bewitched and gets her to use her magical powers to make all the planners disappear and find all the people who write nasty things about him on the campaign brief blog site. he is best mates with warren’s matthew mcconaughey and calls him to profess his love, he cracks a brief for the vp of d&d amanda woodward (played by heather lochlear) and unsuccessfully propositions her, teaching him one of advertising’s most valuable lessons - rejection. while advertising is about 80% rejection, he said his first boss said for him it would be 95%.speaking of constant rejection, researcher george stent of stent research & planning used his time at the podium to tell creatives that although he loves and respects creatives, they don’t seem to return the sentiment. he gave the top 10 tips on how to get work through research including flattering the researchers, bribing them with hints about a huge project in the pipeline if only the research turns up favourably, 9am debriefs, using intimidation tactics like hinting how much easier it is to sack the researchers than change the agency and re-frame the responses so the one person in the room who liked it is an opinion leader. belinda rowe, ceo of zenith optimedia and the new head of the afa, also called for increased co-operation, this time between media and creative agencies, saying the two would never come back together in the same agency so it was best to accept this and get on with making it work as best you can. research with creative directors on what they think of media directors came up with some enlightened insights as “they interbreed and create acne-free children”, or “it’s all about free tickets and goodie bags”.instead, rowe says, ‘co-creation’ is at the centre of a new business model for the advertising industry with the turf war between the two proving detrimental. as a starting point she suggests breaking down the silos and getting creative people involved in the mfa and media people invited to the caxtons. this was the first time she’s been invited and she loved it. matt eastwood (left), national cd of ddb sydney, encouraged creatives to look beyond the obvious and have fun with storytelling, taking the audience through several great examples of branded content he worked on while he was in the states, including a series of short films called meet the lucky ones for the car brand mercury (which helped sell 378 cars in its first four weeks) and the conde nast tv channel for jetblue. his most recent brainchild is to create a tv network to be shown on the plasma screens in mcdonald’s stores. however, what will most be remembered about his talk was that he loves cheese flavoured goldfish biscuits and that somewhere in la is a proposal for a pilot tv show called crackers based around a cheddar flavoured animated fish called fin, a pizza flavoured fish called linda and a timid pretzel flavoured fish called gilbert interlaced with moral messages for children about good behaviour which should be mandatory viewing for all future caxton delegates. in other speeches dennis koutoulogenis of bmf revealed a facebook page he’d created for william caxton and pleaded for people to understand the power of words, calling on the might of the greek empire. rebecca carrasco (right), creative partner of colman rasic carrasco, talked about the matrix-esque theory she has about reality, something she calls ‘the program’ which regulates our behaviour and something the best advertising executives step outside of to create great work; annabel crabb, political journalist for the sydney morning herald dished the dirt on the politicians she’s covering for the election (sorry can’t share, it’s libellous), but the final word goes to david thomason, general manager marketing, meat and livestock australia, who said that sometimes there’s going to be an ad that bombs and he accepts that – because if you don’t get the occasional lame duck it means you are not trying hard enough or taking enough risks. if only everyone could be so understanding, but that hippie-like sanguine view of the world where everyone works together and loves each other may make perfect sense in byron bay but will probably disappear as quickly as lamb chops on a bbq on australia day, with january now the top selling month for lamb thanks to a fast talking mr sam kekovich.



posted by cb @ 6:56 am 

      
         0 comments










 











