






junior league of austin



































 










menu



search





junior league of austin






			join		

			donate		

			members		
 






search for:




 




close menu




			join		

			donate		

			members		
 





skip to content
about

president’s welcome
board of directors

community advisors
staff


our history

volunteer extraordinaire
past presidents


diversity, equity & inclusion in the junior league of austin

books of the month


awards
media room

capitalines
logo and usage
financial reports




get involved

membership information
being a member
how to join the league
steps to transfer in
reinstatement
public events


community programs

language learning program
2024-25 community projects and programs
apply to be a community partner
resources for existing community projects
done-in-a-day
coats for kids

donate
coat drive
volunteers
receive a coat
reciba un abrigo
community coats


fit – food in tummies
kics – kids in cool shoes


events

austin entertains

about austin entertains
austin entertains 2024 impact report
austin entertains tickets


2025 a christmas affair

2025 aca become a merchant


coats for kids
upcoming prospective new member events


support us

donate now
your gift in action
our supporters
ways to give


book our space

why book with us?
available spaces
inquire


 


search for:




 








junior league of austin
the junior league of austin is an organization of women whose mission is to advance women’s leadership for meaningful community impact through volunteer action, collaboration, and training.


find out more








 


league events
supported by jla's all-woman membership, find out more about our two major fundraising events: a christmas affair and austin entertains!

read more








 


signature impact
learn more about the junior league of austin's signature impact programs and community involvement!

read more








 


join us
are you interested in becoming a member of the junior league of austin? find out more here. 

read more








 


community impact center 
find out more about renting our headquarters building!

read more











			leaguelines blog					


five activities to do with the family this spring

posted on april 24, 2023


  spring is the perfect time to explore all the wonders that austin has to offer. from outdoor adventures to cultural events, there’s something for everyone to enjoy. i’m always on the lookout for fun and educational activities to do with my family. here are five of my favorite activities to do during springtime in… read more




events




						feb21 



february 21 admissions virtual open house







						feb25 



february 25 admissions virtual open house







						mar06 



austin entertains: a night to sip and savor

austin entertains tickets on sale now





						mar06 



march 6  admissions virtual open house












mission statement
the junior league of austin is an organization of women whose mission is to advance women’s leadership for meaningful community impact through volunteer action, collaboration, and training.


find out more






community impact
the junior league of austin (jla) members serve as trained volunteers through the league’s signature programs and through community project partnerships with more than 20 non-profit agencies and programs throughout the austin area. jla volunteers support initiatives to enhance education, health and well-being, safety and crisis intervention, the arts, and the environment.


find out more









join
looking for an organization that can help you make a meaningful impact in your community while developing your leadership skills? look no further than the junior league of austin!

find out how





donate
join us and support the charitable work of the junior league of austin. the league’s fundraising efforts, teamed with our trained volunteers, ensure maximum impact of your gift.

donate today





contact
the junior league of austin
5330 bluffstone lane
austin tx, 78759
ph: 512.467.8982
fx: 512.454.7518

contact us









		copyright © 
		2010, 2025 junior league of austin		
privacy statement | 		shipping & return policy | 		login









































by continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information acceptthe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. if you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "accept" below then you are consenting to this.close
