

the infojustice journal: your source for inside information and legal advice in the
field.



 










		  





		welcome to infojustice, your source 
		for inside information on news, 
		politics, health 
		and legal advice in the field. you will find case studies, answers to 
		novel questions on law, science, forensic recreation of crime, forensic 
		medicine, anti-fraud, consumer protection, secret investigative methods, 
		and beat the press, which will help all 

folks 
		in our ever changing world.  be sure to review 
		the
		great forensic

medical research & health care links, dental 
		care links,
		daily news & health information
		services,
		university library's,
		academy links for women, 
justice is truth @ aajts,
		the scientific theory for acupuncture pain control which has eluded 
		scientists for centuries,
		
		direct to nostalgic medicine,
		the scientific pathway for homeopathic medicine,
		the scientific basis for 
		altered human spinal biomechanics, pain and dysfunction,
		the library of justice,
		
the library for forensic human spinal biomechanics, 
		the little guy 


		™ 
		 fights back for you,
		


		the history of black box labeling,
		
		american girl &
		
		american way






















unbelievable! president trump just secured the release of a russian hostage marc fogel 2-11-2025. he did in three and one half weeks what the past administration and congress failed to do in four years. this deed was thought to be impossible by the previous administration and congress without giving up the farm. to get a hostage released from russia joe biden was forced by putin to give up the merchant of death, the worlds most notorious and evil arms dealer to russia among others. trump's results are superlative thus far. and folks, "you just can't make this stuff up."...out of the blue, the president trump ends the war against women who participate in sports and keeps his campaign promise. ethical behavior has finally been reinforced and the perversion infiltration in sanctioned sports has ended.  hip hip hurrah for the president trump accomplishing factually what the governance of the last four years couldn't. why they did not and still don't even know what a women is. shocking, pitiful, but true. once again, the world seriously congratulates the president donald john trump who fought and won truth and justice for all of womankind....trestle has been granted a link to help you fight robocalls and scams with their page to their products and education-the consequences of robocalls and scam calls for major industries...the addiction resource center has requested a link from the american academy for justice through science website, the infojustice journal to their best-drug-rehab-centers in pennsylvania page. if you go to our links page you will now find the new addition to the infojustice family...weekend words for 10-20-2024: you don't choose your family. they are god's gift to you, as you are to them....the only rock i know that stays steady, the only institution i know that works is the family....when you look at your life, the greatest happiness's are family happiness's....the family is a haven in a heartless world....the happiest moments of my life have been the few which i have passed at home in the bosom of my family.... to us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there. - desmond tutu, lee iacocca, joyce brothers, christopher lasch, thomas jefferson..."coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success - henry ford." i feel that if our congress and our citizenry came together akin to henry fords quote, it almost boggles the imagination of what could be achieved. let us all become wiser and come together...the path to solving all that ails our great republic is to recognize that desire is greater than political dogma... martin luther king, jr. said it best as "we must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." look around, see the news, see what you must. clearly we have moved to the twilight zone because of today's foolish designs achieved consciously or unconsciously. folks from the past summed up how to solve our problems. the founding fathers created a checks and balance system with two parties and two parts of congress. they would have thought much of what we see today is very very bad. one wise man once said, "my humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together." founding father john dickinson taught "united we stand divided we fall." if we worked to be united, we could solve our many ills. today all we witness is talk. said political speak becomes dogma for various parties. let us remember ben franklin's words when he said "well done is better than well said."...weekend words for 04/20/2024... making peace, i have found, is much harder than making war...the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return....there was never a good war or a bad peace…the structure of world peace cannot be the work of one man or one party or one nation. it must be a peace which rests on the cooperative effort of the whole world…ben franklin,  franklin delano roosevelt, gerry adams and eden ahbez...may anyone who visits this journal have a happy, healthy, prosperous 2024. happy new year-01-01-2024...revenge in their hearts are turning them into something ugly-12-22-2023...believe it or not!...lets examine the polls.  remember the polls said president trump would not win his election but he did! the polls recently predicted a red wave but it was a blue wave!  this examiner would opine polls can be used to manipulate the citizenry and what folks?..."you just can't all this stuff up,"...10-17-2023...this examiner was driving to palm springs when i was in a mood for some juicy fruit gum. something i had not had a craving for perhaps 25 years.  i pulled over to a convenience store. they didn't have juicy fruit brand but had some off brand called fruity gum or something similar. i went to the check out counter.  i was about to lay the gum down when the young lady behind the counter asked "are you them or they?" i turned to look around to see if someone else had come into the store.  she smiled and asked "is your name them or they?" somehow i lost my desire for the gum. i picked up the gum to put it back when the clerk said "whose going to buy the gum?" i said, "ask them," smiled, walked back and placed the gum by the clerk, turned and walked out...and folks, "you just can't make this crazy stuff up!" ...to build a strong economy requires fiscal discipline and social justice....the source of our national strength requires a strong economy...competitiveness, skills, productivity and innovation are the seeds for our future growth which in turn relies on the education of our children....thus, "true focused (youth education in english, math, science, history...) education" equals economic growth....investing in better-quality educational outcomes, especially in math and science, will create a new generation of american youth's destined to make far more than the investment...."just throwing it out there on today's pickle-ball court of public thought...what say you?...happy st. patrick's day...for over one thousand years the irish have celebrated this day.  yet when it comes to the st. patrick's day parade, this day, its parade and its heritage are celebrated by all patriotic americans.  heck, maybe you did not know that the first st. patrick's day parade took place not in ireland, but "right cheer" in the good old us .of a...read more about it now at the little guy fights back for you...weekend words for 09/23/2022...whenever you are about to find fault with someone, ask yourself the following question: what fault of mine most nearly resembles the one i am about to criticize...yet, taught by time, my heart has learned to glow for other's good, and melt at other's woe...i do not ask the wounded person how he feels, i myself become the wounded person...empathy is a tool for building people into groups, for allowing us to function as more than self-obsessed individuals - marcus aurelius, homer, walt whitman and neil gaiman....congratulations joe biden on the tentative railroad agreement to avoid a strike.  a strike could devastate the economy to the extent our nation could be crippled......weekend words for 06-04-2022...the country needs fiscal discipline to build a strong economy and for social justice...a strong economy is the source of national strength...our future growth relies on competitiveness and innovation, skills and productivity... and these in turn rely on the education of our people...education equals economic growth....investing in better-quality education outcomes - especially in maths and science - more than pays for itself (healthy homework-look up the authors!)...student, or reject them.  and folks, "you just can't make this stuff up."...american news tonight 04/29/2022...if our nations children belong to the school teachers, then they owe child support and too much more...weekend words for 04-15-2022 happy passover and easter...before i met my husband, i'd never fallen in love. i'd stepped in it a few times....a kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous...all mankind love a lover....a hug is like a boomerang-you get it back right away....at the touch of love everyone becomes a poet....as soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words....for it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. it was not my lips you kissed, by my soul. - rita rudner, ingrid bergman, ralph waldo emerson, bill keane, plato, william shakespeare, judy garland....academy news....newmouth has requested a link to their website from our dental care links page which has been established.  newmouth has become a permanent member of our infojustice family...healing doesn't mean the damage never existed. it means the damage no longer controls our lives...it isn’t enough to talk about peace. one must believe in it. and it isn’t enough to believe in it. one must work at it....with malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as god gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves. - akshay dubey, eleanor roosevelt, abraham lincoln...opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work...sloth makes all things difficult, but industry all easy; and he that riseth late must trot all day, and shall scarce overtake his business at night; while laziness travels so slowly, that poverty soon overtakes him.” thomas a. edison, ben franklin...when the american spirit was in its youth, the language of america was different: liberty, sir was the primary object....those who do not want to be partakers of the american spirit out not to settle in america....the american spirit wears no political label. in service to others and yes, in sacrifice for our country, there are no republicans, there are no democrats; there are only americans....in times of great national struggle, the american spirit brings us all together, and as a result we will be stronger and even more committed to the principles of liberty and justice for which we stand. - founding father patrick henry, president calvin coolidge, bill frist, md...weekend words for friday december 20...anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were...the stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget...- cherie carter-scott, mark twain, mahatma gandhi and thomas szasz... music is the greatest communication in the world...even if people don't understand the language that you're singing in, they still know good music when they hear it...communication will bring understanding and understanding will cause harmonious mutual relationships which can establish peace and stability...the greatest gains in world history came from opposing factions finding common ground....lou rawls, lobsang tenzin, infojustice editor...lets run our government like a business with a heart rather then having government run business like our government... the good man brings good things out of the good stored up in his heart, and the evil man brings evil things out of the evil stored up in his heart. for out of the overflow of his heart his mouth speaks...do unto others as you would have them do unto you...no one lights a lamp and puts it in a place where it will be hidden, or under a bowl. instead he puts it on its stand, so that those who come in may see the light...jesus christ.... the great enemy of the truth is very often not the lie -- deliberate, contrived, and dishonest -- but the myth -- persistent, persuasive, and unrealistic....most truths are so naked that people feel sorry for them and cover them up, at least a little bit..whoever undertakes to set himself up as judge in the field of truth and knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods. - john f. kennedy, edward r. murrow, albert einstein... a wise and frugal government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, which shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. this is the sum of good government, and this is necessary to close the circle of our felicity...government is not reason; it is not eloquence. it is force. and force, like fire, is a dangerous servant and a fearful master...the constitution is not an instrument for the government to restrain the people, it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government. thomas jefferson, george washington and patrick henry...dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you...toleration is not the opposite of intolerance, but is the counterfeit of it. both are despotisms, the one assumes to itself the right of withholding the liberty of conscience, and the other of granting it...dreams are like stars...you may never touch them, but if you follow them, they will lead you to your destiny - marsha norman and george washington...just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. to walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue... no man is great enough or wise enough for any of us to surrender our destiny to. the only way in which anyone can lead us is to restore to us the belief in our own guidance...you may think the president is all-powerful, but he is not. he needs a lot of guidance from the lord. - buddha, henry miller, barbara bush....in law, the proponent is innocent until proven guilty-the golden thread of democracy-neff....controversy equalizes fools and wise men-and the fools know it....in civilized life, law floats in a sea of ethics....legal ethics is a misnomer...lawyers conducting themselves legally are not necessarily conducting themselves morally. "...and..."the zero sum nature of the legal system, combined with the universal adoption of zealotry as the marching orders of practitioners and prosecutors, transforms the moral mission of the legal system from one of truth-seeking, storytelling, and justice, to one of fabrication, distortion, and manipulation in pursuit of victory. these victories, however, make us all losers." - (mission statement american academy for justice through science), olivier wendell holmes, earl warren, thane rosenbaum....i have long argued that paying down the national debt is beneficial for the economy, it keeps interest rates lower than they otherwise would be and frees savings to finance increases in the capital stock, thereby boosting productivity and real incomes....we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt....blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt. - alan greenspan, speech, apr.27,2001, thomas jefferson, letter to samuel kerchevel, jul, 12, 1816, herbert hoover, as quoted in francis x. caranaugh's the truth about the national debt....four rules of leadership in a free legislative body: first, no matter how hard-fought the issue, never get personal. don't say or do anything that may come back to haunt you on another issue, another day.-second, do your homework. you can't lead without knowing what you're talking about-third, the american legislative process is one of give and take. use your power as a leader to persuade, not intimidate.-fourth, be considerate of the needs of your colleagues, even if they're at the bottom of the totem pole....people ask the difference between a leader and a boss. the leader works in the open, and the boss in covert...if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall in the ditch....if your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. - president george bush, theodore roosevelt, jesus christ, john quincy adams....i believe in angels, the kind heaven sends. i am surrounded by angels, but i call them my best friends....i believe that friends are quiet angels who sit on our shoulders and lift our wings when we forget how to fly....you have made known to me the path of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence...we all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere....friends are the most important part of your life. treasure the tears, treasure the laughter, but most importantly, treasure the memories. - psalms 16: 11, tim mcgraw, dave brenner...to take from one, because it is thought that his own industry and that of his fathers has acquired too much, in order to spare to others, who, or whose fathers have not exercised equal industry and skill, is to violate arbitrarily the first principle of association, the guarantee to every one of a free exercise of his industry, & the fruits acquired by it.....a large family and democrats have a lot in common: teenagers and democrats are always happy spending other people's money....borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity....after the $700 billion bailout, the trillion-dollar stimulus, and the massive budget bill with over 9,000 earmarks, many of you implored washington to please stop spending money we don't have. but, instead of cutting, we saw an unprecedented explosion of government spending and debt, unlike anything we have seen in the history of our country....deficits mean future tax increases, pure and simple. deficit spending should be viewed as a tax on future generations, and politicians who create deficits should be exposed as tax hikers....government is taking 40 percent of the gdp. and that's at the state, local and federal level. president obama has taken government spending at the federal level from 20 percent to 25 percent. look, at some point, you cease being a free economy, and you become a government economy. and we've got to stop that. - thomas jefferson, anne northrup, paul ryan, michele bachman, ron paul, mitt romney....i believe in angels, the kind heaven sends. i am surrounded by angels, but i call them my best friends....a government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away....the government, which was designed for the people, has got into the hands of the bosses and their employers, the special interests. an invisible empire has been set up above the forms of democracy....giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys....it might be more worthwhile if we stopped wringing our hands and started ringing our congressmen....if people behaved like governments, you'd call the cops. barry goldwater, woodrow wilson, p.j. o'rourke, author unknown, kelvin throop.....as the president reviewed the state of the union and unveiled his second-term agenda, he fell short of adequately explaining how he intends to set america back on the course of fiscal responsibility and secure the fiscal health of the nation....i would like to see this group in this congress be starting the process to get ourselves on long term fiscal strong footing....sadly, the president's budget proposal for the upcoming year once again puts cutting taxes for the wealthiest americans over addressing our country's severe fiscal problems...the american people expect more from congress. they expect fiscal responsibility and common sense. they expect us to return to the pay-as-you-go budget rules that we had enacted in the past that helped us establish a surplus, however briefly....the american people know what's necessary to get this economy moving again. it's fiscal discipline in washington, d.c. and across-the-board tax relief for working families, small businesses and family farms....our debt is out of control. what was a fiscal challenge is now a fiscal crisis. we cannot deny it; instead we must, as americans, confront it responsibly. and that is exactly what republicans pledge to do. - ron kind, ben quayle, carl levin, melissa bean, mike pence, paul ryan....another good thing about being poor is that when you are seventy your children will not have declared you legally insane in order to gain control of your estate....the mother of revolution and crime is poverty....the say it is better to be poor and happy than rich and miserable, but how about a compromise like moderately rich and just moody....i worked my way up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty....it is a tragic mix-up when the united states spends $500,000 for every enemy soldier killed and only $53 annually on the victims of poverty. - woody allen, aristotle, princess diana, groucho marx, martin luther king, jr.....the senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once...trust, but verify....when a man assumes a public trust he should consider himself a public property....let every eye negotiate for itself and trust no agent....there is danger from all men. the only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty...trust yourself. create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement. - rene descartes, ronald reagan, thomas jefferson, william shakespear, john adams, golda meir....is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery?  forbid it, almighty god!  i know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death....god is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble.  therefore we will not fear, though the earth give way and the mountains fall into the heart of the sea....but if anyone has the world's goods and sees his brother in need, yet closes his heart against him, how does god's love abide in him....maybe the atheist cannot find god for the same reason a thief cannot find a policeman! - patrick henry, john 3:17, psalm 42:1-2...the american people are screaming at the top of their lungs to washington, 'stop! stop the spending, stop the job-killing policies.' and yet, democrats in washington refuse to listen to the american people....getting and spending, we lay waste our powers....as i have traveled throughout my congressional district, the one thing i heard loud and clear was simply please stop spending money you do not have, rein in spending, live within a budget...that's the real secret to job creation - not borrowing and spending more money in washington....today is the day for the complaining to end and for statesmanship to begin. today i am taking action to cut state spending and balance the budget this year. - michele bachmann, john boehner, william wordsworth, tim scott, paul ryan, chris christie....true class by a us president and his wife now @ the little guy fights back for you....and see the most amazing patriotic american automobile every constructed for memorial day now @ the little guy fights back for you.... all men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality....do not call for black power or green power. call for brain power....equality is the soul of liberty; there is, in fact, no liberty without it....fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal....from the equality of rights, springs identity of our highest interests, you cannot subvert your neighbor's rights without striking a dangerous blow at your own....before god we are all equally wise - and equally foolish. - david allan coe, barbara jordon, frances wright, abraham lincoln, carl schurz, albert einstein....goodness is the only investment that never fails....the highest wisdom is loving kindness....do all the good you can, in all the ways you can, to all the souls you can, in every place you can, at all the times you can, with all the zeal you can, as long as ever you can....true religion is real living, living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness and righteousness....the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control...goodness is love in action, love with its hand to the plow, love with the burden on its back, love following his footsteps who went about continually doing good. - henry david thoreau, talmud (original old testament), john wesley, albert einstein, bible (galatians 5:22), james hamilton....politics is supposed to be the second-oldest profession. i have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first...politics, it seems to me, for years, or all too long, has been concerned with right or left instead of right or wrong....we'd all like to vote for the best man, but he's never a candidate....under democracy one party always devotes its chief energies to trying to prove that the other party is unfit to rule - and both commonly succeed, and are right....politicians are the same all over. they promise to build a bridge even where there is no river....politics is the art of looking for trouble, find it whether it exists or not, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedy....politicians say they're beefing up our economy. most don't know beef from pork....all of us who are concerned for peace and triumph of reason and justice must be keenly aware how small an influence reason and honest good will exert upon events in the political field....if god wanted us to vote, he would have given us candidates.~ ronald reagan, richard armour, frank mckinney, h.l. menchken, nikita khrushchev, ernest benn, albert einstein, jay leno....not considering good or bad the democrats have demonstrated that in our era, they are the party which kicks the important issues which face our republic down the road like a can, to be faced by a day of reckoning....a democrat is just like a baby. if it's hollering and making a lot of noise, there is nothing serious the matter with it. when it's quiet and doesn't pay much attention to anything, that's when it's really dangerous....democrats can't get elected unless things get worse-and things won't get worse unless they get elected....democrats are the only reason to vote for republicans....republicans believe every day is the fourth of july, but the democrats believe every day is april 15. - little guy, will rogers, jeane j. kirkpatrick, will rogers, ronald reagan....i have a dream that one day on the red hills of georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit together at the table of brotherhood....when we really begin to live in the world, then we understand what is meant by brotherhood or mankind and not before....the universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession, what there is of it....surely the day will come when color means nothing more than the skin tone, when religion is seen uniquely as a way to speak one's soul: when birth places have the weight of a throw of the dice and all men are born free, when understanding breeds love and brotherhood....if there is love, there is hope to have real families, real brotherhood, real equanimity, real peace. if the love within your mind is lost, if you continue to see other beings as enemies, then no matter how much knowledge or education you have, no matter how much material progress is made, only suffering and confusion will ensue....if you really believe in brotherhood of man, and you want to come into its fold, you've got to let everyone else in too. - martin luther king jr., swami vivekananda, mark twain, josephine baker, dalai lama, oscar hammerstein ii....there is one sure way of telling when politicians aren't telling the truth - their lips move....what this country needs if more unemployed politicians....politicians are people who, when they see light at the end of the tunnel, go out and buy some more tunnel....the magician and the politician have much in common; they both have to draw our attention away from what they are really doing....washington is a place where politicians don't know which way is up and taxes don't know which way is down....my definition of a redundancy is an air-bag in a politician's car. - felicity kendall, edward langley, john quinton, ben okri, robert oben, larry hagman....wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. it is the spirit of the men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory....we make war that we may live in peace....those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war....there was never a good war or a bad peace....i dream of giving birth to a child who will ask, "mother, what was war?" - general george s. patton, aristotle, winston churchill, eve merriam....half a truth is often a great lie....all truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them....chase after truth like hell and you'll free yourself, even though you never touch its coat tails....there is not a truth existing which i fear...or would wish unknown to the world....if you shut up truth and bury it under the ground, it will but grow, and gather to itself such explosive power that the day it bursts through it will blow up everything in its way. - benjamin franklin, galileo, clarence darrow, thomas jefferson, emile zola...democracy arose from men's thinking that if they are equal in any respect, they are equal absolutely....the best principles of our republic secure to all its citizens a perfect equality of rights....i have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character....before god we are equally wise and equally foolish....we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. - aristotle, thomas jefferson, martin luther king jr., albert einstein, thomas jefferson....god invented forgiving as a remedy for a past that not even he could change and not even he could forget. his way of forgiving is the model for our forgiving....the weak can never forgive. forgiveness is the attribute of the strong...and...if there is any kindness i can show, or any good thing i can do to any fellow being, let me do it now, and not deter or neglect it, as i shall not pass this way again. lewis b smedes, gandhi, pennsylvania founder-william penn....the impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor....i nod to a passing stranger, and the stranger nods back, and two human beings go off, feeling a little less anonymous....man is now able to soar into outer space and reach up to the moon; but he is not moral enough to live at peace with his neighbor....there are nine requisites for contented living; health enough to make work a pleasure; wealth enough to support your needs; strength enough to battle with difficulties and forsake them; grace enough to confess your sins and overcome them; patience enough to toil until some good is accomplished; charity enough to see some good in your neighbor; love enough to move you to be useful and helpful to others; faith enough to make real the things of god; hope enough to remove all anxieous fears concerning the future....a man is called selfish not for pursuing his own good, but for neglecting his neighbor's. - hubert h. humphrey, robert brault, sri sathy sai baba, johann wolfgang von goethe, richard whately....the opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being....above all things let us never forget that mankind constitutes one great brotherhood; all born to encounter suffering and sorrow, and therefore bound to sympathize with each other....i refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality. i believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word,,,,love the lord your god with all your passion and prayer and intelligence. love others as well as you love yourself - jane wyman, albert pike, martin luther king jr., jesus christ....2010: just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. to walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue... no man is great e


© & tm 1998
american academy for justice
        through science.
all rights reserved.











