










quality modular & manufactured homes in vermont and new hampshire - fecteau homes

























your browser does not support javascript, your experience on this site may be limited.





our homes

modular homes
double-wide manufactured homes
single-wide mobile homes
pre-owned
photo gallery



beckley hill meadows

available homes
project information



residential packages

homes for sale
homes for rent



financing

trade-ins



about

read or write reviews
careers
faq


news
contact us




















800-391-7488 or 802-229-2721
350 river street, montpelier vt 05602





our homes

modular homes
double-wide manufactured homes
single-wide mobile homes
pre-owned
photo gallery



beckley hill meadows

available homes
project information



residential packages

homes for sale
homes for rent



financing

trade-ins



about

read or write reviews
careers
faq


news
contact us

















modern home design
open-concept elegance with contemporary comfort



welcoming sophistication
make a lasting first impression



classic new england charm
comfortable country living with modern amenities



spa-inspired luxury
elegance meets functionality



designer bath details
premium fixtures and thoughtful design elements



modern kitchen innovation
elevate your cooking experience



curb appeal perfection
modern style meets classic charm



sophisticated interior design
experience refined comfort



stylish functionality
beautiful design meets practical living




get started today!
call 802-229-2721 or

get your quote





quality modular & manufactured homes in vermont and new hampshire
welcome to fecteau homes, your trusted builder of custom modular and manufactured homes since 1994. as a family-owned business, we're committed to helping you find your perfect home at an unbeatable value.
we offer factory-direct pricing on quality modular, manufactured, and mobile homes throughout vermont and new hampshire. from cozy single-wide homes to luxurious modulars, we handle everything from selection to installation.
visit our showroom in montpelier, vt to explore our model homes, or contact us today to start building your dream home. schedule a consultation with our friendly team to discover the fecteau homes difference.













homes for sale













double-wide homes













single-wide homes













modular homes













single family homes & rentals at beckley hill meadows













pre-owned mobile homes















single-wide mobile home
single-wide mobile homes
13'4" x 70'8"


beds: 2
bath: 2


introducing model #670, where smart design meets affordability in a compact yet comfortable single wide mobile home. at 924 square feet, this home maximizes every inch to deliver exceptional value and livability.
more info



the latest from fecteau homes


6 services you may not know we offer
may 17, 2023
buying a home comes with a lot of uncertainty. where will you place your home? who will provide financing?…
read more


is an accessory dwelling unit (adu) right for you?
april 26, 2023
accessory dwelling units are an ideal housing solution for downsizing parents, snow birds, multi-generational families, and those considering rental units for alternative sources of income
read more





what our customers say


"thank you, again, for helping us get into a beautiful new home. it's everything we've wanted ... we've had many compliments on our new home. we always tell people where we got it, and how helpful and friendly everyone has been..."
sandy

"just want to send a little note with a big thank you. you were all such a joy to do business with. can't tell you how happy i [am] with my new home."
cindy n.

"... i just want to tell you that we can’t thank you enough! you have been awesome throughout this entire process! i’m so glad i came in and talked to you in february and didn’t go to [elsewhere]! everyone at fecteau [homes] has been so friendly, helpful, and understanding throughout this entire process...! thank you so much!"
richard c.

"fecteau family & workers: you all have been so kind and helpful to our family and have helped us get some beautiful homes on the hill in williamstown! you are all great to work with! "
beth & gerard l.

fecteau homes did a outstanding job on our home. jenn, lee, there contractors and workers want out of there way to make sure every detail was done correctly the first time. they were always on time, very detailed and always put the customer and home first. answered all questions and made the whole process as smooth as possible. bottom line is, there's no other company to go to for a new home if your want perfection and pride in workmanship. we are very pleased with the end result. 
john b.

"your service manager, lee, is so sweet and i just have to say that the whole team at fecteau [homes] has been a pleasure to work with! you guys are the best."
ashley c.

"...all of you have been so great and helpful and accommodating and all the other words there are. all people should be as good!! thank you again..."
judy g.

we chose to work with fecteau after researching modular homes for months, they were a bit out of our area but that didn’t phase them. our home is beautiful and just as we had imagined. the biggest pro for us was the on sight crew who completed our home, they were fabulous, easy to work with and understanding. the fecteau family team has been responsive to our concerns and has been working with us to resolve them, it reassuring to know they back their product. we were able to truly customize our home to meet our needs and taste, our home truly looks like one of a kind and we love it.
alicia b.

we purchased our new home through fecteau homes. they just finished up a few weeks ago and we are so in love with the home. we started looking at modular homes back in may/june once we knew we had an offer on our home after stopping in and talking with dan we didn't feel the need to shop around, he worked with us on everything we wanted and was creative and listened to our needs (we were picky) was very quick to reply to any questions/concerns we had.  the crew that set our home was wonderful and very professional. i can't say enough good about the crew that finished the home.  any hiccups we had along the way were resolved very professionally and in a timely matter. thank you fecteau's for everything!
jessica g.

i found fecteau homes when i didn't have a good feeling about another modular home dealer and i'm so thankful i went there instead.  my experience with fecteau was so good with the first house i bought, i bought another one 6 years later. people comment all the time how much they like it.  dan and i worked together to design the perfect floor plan and after living here for 9 years, i have no regrets.  best modular dealer around.
andrew w.








get in touch

                fecteau homes
                350 river street
                montpelier, vt 05602
                802-229-2721
            













monday-friday: 8:30am-4:30pm
saturday: 9:30am-4:00pm
sunday: closed



sign up for our newsletter
















© 2025 fecteau homes | all rights reserved. careers | cookie consent







