







home | george macdonald society
















 
































































the george macdonald society










 home 



		 gmsociety 



 about us 


 officers 


 membership 


 us store 





		 resources 



 george macdonald biographical introduction 


 obituary - manchester guardian 1905 


 g.k. chesterton's introduction to george macdonald and his wife  


 the spiritual structure of lilith 


 george macdonald and the "light princess" 


 mark twain & george macdonald: the salty and the sweet 


 links in a golden chain: c. s. lewis, george macdonald and sadhu sundar singh 





		 essays & sermons 


essays

 the fantastic imagination 


 a sketch of individual development 


 the imagination: its function and its culture 

sermons

 faith, the proof of the unseen 





		 etexts 


poems

 a manchester poem 


 novalis - hymns to the night 


 somnium mystici 


 selected poems 

other texts

 the golden key 


 the gifts of the child christ 


 a letter to american boys 


 the carasoyn 


 the shadows 





		 places 



 arundel 


 bordighera 


 the retreat, hammersmith 


 hastings 





		 tributes 



 a tribute to stephen prickett 


 a tribute to rolland hein 
























i have never concealed the fact that i regarded him as my master; indeed i fancy i have never written a book in which i did not quote from him. but it has not seemed to me that those who have received my books kindly take even now sufficient notice of the affiliation. honesty drives me to emphasize it.


c. s lewis preface to 365 short excerpts from macdonald's works (1946)












george macdonald podcast - episode 1 


a conversation about george macdonald with danny gabelman, kirstin jeffrey johnson and amanda vernon. (28/10/2024)











00:00


				/
			




00:00



















if you are new to george macdonald, or looking for a short overview of his life and writings (including a full bibliography), we suggest you start with this biographical introduction from macdonald scholar kirstin jeffrey johnson.













youtube channel




our youtube channel is the latest extension to the george macdonald society's activities. here you will find recordings of online events hosted by the society, and short “spells in the library” featuring george macdonald's writings by the society's president malcolm guite. subscribe to the channel ensure that you are aware of additions as they are published.




visit









north wind journal




the society publishes annually (now online) a respected academic journal, north wind which carries articles related to george macdonald's life and work, reviews of new books, and other publications relevant to macdonald studies.




read articles









faceboook group




the george macdonald society on facebook page is a place where you can chat, publish news and make new friends who are also admirers of george macdonald.




join










orts




an occasional newsletter, orts is also produced to provide news of events, meetings, lectures and any other information of interest to our members.




read online











membership




membership of the george macdonald society is open to everyone and is valid for 12 months.




join or renew your membership here











© 2024 george macdonald society contact us


registered uk charity 1024021










