orlando nightlife: find clubs and bars in orlando by nightguide
homeaboutcontactorlando nightclubstoday's area eventswebsite directory add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > nightguide > orlando home pageorlandonightclubsby location » by category » reviews » said by clubs » club events »(try keyword "dance" or a zip code)
welcome to nightguide orlando, your single source for nightlife information. nightguide orlando brings you information that includes club locations for areas in and around orlando.

despite status as family theme park playground, greater orlando also rocks at night to extend daytime fun. from ultra-hip to downright hokey venues, from high-energy dance clubs to laid-back pubs and multi-venue entertainment complexes, orlando has several distinct areas and options for living it up after sundown. downtown orlando boasts clubs, restaurants and bars.

paris hilton had a finger in design of club paris orlando on church street, where chillers, named for its frozen specialty drinks, features a dj spinning top 40 tunes, and where the  big belly brewery provides barrels of peanuts as bar nibbles. sak comedy lab alumni include wayne brady. latitudes, a rooftop bar, features live reggae and a great skyline view. wall street plaza on orange avenue features a multitude of bars including wall street cantina and the loaded hog, with two-person booths. the blue room on pine street has a dance floor attracting young urbanites. international drive boasts pointe orlando, a one-stop shop for night action at places like adobe gila's margarita cantina or glo lounge orlando, howl at the moon orlando, and posh ultra nightclub. the mercado features a handful of restaurants and free live entertainment along cobblestone streetscapes after dark. blue martini at the mall at millenia soothes with drinks and appetizers indoors or outside. after parks close, walt disney world keeps hopping. downtown disney west side dishes up latin flavor at bongos cuban cafe. universal's citywalk spills over with dancing and dining options including the world's largest hard rock café, while parrotheads head off to jimmy buffett's margaritaville. cityjazz's nightly live music includes funk, r&b, soul and rock. orlando dinner theater entertainment also abounds, from  disney's spirit of aloha show restaurant at the polynesian resort to pirates dinner adventure and many others.

to perform a quick search for nightclub information in the area, please select one of the options below: 
 
orlando nightlife by location

·downtown orlando
nightclubs located in the heart of orlando, including those in church street station.

·north orlando
communities to the north of orlando such as winter park, maitland, altamonte springs and more.

·greater orlando
club options in the greater metropolitan orlando area.

·south orlando
nightlife to the south of orlando, including kissimmee, international drive and lake buena vista.
 
orlando nightlife by category
alternativebarcomedydancegay - lesbiankaraokelatinloungepubsports bar
you can return to the nightguide orlando home page at any time by pressing on the "nightguide" button in the left margin of the page.
said by readers...“excellent service”non-member, reader - “yesterday i went for first time to the salsa america ode the bartenders was excellent service great prices very good mus…”said about: salsa latina night club“senoritas night club - hit or miss”private member, oviedo - “inconsistency. i never write reviews but i wish i could speak to the owner. inconsistency is the single word that i …”said about: senoritas night club“what genre of music?”member, dave , floral city - “none of these nightlife sites state what kind of live entertainment they support. is it classic rock, country, b…”said about: muldoon's“great place”private member, newark - “i went there from new jersey. had a wonderful time, great place. love the crow love the element.                  …”said about: salsa latina night club“no customer service”member, tiffany, orlando - “the night started off okay until i went on stage to sing a second song. the host refused to give me the microphone…”said about: citywalk's rising star« top of pagesaid by nightclubs...official descriptions are posted by an owner or a representative of the establishment.“full bar / liquor service”“20 cocktail waitresses wearing bikini theme outfit! top notch bottle service. live concer…”posted by: senoritas night club“dance, top40, house, mashups”“billed as orlando's premier dance lounge and and laid back happy hour. we boast a classic…”posted by: vintage lounge“sobe night club comes to orlando with hot new club”“south beach night club owners bring orlando the hottest new club to hit the city with off…”posted by: off limits night club“beer bar and retail store offered over 500 beers & wines”“world of beer is a beer bar and retail store offering over 500 beers from around the worl…”posted by: world of beer« top of pageevents at orlando nightspotstini tuesday host sassy devine will be offering $2 martinis from 8pm until midnight and troy david spearhead kara… nightlife - gay & lesbian pulse nightclub 407-649-3888every tue on call college night nazhoni will be hosting college hip-hop night every wednesday. on this night only, 18 and over can e… nightlife - gay & lesbian pulse nightclub 407-649-3888every wed mix for your music and vocals, the mix features dj daisy and for your viewing pleasure, miss sassy devin… nightlife - gay & lesbian pulse nightclub 407-649-3888every fri dj / karaoke every friday 7pmtill close dj / karaoke good times fun it's your party..come on have a great time.… nightlife - dj even par pub (howard johnson enchantedland)every fri agent orange alternative music performance… music - alternative rock west end trading companysat 2/22/25 cindy kaza international clairvoyant performing live… performance funny bone comedy clubthu 1/30/25 joselito dapuppet comedic performance live… performance - comedic funny bone comedy clubthu 3/20/25 ari shaffir comedic performance live… performance - comedic funny bone comedy clubwed 3/26/25 « top of pageother links:celebrations and holidaysdeepfake awareness daynational metaverse daydigital twin daymetroguide.network > nightguide > orlando home page« top of page 
© 1996-2025, metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsnightguide, nightguide.network, nightguide.community and nightguide orlando are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.to submit your nightclub, please use our online form.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguide attractionguide
orlando nightclubs:our readers'3 smile favoriteslattitudes (chillers)the vanguard - flcasey's on centralmuldoon'ssalsa latina night clubfusion ultra loungesportstown billiardsone-eyed jack'sla nueva carambola night clubatlantic dance hallthe haven at forsythicebar orlandodragon roomsharky's sports barfinnhenry's





