




age of wonders 2 heaven

















age of wonders 2 heaven




menu

news

current news
news archives

community

forums
wizards ladder
tournaments
interviews

library

f.a.q. aow:sm
f.a.q. aow2
strategy
scenario design aow:sm
scenario design aow2
mod making
pbem
online
walkthroughs
cheats
hotkeys

downloads

download central
scenarios
modpacks
misc. files
new releases
best of aow2h
review guidelines

game info

game features
story
races
units aow:sm
units aow2
unit abilities aow:sm
unit abilities aow2
wizards
wizard skills
spells aow:sm
spells aow2
heroes
artifacts
city structures
tech tree
special locations
combat
multiplayer
scenario editor
demo
patches
lost wonders

media

press (reviews)
screenshots
animations
music

about us

building aow2h
staff bios
heavengames










welcome to age of wonders heaven!

download the unofficial age of wonders: shadow magic 1.4 patch from the downloads section right here.
here's the old official 1.3 patch. the unofficial patch 1.4 includes 1.3 as well, so we recommend just patching from the above link.
discuss strategy or ask for help in our friendly forums!
download & submit your own custom scenarios.
you can purchase a copy of aow:sm from here: gog or steam.
for information about the previous game, age of wonders 2: the wizard's throne, see our aow2 f.a.q.
for information about the original game, age of wonders, see aow heaven.



the patch is here!!!
posted by chowguy on march 30, 2016
it's been a long time coming, but unofficial patch 1.5 for aow shadow magic is finally out. the orange winged wonder (no, not chickenman, just swolte ;)) has posted and announcement in the general discussions forum with a direct link. to it on dropbox. i expect it will be added to the download section shortly as well. so be sure to check in for the latest status.



the first reviews are in
posted by chowguy on april 4, 2014
coming up on the end of its first week, so far the press has been fairly quiet but the first post-release reviews of aow3 are leaking out. perhaps that's because as a self-publisher triumph doesn't have the press budget of the big houses, but any news is good news.the reviews themselves are on the whole generally favorable, though not gushingly so. ign for example leads off withfor a strategy game, having two distinct modes—a world map and tactical battles—is a risky move. if either the tactical or strategic side is significantly better than the other, then the weaker half can feel like a distraction from the good bits. this is exactly the case with age of wonders iii. it does all the little things right with its fantasy tactical battles, but it struggles to find its footing on the larger, strategic scale.of course, being "weaker" is only relative, and when compared to the superlative, still a high bar to clear. the reviewer's final and admittedly personal verdict:still, it's a fairly successful return for a game series and style that seemed undeservedly buried.well hey, in a industry gone mad with rts and fps games, that's as much as one can hope for.polygon despite feeling that "the [campaign] story feels slightly overcooked" concedes that "as a tutorial to the random maps ... it's faultless." and we would hope, to the many fine user created scenarios that are sure to come. their overall conclusion? "age of wonders 3 is a challenging power fantasy." well, who here didn't see that coming?there's also plenty of comments on the oficial aow3 forums, the steam forums, and of course aow heaven's own aow3 sub-forum where, as always, you're invited to join the discussion.



hey kids! what time is it?
posted by chowguy on march 31, 2014
*honk* *honk* *honk* (*)age of wonders iii is available now for download on steam and gog!i think. don't have steam here, but the gog download is reportedly confirmed by ager sunicle here. the official site is apparently getting hammered, and still waiting on the first reviews. but come visit hg's aow3 sub-forum for the latest news as it develops.* and please don't tell me i'm the only one that gets that. i've already been called a grouchy old man once this week ;) 



aow 3 release info - update
posted by chowguy on february 28, 2014
more news is coming out about the impending release of age of wonders iii™, but as ager edi points out in the pbem "likely to be added later" thread, warranted or not, there is still a great deal of "fear, uncertainty, and doubt" going around. hopefully now that the devs (praise be their names) have loosened up the nda restrictions on beta-testers, we may see more of that cleared up. his post is too long to summarize adequately, but you can read the entire thing here. comments of course are still welcome.



aow iii - preorders announced
posted by chowguy on february 26, 2014
originally posted by lennart sas, at ageofwonders.comnow, after more than 3 years of development and more than 10 years of waiting from the fans, triumph studios is ready to confirm the release date for age of wonders iii: march 31st!pre-orders have started at steam and gog.com and at retail in select territories. we have a digital regular and deluxe edition available. the latter adds the truly epic dragon’s throne scenario and a fabulous two hour soundtrack; don’t miss out on this! and we have added a free pre-order gift: the elven resurgence scenario, which takes the series’ back to its roots in the ancient heartwood forest.as always, comments in hg's own aow iii subforum are welcome.








age of wonders ii™ is a game by triumph studios and published by gathering of developers.
age of wonders ii heaven copyright © 1997-2025 heavengames llc. all rights reserved. written permission is required if you want to use any materials published on this website for use on your own website, in its original form, or translated into other languages.
privacy statement | disclaimer











age of wonders
looking for info about the original aow?visit aow heaven!

heavengames sites

main portal
age of empires
age of empires 3
age of kings
age of mythology
age of wonders
age of wonders 2
battle for middle earth 2
caesar 3
caesar 4
children of the nile
emperor:rotmk
empire at war
empire earth
empire: total war
empires: dotmw
medieval 2: total war
napoleon: total war
pharaoh
rise & fall:caw
rise of legends
rise of nations
rome: total war
stronghold
stronghold 2
sw:galactic battlegrounds
total war: shogun 2
zeus







