





s-w-b-a.com

















































skip to navigation
skip to content

 

welcome to swba
bluegrass recipe book
the primary purpose of swba


 


main navigation













welcome to swba 

we are a large organization of bluegrass  pickers and grinners in the southwest united states (mostly in california) that camp together at festivals and jam all night & day! member bluegrass bands get a free web page here. the southwest bluegrass association (swba) promotes bluegrass music with a bi-monthly newsletter, information about bluegrass festivals, campouts, weekly bluegrass house jams and school education programs. our web pages include information  about swba, bluegrass member bands w/streaming audio, board of directors, bluegrass practice tips for bluegrass instruments (banjo, guitar, mandolin, dobro, bass), bluegrass events list, bluegrass cartoons, join swba form,  550+ bluegrass links and much more. enjoy your visit with us!
featured band
the schankman twins, dana on banjo and lauren on fiddle, have been members of swba for many years. some of our members have had the pleasure of watching them grow and develop into top notch professional musicians and entertainers. both dana and lauren study music at ucla. their current recording “duality” had the song “waterbound” on the bluegrass charts for 15 months. they have played all over the country at bluegrass festivals and are currently working on a new recording project for rounder records. recently their brother michael alden has joined the band playing the bass and adding his amazing voice to the mix. ralph stanley said it best, “we’ll be hearing a lot from these girls in years to come. they’ve got it!” we at swba wish the girls much success.
the southwest bluegrass association (swba) provides this web site to fulfill our purpose and objectives to promote bluegrass music. we realize this is a free service to all who visit our pages, and we sincerely thank you. however, if no one joined swba we would no longer exist. if you love bluegrass like we do, please join so we can continue to provide this service to the community.









search for:



recent post





 



                  jams and jam etiquette                


july 28, 2016 11:40 am
|

                    by                    
                      hunter smith                    










 



                  loudest guitar                


april 1, 2015 11:02 am
|

                    by                    
                      hunter smith                    







upcoming gigs
february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jul
 
 
 

subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox.











						i consent to my submitted data being collected via this form*					










thank you for subscribing.
something went wrong.

we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously







 

			© s-w-b-a.com 2025
			
				•  themecountry powered by wordpress



















