






movers, blue apron cooking & long distance apartment moving companies






































 









search for:



 







toggle navigation








home
who we are
contact
gardening

moving a garden long distance
best organic meal kits

faqs about the blue apron meal delivery service




famous gardens
 


















 




					category: 
dallas relocation guide

published: october 9, 2017

tags: dallas, homes and gardens, moving to dallas, relocation guide


dallas relocation home and garden guide



if you are looking for a worthy place to live, then dallas is an ideal location. the ninth largest city in the united states and a top tourist destination, dallas is home to numerous appealing attractions. dallas and fort worth, tx offer something exciting for everyone to do no matter your interests. dfw is home to thriving delicious restaurants, arts, and many cultural scenes. wonderful neighborhoods and gorgeous parks are among many reasons why people love living in the dallas. if you are planning to move to the great city, below are a few suggestions that will ease your transition:
put your business into consideration
your plan to move should start with your business plan. the statistics show that the average age in the city is 33.5. this, therefore, makes it a fertile environment for business startups. if you have an established business, research thoroughly to determine if it will be conducive to conduct it at dallas or you can change due to market factors. it is also a city that is perfect for starting a new career.
diversity in culture
the cultural diversity in dallas is impeccable. it is evident in the fashion, food and art scenes, and the number of immigrants to the city. a quarter of the dallas population is foreign-born, making this city a great place for learning about other cultures and people groups.

choose the moving time wisely
most movers will advise you to move during the winter season to save money. although moving will depend on your schedule, cooler months are more ideal. the city gets 100 degrees during summer which can make a summertime transition exhausting. packing and looking for local assistance during summer can be daunting and draining but if you must move, request your hired professional to help you during the early morning and evening hours. moving during the off hours will help you avoid the scorching sun and extreme heat that occurs during the middle of the day.
the cost of living
if you want to move to dallas, you should consider digging deeper in your pocket. the housing prices are escalating, and the trend is expected to continue. the home values are estimated to increase by 11.7%. are you planning to rent? well, you will have to open your wallet. the city is rated the 18th highest among the 50 largest cities in the country. hence, ensure you have proper strategies on how to meet your costs and rental expenses.
public transportation
if you do not own a car, you need not worry because public transportation is readily available. however, it is prudent that you research comprehensively on the available modes of transport. the area’s rapid transit system will allow you to navigate dallas easily. if you want to travel from downtown dallas to the fort worth, the trinity railway express will be your ideal option.

dallas is an exciting place to live. it is a beautiful city endowed with rich culture and is a fertile environment for business, and is also a historical landmark. all you need to do is research widely, and your transition will certainly be seamless.




read more



 










					category: 
power of plants

published: june 2, 2017

tags: blue apron, cancel, delivery, faq, ingredient, meal, recipes


faqs about the blue apron meal delivery service



we recently ran an article on blue apron ingredients you can grow in your garden, and the response we received is overwhelming! many readers wrote in to tell us about their experience with this home meal delivery kit, while others had questions. we’ve written this particular editorial to answer some of those issues so that you can learn more about this excellent service.
blue apron is one of the most popular meal delivery services and is about to go public. with a subscription, you receive everything you need to cook delicious meals. in each box, you receive recipes created by a professional chef and all the ingredients you need to make the meals. it makes healthy and tasty home cooking incredibly easy. to learn more about blue apron, check out these frequently asked questions.
can i pick my meals?
you have some flexibility in choosing your meals, but there are limitations. each week, you can receive a meal plan blue apron chooses for you or you can modify some of the recipes. you won’t be able to choose from the full list of meals, but you will be able to choose from several different options. you must make your desired changes by a certain date, so if you’re a picky eater, you have to pay attention and act in time.
how long does the food last?
blue apron has a freshness guarantee. if any of the ingredients aren’t still looking fresh within seven days, they will fix it. the customer service experience is pretty smooth and reliable. you just send them a picture of your ingredient that doesn’t live up to expectations, and they’ll take care of it pretty quickly.
is there a plan for just a single person?
unfortunately, the smallest plan they offer is for two people. if you’re an individual just cooking for yourself, you can just make the full amount and save the rest for a second meal the next day or later in the week. or, you can always invite someone over to try your new cooking skills. blue apron currently offers plans for two people and family plans to serve four people.
what if i have no cooking experience? will i be able to handle these recipes?
this service is designed to help people who have little to no cooking experience succeed. the recipe cards have clear instructions with excellent pictures that make it easy to follow along. you will impress yourself with your newfound culinary prowess!
can i cancel if i don’t like it?
one of the biggest perks of the service is that you can cancel or skip meals at any time. read here for more information on how to cancel blue apron.
how long does it take to cook each meal?
each meal will take 30-60 minutes to make.
what if i’m a vegetarian?
blue apron has you covered. you can specify if you’re vegetarian or if you eat meat or fish. if you’re on another diet plan, like low carb or gluten-free, blue apron might be a challenge. there is some flexibility in choosing your meals, but it might not meet your needs entirely. for additional meal plan options, check out boxedmealz.com for more services and diet specific options.
why is it called blue apron?
when chefs are in training, they often wear blue aprons. once they reach a certain level of culinary excellence, they graduate to a classic white apron. blue apron is a fantastic introduction to cooking, so it makes sense to wear the traditional look of a chef in training.




read more



 





 




					category: 
texas gardens

published: march 22, 2017

tags: arboretum, botanical gardens, dallas, flowers, notable gardens, roses, seasonal


an inside look at the dallas arboretum and botanical gardens



with a beautiful natural setting that’s designed to awaken your senses and spark imagination, the dallas arboretum and botanical garden is a top dfw attraction. whether you’re visiting the city of dallas or live in the area, here’s an inside look at dallas’ most popular garden. a brief history situated.




read more



 





 




					category: 
power of plants

published: january 9, 2017

tags: best office plants, house plants, low maintenance plants, office plants


best plants to brighten up your workspace



nobody likes to work in a dull or stale workspace, especially if you work long hours behind a desk day after day. if you don’t have any other tasks outside of the office or have the luxury of traveling for your job, you’re probably resigned to the same dull space.




read more



 





 




					category: 
gardening

published: december 27, 2016

tags: arizona, desert, gardening, growing, irrigation, phoenix


real estate spotlight | how to make a home garden in the phoenix desert



when i lived on the east coast, i had a flourishing garden that burst to life every spring after the winter frost melted. the daffodils were always the first sign of the summer to come, followed by a rainbow of tulips, roses, hydrangeas, and peonies. i loved spending the warm days of spring tending my garden, so when my husband announced he was getting transferred to phoenix, i was devastated. i thought my days of gardening were over, but i was completely wrong.
gardeners used to an ample supply of rain, like myself, might find the drastic change of living in a desert climate to be a bit of a challenge. the temperatures in phoenix are considerably higher than they are in other parts of the country. on some summer days, it can get to be as high as 120 degrees fahrenheit. the hot sun dries up the ground and shrivels everything that isn’t strong enough to survive. but this doesn’t mean that all hope of having a garden is lost. read on for some tips on how to get your plants to thrive in the desert.
know if you’re moving, movers can’t take plants
when we moved, there were a few plants i really wanted to bring with me. i called the phoenix movers we had hired to handle our interstate move and asked if my potted plants could be transported along with the rest of our household items. unfortunately, they said that weren’t allowed to transport plants because they were perishable and wouldn’t survive the trip. i ended up carrying a select few houseplants in my car that i knew would be able to survive inside.
choose the right plants
most people automatically assume that the only plants that they will be able to grow in the desert are cacti, but this isn’t true. many plants flourish in the heat. the trick is to purchase only those in the xeroscape section of the plant store. look for plants that have thick waxy leaves that prevent the loss of moisture, such as succulents, or those with woody stems that won’t wilt. check out these recommendations from the local elgin nursery and tree farm:

acacia
arizona mesquite
yucca
bougainvillea
sage
agave
hummingbird bush
oleander
olive trees

citrus trees, including grapefruit, oranges, lemons, and limes, also grow remarkably well in the phoenix climate.
carefully prepare the soil
the desert floor has very little nutrition in it, so it is essential that the garden soil is built-up with fertilizers and compost. this will help the plants to stay strong even in stressful environmental conditions. it may take some trial an error to get the area just right for planting. it helps to purchase a soil test kit, so you can do this more accurately.
use a drip system
if you water your garden in the middle of the day in phoenix, most of it will evaporate. then, the water won’t be able to seep into the ground deep enough to help the plants survive. the trick is to water in the morning or late evening with a drip system. if you can’t afford a drip system, you can make your own with an old garden hose. cap off the end of it where the water usually comes out. then, poke holes in the hose with a small screwdriver or knife. set the hose on the ground by your plants. turn the water on at its lowest setting. it should trickle out just a little at a time.
preserve moisture with mulch
another trick for helping plants in a desert garden is to add a thick layer of mulch over the top of the soil. before you add the mulch, lay down some old newspapers. this will help to keep the weeds from growing through. buy mulch that is made from the bark of hardwood trees. it will last longer than other shredded varieties. hardwood mulches can be purchased in several different colors, but the dyes can leach into the garden beds. go for a brand that is natural instead.
by following these tips, you too can have a healthy, beautiful garden, even in the middle of the desert!




read more



 





 




					category: 
gardening

published: october 12, 2016

tags: benefits, gardening, physical, prison, psychological, rehab, therapy


how horticulture can double as therapy



any avid gardener will tell you gardening provides many benefits in addition to providing a beautiful landscape and a regular supply of fresh flowers or vegetables. freeing yourself from the stresses of daily life and focusing on your little patch of dirt provides physical and emotional benefits and is an.




read more



 





 




					category: 
gardening

published: september 27, 2016

tags: clippings, cuttings, garden, moving, replanting, transplant


most effective strategies for moving a garden



you’re ready to move, take on a new adventure, but what about the beautiful landscape you put so much sweat and love into? you’d love to be able to just take it all with you, but can you really do that? sometimes a plant has sentimental value, like the blueberry bush this author transplanted to his new space so his kids could continue plucking off the sweet fruit; sometimes there is just far too much sweat equity invested to leave the entire garden. regardless of your reason for wanting to dig up and move your shrubs and flowers, here are some handy tips for bringing some pieces of your old garden to your new home.
most plants can be successfully transplanted if you follow a few general guidelines.
what to take and when
the best transplants are healthy, young plants. for those moving to a new state, make sure to check the usda climate zone of your destination state to ensure that the plants you are bringing along will actually survive in their new home. many plants that grow well in the north will get scorched by the unrelenting southern sun, while many plants that do well in southern states may not survive colder winters. if possible, attempt to transplant in late fall or early spring while the plants are still dormant.
preparing plants for the move
if any of the plants have top growth remaining, prune the plant down. when digging up your plant, be careful not to cut off the large leading roots. damaging the root system can set the plant back when establishing its root system in a new location. when lifting the plant, be sure to support the root ball from the bottom. protect the roots of the plant while in transit, cover the roots with wet burlap and make sure the root ball remains moist. while transit won’t be a huge issue for those moving locally, those moving out of state will want to do a little more planning. nationwide long distance movers, great guys, recommends letting your mover know ahead of time that you’ll be moving plants along with the rest of your household goods. it will help your movers plan how they will pack the moving truck since moving plants is a little trickier than moving boxes and furniture. if you’re transplanting several plants, it will likely require a larger moving truck.
replanting your garden
when placing the plant in its new location, dig a hole at least twice the size of the root ball of the plant. fill the new hole with water and let it drain, then fill the hole again, about a fourth of the way, before placing the plant in it. when placing the plant in its new location, be careful not to break the roots. add dirt, gently packing the dirt into the roots. straighten the plant and stake it if it needs a little support. then, water, water, water. it may take up to a year for your plant to establish itself in the new location.
alternative transplanting techniques
but what if your real estate contract prohibits you from leaving large holes in your landscaping? you can still bring some of your garden with you by growing new plants from cuttings. this may is a more practical approach for those moving far away. plants grown from cuttings will be clones of the parent plant. the age of the stems from which the cuttings are taken determine the type of cuttings used to successfully grow a new plant.
different types of cuttings
• stem section cuttings are taken from plants with cane-like stalks, such as dieffenbachia and dracaena. stem section cuttings are taken from a long stem of the plant.
• softwood cuttings are taken from new shoots and are best taken during late spring or early summer. most deciduous shrubs, such as crape myrtles, hydrangeas and lilacs can be grown from softwood cuttings.
• tip cuttings are taken from the growing tip of the stem of the plant, slightly below a node. many varieties of herbs can be grown from tip cuttings.
• root cuttings are taken from the roots of a dormant plant. perennials plants, such as poppies, or woody plants, like sumac, can be grown from root cuttings.
• leaf cuttings can be taken from whole leaves, such as succulents or leaf stems, such as with begonias.
• basal cuttings are taken from a branch of the plant, near the main stem. basal cuttings can be taken from perennials, such as daisies, delphiniums and lupines.
• semi-ripe cuttings are generally best when taken in the summer from slightly matured stems of that season. climbing plants, such as bougainvillea or shrubs, such as camellias respond well to semi-ripe cutting.
• hardwood cuttings are best when taken in fall and winter from mature, woody stems and planted in the spring. roses can be grown from hardwood cuttings.
• heel cuttings contain a part of the main stem of the plant. many shrubs, such as pyracantha, need this piece of the old stem for successful rooting.
you may miss your former home and garden, but with just a minimal amount effort, you can bring a piece of your old home to your new one.




read more



 





 




					category: 
gardening

published: september 19, 2016

tags: gardens, patio, plants, small spaces, urban oasis


top tips for growing a lush patio garden



live in the city, but long for a little green in your environment? do not let a lack of space keep you from the joys of growing your own plants and decorating your outdoor space. movers in new york city know better than anyone that space in places like manhattan comes at a premium. over the years, top-rated mover, imperial moving (facebook | vimeo | twitter) , has helped countless new yorkers settle-in for life in the big apple. their job sometimes entails moving and rearranging clients’ patio gardens – from a small collection of containers to rather grand terraces with oversized pots. they’ve found that even with just a small patio, you can create an urban oasis using containers. whether your taste runs for the ornamental or the edible or a little of both, container gardens can brighten up your outdoor space, provide you with an opportunity to commune with nature, and a place try your hand at gardening. here are some tips for creating a lush patio garden of your own:
configuring your garden
think vertically when considering your patio garden. make use of vertical space to create a “green wall”. there are a variety of vertical garden designs, both do-it-yourself and commercially made. some use a “pocket” style concept for your plants. other vertical gardens have been constructed to serve as a privacy wall with hanging plant containers.
place planters in a tiered configuration to maximize space or try stacking containers for unique visual appeal. upcycled pallets can make be transformed into unique gardening containers and can be used vertically or horizontally as beds.
plant a variety of plants in one container. be sure the plants have the same sunlight and moisture requirements, then go for color and visual interest.
select the appropriate plants

generally, smaller varieties work best in a container garden. plants that are “compact” or “dwarf” have been specially developed for container gardening and will thrive in this smaller environment. in order to maximize space, you may want to consider planting herbs in the pots along with other plants. just don’t try employing this strategy with invasive herbs like lemon balm, spearmint, or any other member of the mint family. these invasive species will choke out your other plants, so it’s best for them to be planted in their own containers.
you’ll also want to select plants that are appropriate for your zone according to the usda plant hardiness map and the amount of sun or shade your patio receives. your local garden shop will likely carry plants that are appropriate for the local climate, just be sure to read the labels to see how much sun each variety requires.
considerations for containers
choose the biggest container you can for the spot. for vegetables such as tomatoes, cucumbers or peppers, a diameter of 18” works well. herbs and lettuce can grow in smaller (8” diameter) pots.
choose lightweight containers to make moving your plants easier. keep in mind that clay pots will dry out faster than plastic, as the clay absorbs water from the soil. when selecting containers, make sure they complement your outdoor style and color scheme. galvanized containers are really popular at the moment, and can be found in a variety of shapes and sizes that make nice groupings. you may want to invest in some plant caddies with castor to make moving large containers easier.
pump up the wow factor 
try one or all of the following tips to really make your garden dynamite:

if you live in a warmer climate, consider zesting up your patio garden with some citrus trees. these grow well in pots, and are not only beautiful, but provide a steady supply of fruit. just remember citrus trees need to be protected from frost.
miniature or dwarf varieties of roses provide color and fragrance for your patio space, and they are perennials, so you can enjoy to blooms year after year. be sure the roses are in a sunny location in order to thrive.
group pots together, using a variety of heights and diameters. not only is this visually appealing, but it also helps to create a humid mini climate for your plants. make use of railings by using them to hang long containers and baskets of plants. window boxes are great for growing herbs or even strawberries.
shrubs can be planted in containers, but consider the mature size of the shrub and growth rate. slow growers with a compact shape are best.
really spice things up with some homegrown peppers. these grow well in containers as long as they are place in a warm, sunny spot.
try succulents for a low maintenance option. provide your succulents with plenty of sun and water sparingly.
train flowering vines, such as jasmine or clematis, on a small trellis or on a post. then, add shade loving potted shrubs, such as hydrangeas, to the shady spots on your patio.

with minimal planning and effort, you can transform a nondescript patio into a luscious garden retreat.




read more



 





 




					category: 
gardening

published: september 15, 2016

tags: delivery, food, garden, homegrown, meal kit, service


blue apron for your green thumb – inspired additions from garden to plate



we love the idea of blue apron, plated, green chef, hello fresh, and other meal kit delivery services that are making mealtime fun again with fresh, bold ingredients and inventive recipes. not only do these services allow you to try newly inspired dishes, they make cooking easy, with pre-measured ingredients,.




read more



 










					category: 
texas gardens

published: september 2, 2016

tags: botanical, conservancy, gardens, japanese, public, san antonio


san antonio home and garden real estate overview



you would be hard-pressed to find a city more charming than san antonio. steeped in history, with a colorful heritage, san antonio offers a wide variety of entertainment and vacation opportunities. for the garden enthusiast, san antonio’s eclectic blend of gardens can be quite intriguing. the following san antonio gardens are open to the public and highly recommended from a local moving company:
san antonio botanical garden
after decades of vision and planning, the san antonio botanical garden officially opened on may 3, 1980. the garden spans 38 acres of exquisite color with each season offering a unique palette. the gardens include the lucile halsell conservatory, featuring tropical foliage, and the rose garden. a number of stunning formal gardens are scattered throughout the grounds along with the herb garden and the old fashioned garden. the biblical garden features plants from biblical times or you can indulge your senses of sight and smell in the sensory garden.
learn about native vegetation from the various regions of texas along the texas native trail. low water landscaping featuring drought tolerant plants can be found along water saver lane and in the water saver garden. explore the finely crafted structures and intricate beauty of the japanese garden. visit the children’s garden, which is actually cultivated by san antonio children.
the garden is open year-round except for thanksgiving, christmas day and new year’s day. in addition to touring the gardens, the garden offers a variety of events, such as wine and beer samplings, art exhibits, family programs, pet-friendly events and plant sales. a café is available on the grounds.
japanese tea garden
located in brackenridge park, by the zoo and a short distance from the downtown area, the japanese tea garden provides a tranquil oasis in the midst of the city of san antonio. the garden was originally constructed in 1919 on land that was formerly a rock quarry. from the quarry, an intricate complex was formed to include stone arches, bridges, walkways, an island and a japanese pavilion. the garden underwent extensive renovations and reopened in 2008.
the japanese tea garden is listed on the national register of historic places. the garden is designated as a texas civil engineering landmark and a registered texas historic landmark.
you can visit the japanese tea garden daily from 7 am to 8 pm. a restaurant in located in the garden.
landa conservancy community garden
the landa community garden was started in 2007 by the landa gardens conservancy. on the grounds of the landa branch of the san antonio public library, the garden is based on a medieval theme with the four components of a medieval garden: fragrance, beauty, culinary and medicinal.
the grounds of the landa conservancy feature beautiful landscaping, a pavilion, walking paths, benches, and a playground in addition to the community garden. the landa conservancy hosts a variety of activities throughout the year including: children’s story time, live music and family events. the garden and grounds are available for private events.




read more



 





 




					category: 
famous gardens

published: august 30, 2016

tags: botanical gardens


the best gardens west of the mississippi



there are beautiful gardens all over the united states, but west of the mississippi things are different.  you can find alpine flowers in the rockies, desert plants througout arizona and new mexico and the pacific northwest has yet a completely different ecosystem. here are some of the best gardens west of.




read more



 





 




					category: 
gardening

published: 

tags: beneficial insects, insects


friend or foe: what to know about the insects in the garden



what to know about the insects in your garden trying to keep insects out of your garden is an impossible task, but that’s not a bad thing.  having a wide variety of insect life in your garden is good for biodiversity and most of the insects you see are beneficial.




read more



 





search

search for:



garden supplies 


fall clean up horticultural societyan error has occurred, which probably means the feed is down. try again later. 
































									copyright © 2025 | gardens west. 								

privacy policy













