


gradebookwizard.com - online gradebook and class website builder for teachers
		and schools













login | register | contact us | demo



complete online grade book and class website solution

					sign up for your free 30-day trial today!












































 grade any time anywhere





 compute term & final grades






 use assignment weighting





 track attendance





 create class website





 publish assignments online






 run full range of reports





 import and export data































 access class website





 review assignments





 communicate with teacher





 track student progress





 review class schedule





 get class information





 check pta information





 online permission slips

























 access class website





 check assignments online





 communicate with teacher





 track your grades online





 review class schedule





 get class information























































































































subscription rates are per teacher. there
												is no extra cost for student and parent accounts. 
													gradebookwizard subscriptions are available to teachers, schools, and
												districts. please contact us for more details on school and district pricing.



























 import student & class data





 export term & final grades





 set grading standards





 run school-wide reports
















































gradebookwizard is a powerful online
								gradebook, attendance tracking, and class website solution for teachers, schools,
								and districts. teachers can access their gradebook from any pc or mac with internet
								access. they can use their class website to post assignments, instructions,
								grades, announcements, and handouts for students and parents to access
								through individual, secure logins.

gradebookwizard allows teachers to spend
								less time on administrative tasks, parents to stay more informed about their children's
								progress, and students to become more motivated. click on any of the topic areas
								above to learn more about how gradebookwizard
								can help you!

								at the district or school level, gradebookwizard
								allows grading criteria, such as grade scale percentages, to be standardized across
								all classes. student records are centralized so that student information is
								entered only once. student data can be loaded from a student information system,
								and student grades exported in a variety of configurable file formats.

gradebookwizard subscriptions are available
								to individual teachers, to schools, and to entire districts. substantial discounts
								apply to district- and school-wide subscriptions.

"this is by far the best online gradebook available on the market today. nothing
									else even comes close to the features of gradebookwizard. teachers can set up multiple
									classes with full support for multiple subjects per class, an absolute requirement
									for elementary school teachers that no other online grading software has. each class
									comes with its own website that is accessible to both students and parents through
									individual logins. teachers can use this website to post instructions, grades, announcements,
									track attendance, and even create custom web pages including graphics and pictures.
									i highly recommend gradebookwizard to any teacher at any grade level."                   
								- e. j. arias, 4th grade teacher
gradebook grade book gradebook software gradebook grade
								book gradebook software























































privacy |
							terms of service |
							contact us








							©2003-2022 blue pegasus llc. all rights reserved.










