






adcare educational institute of new england – supporting substance use disorder prevention, intervention, treatment, and recovery services































skip to content



adcare educational institute of new england
supporting substance use disorder prevention, intervention, treatment, and recovery services








home
about us
summer school
best practices school
resources
our history
contact us
join email list!







 
workforce development
addressing substance use disorders
learn more


























56th annual new england summer school of addiction and prevention studies 
new england summer school - june 2 - 5, 2025
the 56th summer school will again be offered in a hybrid format this year!
join the email list!
subscribe to our email list to receive notifications about the summer school and other new england regional programs!
presenter course proposals
proposal deadline: december 30, 2024

online course proposal link: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/nesas25_proposals
about the summer school


participants can choose an "in-person" attendance option or a virtual attendance option.
select from intensive courses from across the continuum of treatment, prevention, and recovery.
in addition to courses: plenary sessions, community, and more!
virtual courses will take place live by videoconference, allowing for course group work and interaction.
each morning, the program will begin with a plenary session, which will be viewed by both in-person and virtual attendees. after the plenary, virtual participants will attend virtual courses and in-person participants will attend in=person classes.
options are available to attend the full program, or any number of days.
earn up to 26 contact hours.
partial new england state scholarships are available.

the new england school of addiction and prevention studies, commonly called summer school, is a multi-day intensive experience for participants to further their knowledge, skills, and experience in the field of substance use disorder services through in-depth coursework. in today’s workplace, where training time is greatly limited, the valuable experience of attending the intensive summer school, developing skills and gaining knowledge, while accessing a strong professional network from across new england, can be transformative.
to view the 2024 summer school program, click here.
 
 
 



















33rd annual new england school of best practices in addiction services 
virtual new england school of best practices in addiction services - august 25 - 29, 2025
subscribe to our email list to receive notifications about the best practices school and other new england regional programs!
 this year's program will be held virtually:
select from intensive courses each from across the continuum of treatment, prevention, and recovery, including offerings for established professionals.
3rd annual psychologist track for psychologists and advanced clinicians is available, with psychologist ces!.
the best practices program features clinical supervision coursework.
6th annual advanced prevention track!
courses will take place live by videoconference, allowing for participant interaction;
in addition to courses: plenary sessions, virtual community, and more!
options are available to attend the full program, or any number of days.
partial new england state scholarships are available from most new england states.
earn up to 26 contact hours.

this multi-day event gives established addiction professionals the opportunity for in-depth study of an area of special interest. the program includes advanced clinical and administrative skilled-based treatment in best practices and evidence-based practices treatment approaches, as well as a current and emerging best opioid treatment practices, advanced prevention coursework, psychologist coursework, and clinical supervision and management training.
to view the 2024 best practices school program, click here!.
 



















educating new england's behavioral health workforce 
through our signature summer school and other programs, adcare educational institute of new england is pleased to have supported our region's professional development for 50 years. in addition to our summer schools, professional development initiatives have recently included:

the new england addiction technology transfer center's leadership development program;
collaboration with regional behavioral health and general healthcare partners on addiction medicine symposiums, forums, and other educational events;
regional workforce development forum; and
support for other regional educational and workforce development.

learn more 



















55 + years serving new england's workforce
we are a new england non-profit partnership with over 55 years of experience offering continuing education for those working in preventing, treating, and supporting recovery from addictive disorders.
 
































join our email list...
subscribe to our email list to receive notifications about the summer school and other new england regional programs!





join email list






















follow us


contact usneias@neias.orgphone: 207-621-2549fax: 207-623-0556po box 742
augusta, me 04332


a program of adcare educational institute, inc.









	copyright © 2019 adcare educational institute, inc. — ascension wordpress theme by godaddy











