



	society for health systems




























































my account 

advertise 






















create account
|

login






















  


  


  


  


  









home

about shs


overview


what is shs


shs board of directors


committees


shs bylaws


shs scholarship fund


volunteer opportunities



membership


join now


membership directory


diplomate application


diplomates



tools & resources


tools & resources by category


newsletters


case studies & tools


conference proceedings


covid-19 think tanks


recorded webinars


publications



training


events and training


seminars


webinars


my online on-demand courses



events


hspi conference


process improvement leadership forum



careers


careers home


find a job


post a job


salary survey 2021



students


students home


student faq


shs scholarship








































                                            healthcare labor management online on-demand

                                        

                                            in this training course, learn the critical aspects of designing and executing a comprehensive labor management program for your health facility at your own pace.

                                        

















welcome to the society for health systems
the society for health systems, the preeminent organization for healthcare engineers, is the meeting of minds for     health systems professionals and leaders like you. shs offers a wide network of colleagues, experts and resources     outside your organization, along with the latest and best process analytics, tools, techniques and methodologies for
                                performance improvement and opportunities for professional development.


 “membership has helped me in my career because it has given me an avenue of continual learning and growth.
            plus, i
            have had the chance to meet so many others that i've been able to build relationships with and i can call on
            them whenever i need advice or another perspective on my specific problems. i also enjoy mentoring others,
            and i
            feel i've been able to positively impact the careers and lives of others, which gives me a sense of
            fulfillment
            in my career and professional life.” 
– aaron kanne, director of industrial engineering, wellstar health system

here’s what you earn with shs membership

build connections. network with other healthcare industry professionals through the annual healthcare systems process improvement conference and shs networking events. gain exclusive access to the iise membership directory. participate in the shs mentoring program.
increase your skills. learn from others’ success work at the healthcare systems conference. learn new improvement skills at a conference intensive. listen in on an shs educational webinar about current healthcare issues. read about best practices in ise magazine. find out which universities have healthcare engineering programs to further your academic education.
develop professionally. improving your public speaking skill by presenting your work at conference. polish your writing skills by authoring an article in ise magazine. volunteer with shs and learn a new ability or gain valuable leadership skills.
get recognized. learn your worth with shs’s annual salary survey report. attain a scholarship for university education or to attend the hpsi conference. win the student simulation competition. earn the shs diplomate designation to demonstrate your commitment to your profession.
give back. share your experiences with a mentee. provide feedback on conference presentations. contribute to the scholarship fund. share information about your department and salary. volunteer your time and talent to one of the many shs committees.

 

join here 

contact customer service for more info at (770) 449-0460 or                                   
    cs@iise.org.
interested in speaking to an shs professional? contact membership coordinator, amy straub at                                   
    astraub@iise.org for more details.
members are elected to this board using a society-wide election each year in december. here is the                                   
    current shs board.































what do you want to do?

 join shs
 renew my membership 
    
 volunteer  
    
 donate
 find a job
 post a job
 advertise with shs
 exhibit with shs
 contact shs


























events









































connect with us


tiktok 

facebook 

instagram 

linkedin 

youtube              


what do you want to do?


join shs 

renew my membership
  

find a job |                                                                                                                                                                                       
            post a job 

advertise |                                                                                                                                                                                       
            exhibit 

contact shs           

links


about shs    

shs membership       

shs newsletter      

shs conference (hspi)     

healthcare management training       


 


career center      

awards & scholarships      

webinars      

iise conferences     

institute of industrial & systems engineers       

iie transactions on healthcare systems engineering               




terms of use 
privacy policy 

diversity + inclusion


© 2025 institute of industrial and systems engineers
























