





yossi milo











































yossi milo


skip to main content






menu

artists
exhibitions
art fairs
viewing rooms
publications
about








cart


0 items

$






checkout



item added to cart

view cart & checkout
continue shopping







menu







home













alina perez: family romance

on view through saturday, march 8, 2025












chris mccaw

online viewing roomfeaturing works from inverse, sunburn, heliograph, and poly-optic












artist talkalina perez in conversation with susanna temkin and isabella rafky

thursday, march 6, 20256:30 pm












alina perez: family romance

on view through saturday, march 8, 2025


















news
new edition from alina perez
"self portrait after tiresias" (2024)
january 15, 2025
alina perez has unveiled a new edition, a  lithograph titled self portrait after tiresias. published with petrichor press, the edition is the first of its kind from perez. the image was created by drawing directly onto the 800-pound stone, seen here at right. oriented vertically, this mirrored the posture and process the artist engages in her own studio. 









news
samuel fosso and sanlé sory at the museum of modern art
group exhibition: ideas of africa: portraiture and political imagination
opening december 15, 2025
photographs by samuel fosso and sanlé sory are included in the exhbition ideas of africa: portraiture and political imagination, which opens at the museum of modern art, new york, ny,...









news
renwick gallery of the smithsonian american art museum acquires work by ibrahim said
museum acquisition
january 24, 2025
ibrahim said's ' reflection' (2021) has been acquired by the the renwick gallery of the smithsonian american art museum in washington, d.c. 'reflection' was exhibited in said's debut exhibition with...









press
observer’s guide to the must-see gallery shows now on in new york
alina perez: family romance in observer
january 25, 2025
for her debut show with yossi milo new york, cuban-american artist alina perez unveils a striking new suite of pastel works that push her ongoing exploration of familial narrative and...









news
shikeith is a 2025 joan mitchell center artist-in-residence
january 22, 2025
shikeith has been selected for the 2025 joan mitchell foundation's artist-in-residence program. as part of a dynamic cohort of 35 artists, shikeith joins 21 artists from across the united states...









news
brooklyn museum acquires work by ibrahim said
museum acquisition
december 5, 2024
ibrahim said's sculpture ' hourglass' (2021) has been acquired by the brooklyn museum, brooklyn, ny. this sculpture played a central role in said's 2024 solo exhibition from thebes to cairo....









news
samuel fosso at the art institute of chicago
group exhibition: project a black planet: the art and culture of panafrica
on view through march 30, 2025
samuel fosso's 'le chef (celui qui a vendu l’afrique aux colons)' ('the chief: he who sold africa to the colonists') (1997) is included in project a black planet: the art...









news
special limited edition of mosaics
slipcases handmade by cameron welch for his debut monograph
november 6, 2024
for more information or to purchase the limited edition, please contact: info@yossimilo.com yossi milo is pleased to unveil a special limited edition of welch's debut publication mosaics. this limited edition...

















manage cookies



                    © yossi milo
            

                site by artlogic
        



instagram, opens in a new tab.twitter, opens in a new tab.join the mailing list








this website uses cookiesthis site uses cookies to help make it more useful to you. please contact us to find out more about our cookie policy.

manage cookies
accept

















cookie preferences
check the boxes for the cookie categories you allow our site to use




cookie options

 strictly necessary
required for the website to function and cannot be disabled.


 preferences and functionality
improve your experience on the website by storing choices you make about how it should function.


 statistics
allow us to collect anonymous usage data in order to improve the experience on our website.


 marketing
allow us to identify our visitors so that we can offer personalised, targeted marketing.



save preferences













close
join our mailing list





first name *



last name *



email *



phone *














signup





            * denotes required fields
        


            we will process the personal data you have supplied in accordance with our privacy policy (available on request). you can unsubscribe or change your preferences at any time by clicking the link in our emails.
        










