



  




















city of baltimore
























































skip to main content









city of baltimore





start by searching
	i.e. "how do i pay my parking ticket?" 

 
menu 
search 







close 


enter terms 


search





 

311 services
payments
mayor's office
news
directory
events

 


subscribe  

 


      
 












 











 
water4all  

 
read mayor scott’s first term accomplishments report.  

 
click here to visit the charmtv baltimore website  

 
learn more about available careers and how to apply.  

 
click here to learn about your new water bill!  

 
  

 
click here to see our social network connections  

 
baltimore city fair election fund  

 
mayor scott's build better bmore spring service sprint  

 
click here for winter storm updates  

 
click here to apply to participate.  

 
baltimore city budget 101  

 
see where mayor scott has been recently!  

 
executive order outlining administration of opioid restitution funds  

 
digital inclusion resourcesresidents have access to resources for computers, digital learning, and internet connections, and more!  

 
learn about baltimore city's strategy to help residents and communities overcome digital inequity.  

 
baltimore’s key bridge response 2024 action plan and incident resources  

 
  



 











key bridge response 2024 action plan










jobs












payments
      












accessibility services
      












visit baltimore bop pass












fair election fund












brooklyn homes after action reports
















comprehensive violence prevention plan biennial update 











water 4 all
      












executive orders













blockchain property search











vacants review memo
      










coronavirus












mayor's hbcu fellowship initiative





 

 








recent news


latest news, media and events 



mayor brandon scott situation update on the high wind warningmayor brandon m. scott issued a situation update regarding the high wind warning impacting baltimore and the region.  



mayor brandon scott situation update on the high wind warningmayor brandon m. scott issued a situation update regarding the high wind warning impacting baltimore and the region.  



mayor brandon scott names executive director of overdose response, announces members of opioid restitution advisory boardbaltimore, md (wednesday, february 12, 2025) - today, mayor brandon m.



baltimore mayor's office: midday update on winter storm managementmayor brandon m. scott issued the following midday update regarding the winter storm. the baltimore city emergency operations center (eoc) returned to normal operations as of 6:30 am. the office of emergency management in collaboration with the mayor’s office will continue to monitor weather forecasts, and projected conditions.   



baltimore mayor's office: delayed opening, up to two (2) hoursmayor brandon m. scott issued a update regarding city government efforts to confront the winter storm impacting baltimore and the region.  



view the newsroom 

 







mayor brandon m. scott 


 


brandon m. scott is the 52nd mayor of baltimore city, and the youngest person elected to the position in over a century. mayor scott is committed to ending gun violence, restoring public trust in local government, and building a more equitable baltimore for families to thrive. 

 
contact the mayormayor scott's bio
 


human trafficking
get help 
national human trafficking hotline24/7 confidential

for more information on human trafficking in maryland click here.
property claims reporting
do you need to report damage to city-owned property; including contents?  click here to submit your report.
please note your submission will be reviewed within 1 business day.
should you have any questions regarding the status of a previously reported incident please contact the bureau of risk management via email by clicking here.  please include your confirmation of submission id or claim number.
please note: damage to non-city property, such as resident's home or automobile, must be reported in person or by certified mail to the central bureau of investigation (cbi) located at 7 e. redwood street, 6th floor baltimore, md 21202

 

 









how do i?


  
 transportation & streets 

 trash, recycling, water 

 property, housing, development 

 business & finance 

 social & civic services 

 government & civil services 

 public safety & law 

 sustainability, resiliency, floodplain 

 culture & recreation 
 

see all answers 

 






request a 311 service


  
 housing - trash/weeds 

 illegal parking complaint 

 48 hour parking complaint 

 bulk trash pick up 

 dirty street cleaning 

 dirty alley cleaning 

 illegal dumping 

 water leak (exterior) 

 city trash or recycling cart lost/stolen 
 

311 services 

 

 













sign up for updates
want to receive city updates via email? subscribe



subscribe

 

 









 

 
city of baltimore


city hall - room 250 	100 n. holliday st, baltimore, md 21202 city operator: (410) 396-3100 

 
accessibility statementprivacy policyterms of use
 


contact

name *



email *



message *









leave this field blank 


captchathis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.




send

 







 

 


copyright © 2024 city of baltimore
	all rights reserved.









 

 


 

 


 




