






neuron laboratory

















 scroll to top


 

 




≡

neuron lab

opening screen
1. cells and ions
2. ionic currents
3. neuronlab simulator
4. synapse and dendrites
5. soma
6. axon
7. neuron
8. stdp
development notes

chapter 1
chapter 2
chapter 3
chapter 4
chapter 5
chapter 6


reference material


readings

secular buddhism
things you thought you knew
free will
made of meat
dragon crown
a epiphany
chess


cosmic rays

seti pixel
cosmic watch
cosmicpi
ergo

tools
pixels




breakthrough listen
seti

opening screen
home

new to seti net
about seti net
about the art
contact information


operations

active block diagram
sky map


engineering

seti hardware design

interconnection
seti kicad library
head end 
control box
control box power supply
control to rotor wiring
rs-232_to_rs-485
pic io
pic servo
pic servo sc


seti database

tools
sml

schema




notebook 
theads


database

open hits


... on a sky map
in depth

history of seti
its big
lagrange points
detection stratagy
the waterhole
wow
calculators
bruno award


constellations
targets (all)
.. at ra00 to ra05

ra 01
ra 02
ra 03
ra 04
ra 05


at ra 06 to ra 12

ra 06
ra 07
ra 08
ra 09
ra 10
ra 11
ra 12


at ra 13 to ra 19

ra 13
ra 14
ra 15
ra 16
ra 17
ra 18
ra 19


at ra 20 to ra 23 and special handling

ra 20
ra 21
ra 22
ra 23
special handeling












neuron laboratory project
sapere aude
 
what process in the brain allows us to participate in the moment ?
"more likely, we will take experience itself as a fundamental feature of the world, alongside mass, charge,and space-time. if we take experience as fundamental, then we can go about the business of constructing a theory of experience." 
d.j. chalmers 1995
neuroscience has a pretty good idea of how long term memories are created and stored in the brain (donald hebb's fire together/wire together), but this function requires an actual growth of interconnections in the brain and requires long periods of time - days to weeks to complete. learning to play a passage on the piano is this type of learning.
short term or working memory is being studied but there doesn't seem to be an agreement on the mechanical apparatus that does the work. remembering a list of numbers read to you five minutes ago is an example of this type of learning.
i want to understand the processes that allow us to be aware of our surroundings in the tens of milliseconds time frame. no one seems to have an idea on this, or at least i haven't run across it yet. needless to say - its complex. .
along the way, i wanted to present what i have found in a format that is accessible to others like myself - interested in the subject but not expert in it. i decided publish my learning process as well in near real time and this web site is the result. it will be continuously updated as i work on the project. 
i made the decision to move toward an understanding of the neuron using simulations rather than a exhaustive accounting of all neuron actions, bits and pieces. for this reason, the synapse topics like neural transmitters, rdna, re-uptake, etc are all ignored. they are completely covered in endless detail in other well written books and on-line classes many of which i used in this quest.
i don't consider my effort will result in a solution to the question only a way for me to gain an understanding using the tools i have at hand.
 

during this process i used several books and made use of on-line classes:
books:

principles of neural science - kandle and schwartz
neuroscience - bear, conne and paradiso
neuroscience - purvis et. al
dynamical systems in neuroscience - izhikevich
how to build a brain - ellasmith
the neuron book - carnevale and hines
from neuron to brain - wallace
theoretical neuroscience - dayan and abott

on-line classes

computational neuroscience - u. washington via coursera
simulation neuroscience - edx
medical neuroscience - duke via coursera
fundamental neuroscience - johns hopkins via coursera
fundamentals of neuroscience 1,2 and 3 - harvard online
cellular mechanisms of brain function epflx via brainx
circuits and electronics - mit via mitx
neuroscience - school of physics, university of sydney (ian.cooper@sydney.edu.au)


        this project consists of:
        
the cell and ions - description of the cell membrane and its chemical makeup. the movement of charged ions across the lipid bilayer and what is an ion channel. 
ionic currents - the electrical calculations of time and the effect of opening  an ion channel
neuronlab simulator - description and download link for the simulator along with a video for installation and basic operation. the simulator is for windows only.
synapse and dendrites - the synapse in this simulator adn the organization of the dendrite tree including calculations of the charge in the compartments. 
soma - the makeup of this vital part of a neuron and a simulator setup that illustrates the generation of the action potential using izhikevich neuron calculations.
axon - transmission of action potential down the axon compartments.
complete neuron - the complete operation of a simulated neuron with dendrites, soma and axons all firing. includes several videos of the neuronlab simulator in action.
neuron papers - a collection of publications on the subject
notes: - collection of thoughts and notes as the simulator was being built


my brain with neurons firing.



... yes that is my actual brain
would you want to live in a world like this?

guess what - its your world

dendrites 'growing' a memory
 
next - cells and ions
 





art by : stephan martiniere
 
 
questions - comments email me i will respond..




©2013 seti network



