


 canadiana














skip to main content














open menu





close menu





terms of service


english | français



facebook


twitter


linkedin





about


héritage


crkn


what's new


citation guide


contact us







      ﻿  








search this collection





search






help








the canadian municipal journal. : volume v, number 9 (september, 1909)











                      monographs
                    


            				the monographs collection, spanning three and a half centuries of canadian documentary history, holds rich primary materials exploring a wide range of subjects and disciplines.
            				read more »



browse this collection









                      serials: periodicals, annuals and newspapers
                    


            				the serials collection includes a wide range of dailies, weeklies, specialized journals and mass-market magazines, as well as city directories and annual reports from churches, schools, and corporations.
            				read more »



browse this collection









                      government publications
                    


            				the government publications collection includes over 1.7 million pages of historical pre-1920 colonial, provincial and federal government documents.
            				read more »



browse this collection









                      maps
                    


            				the maps collection currently contains nearly 22,000 canadian maps digitized from the 1:50,000 scale national topographic series. the maps date from 1905 to 2012 and cover all of the canadian provinces and territories.
            				read more »



browse by province/territory
                 or 
            
            
            			browse this collection





statement on problematic content and descriptions in canadiana

                the canadiana collections contain content created over five centuries that
                tell an incomplete, oftentimes distorted and, sometimes harmful, story of
                canada. the content, metadata, and resource descriptions in the canadiana
                collections contain language that reflects the biases, norms, and perspectives
                of the time in which they were created. this includes harmful and offensive
                wording, cultural references, and stereotypes. in order to accurately reflect
                the attitudes and viewpoints of the time in which these historical records
                were created, objects in the canadiana collections are unchanged. in
                recognition of the harmful or painful impact of language and images, crkn
                staff are actively committed to:
              


                  support and actively participate in efforts to update and change
                  international standards for descriptions to ensure that descriptions are
                  inclusive, respectful, and do not cause harm
                

                  replace inappropriate language in the metadata and resource descriptions
                  introduced during legacy cataloguing practices
                

this is an ongoing process.

                if you see records with inappropriate language or content that you think crkn
                should review, please fill out our
                review submission form.
              


 









terms of service

                © 2025 canadian research knowledge network
                

























