














weller haus bed, breakfast & event center: cincinnati























































				call (859) 391-8315 for assistance
			

availability







(859) 391-8315
home
gift certificates


availability
driving directions







menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
rooms

amenities
rooms

view all rooms
church steeple suite
rendezvous suite
margaret’s porch suite
dream suite
garden room


guest kitchen
inn policies
check availability
book now
gift certificates


enhance your stay

enhance your stay add-ons
bogo gift certificate promotion–bogo 2024
internet deals
gifts


info & photos

breakfast
bogo gift certificate promotion–bogo 2024
event calendar
the story of two pennies
photo galleries

inn and grounds
corporate and weddings




business travel
event center

corporate
facility rentals


weddings

wedding information
wedding and reception package
elopement packages
ceremony only packages
reception only package
rehearsal dinners & wedding showers
getting ready day package
corporate and wedding photos


things to do

area fun

amusements
arts/music/museums
food & beverage
parks & recreation
shopping & antiques
sports


pre-planned itineraries


find us

map
contact us


blog
 








weller haus bed, breakfast & event center










welcome to the weller haus bed, breakfast & event center!










bed and breakfast
the weller haus bed, breakfast & event center is a luxury property that strikes just the right balance of warmth and professionalism. our boutique accommodations offer exceptional hospitality and service where every detail is created to enhance the guest experience. ideal for privacy, these two 1885 historic homes offer modern conveniences with rooms that include large two-room suites, whirlpool spa tubs designed for a couple, and fireplaces.
the relaxing ambiance of stunning gardens, scrumptious breakfasts, and cozy common areas provide a break from the excitement of the greater cincinnati and northern kentucky region. our urban oasis is nestled in the historic river town of bellevue, kentucky, and is within walking distance to the many shops, restaurants and breweries of the area – as well as newport on the levee, newport aquarium, and the activities on cincinnati’s river front.
the bed and breakfast is in a central location, less than two miles from cincinnati’s business district; jack casino; the paul brown stadium (home of the cincinnati bengals); and great american ball park (home of the cincinnati reds). for the discerning business traveler, the romantic couple, or a family looking for a getaway, the weller haus bed, breakfast & event center is here to serve you. we take tremendous pride in making every moment count and having our guests feel right at home.

click to learn more

book your stay today


event center
the warm ambiance of the weller haus bed, breakfast & event center is the perfect setting for hosting your event. nestled behind our historic homes, the renovated facility is a unique space that incorporates the charm of our property and stunning gardens for an intimate experience. the venue is ideal for small to medium-sized gatherings and offers customized solutions to meet your specific requirements.
in addition to a large room with a variety of set up arrangements, the space includes an adjacent smaller room with a fireplace and bar area, as well as an upper level with comfortable seating for connecting with each other or brainstorming. the full use of our outside garden and patio area ensures that your gathering will be memorable and one-of-a-kind.
the weller haus bed, breakfast & event center is perfect for both corporate events and noteworthy life events. the event center has been used for company trainings and brainstorming, award dinners, fundraisers, and holiday parties for corporate and non-profit organizations. we have also been a venue of celebration for retirements, anniversaries, birthdays, reunions, and weddings including bridal showers, rehearsal dinners, and ceremonies held outside in our gardens. our property can accommodate up to 75 people with the ability to have 50 people for a sit-down dinner in one location. the event center is fully equipped for your technology needs and our staff is readily available to assist you with every detail. the experience of our staff, combined with either our professional partners or your preferred service providers, will ensure that your event is successful and memorable.

click to learn more

book your event today










recent posts


annual buy one get one free gift certificate offer from weller haus bed, breakfast and event center–november 15, 2024: 
			the holiday shopping season is upon us once again and shopping frenzy is in full swing.  whether it's in a brick and mortar store or…


getting ready on your wedding day–what venue will you be using?: 
			the list of "things to do" when planning a wedding seems to expand with every passing year.  new trends appear and old one's disappear.  but…


weller haus bed & breakfast launches luxury trips to the kentucky bourbon trail and keeneland racetrack–january 8, 2020: 
			weller haus bed, breakfast & event center (dba bourbon, beer and beyond tours) is now offering pre-set kentucky bourbon trail trips to multiple distillery destinations…












weller haus bed, breakfast & event center

319 poplar street
bellevue, ky 41073
https://www.wellerhaus.com



latitude: 39.104799 longitude: -84.484084



phone: (859) 391-8315

toll-free: (800) 431-4287
 info@wellerhaus.com
responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
professional photography by wayne litmer and robin victor goetz
privacy policy | accessibility statement
view our site map


e-news signup
e-mail: 































