


future cars, hybrid cars



























    
	future cars, hybrid cars
	
  
articles and discussions about new cars, future cars and hybrid cars.  
speed masti
wikipedia


about me

name:  amit 

view my complete profile

previous posts

the bmw x3 2011 model detailed
the bmw gran turismo 2011 model
the 2011 bmw 528i, 535i and 550i models
ford reflex concept
future cars - camaro concept
carcoverworld.com - review of one of the best onli...
2010 camaro concept
add gas prices to your website
2009 chevy impala concept - (gm future cars)
resource for automobiles enthusiasts

archives

05/01/2004 - 06/01/2004
06/01/2004 - 07/01/2004
07/01/2004 - 08/01/2004
08/01/2004 - 09/01/2004
10/01/2004 - 11/01/2004
11/01/2004 - 12/01/2004
01/01/2005 - 02/01/2005
02/01/2005 - 03/01/2005
04/01/2005 - 05/01/2005
05/01/2005 - 06/01/2005
07/01/2005 - 08/01/2005
08/01/2005 - 09/01/2005
09/01/2005 - 10/01/2005
01/01/2006 - 02/01/2006
05/01/2006 - 06/01/2006
06/01/2006 - 07/01/2006
09/01/2006 - 10/01/2006
02/01/2007 - 03/01/2007
10/01/2007 - 11/01/2007
12/01/2007 - 01/01/2008
11/01/2008 - 12/01/2008
12/01/2011 - 01/01/2012








sunday, december 18, 2011



	 
	 the bmw x3 2011 model detailed
	 
    


powerful 300 horsepower engine and redesigned exterior for this new x3 model.leaner and meaner than beforethe brand new second generation of the x3 will be making it official debut very soon, and it will boast a whole host of new features, styling and mechanics. incorporated with bmw traits such as the corona-ring running lights and the twin kidney grille design; optional led xeono headlights are also available. some other noticeable features of the exterior are the large windows, and the fold that begins from the tip of the front wheels and then through to the tail lights, whist situated inside the fold are the door handles.the overall size of the new x3 has increased when compared with the previous model. the new 2011 model is approximately ½ an inch taller, 3.4 inches longer and 1.1 inches wider. the width of the track has also been increased by 3.5 inches, and now there is more space between the axles; approximately 0.6 inches extra. bmw has stated that although there has been a size increase, the overall weight of the vehicle has been reduced. it weights about 50 pounds less than the previous model, this is due to the vehicle utilizing aluminum more throughout the structure.transmissions, engines and suspensions bmw has claimed that the new base model version of the x3 that is equipped with the xdrive28i, 3.0 liter in-line 6 cylinder engine which produces 240 horsepower, is able to attain speeds of 0-60 mph in 6.7 seconds; that's almost half a second faster than the previous x3 model. the more powerful xdrive35i, direct-injected, turbocharged in-line 6 cylinder engine which outputs 300 horsepower with 300 pound-foot of torque is capable of reaching 0-60 mph in an impressive 5.5 seconds. the only transmission available for this vehicle is the 8 speed automatic variation. the x3 is also incorporated with the third generation xdrive all wheel drive system, this will boast an improved stability control system. currently bmw hasn't provided the exact official details regarding the fuel efficiency of this new x3 model, although it is to be expected to remain close to the levels from the previous model. estimated fuel efficiency is going to be between 16-17 mpg for city and 23-24 for highway driving. the "electronic damping control" is a new optional feature available on the x3 model, this enables the control of the shock absorbers either from the driver or by the electronic variable system. also integrated within the "electronic damping control" is the "performance control", this can alter the torque from the xdrive system to enable for improved cornering. for the new x3 model "servotronic" comes as standard, this is basically power steering that is speed sensitive. overall the vehicle provides great handling. the appearance of the interior is just as stylish as everything else on this vehicle. the interior features an upgraded idrive system with integrated 8.8 inch display, while the dashboard is generally more driver focused. there is adequate legroom within the vehicle, while also boasting an increased capacity cargo space; bmw has stated it has the largest cargo space within the segment. another optional feature is the mobile internet system named "connected drive"manufactured in the u.s.athe pictures of the new x3 are more than enough to get excited about the arrival of this vehicle. and with production of this vehicle moving to the manufacturing facility in south carolina, it's another good reason, especially for americans to get excited about.



posted by amit @ 8:31 am 

      
         130 comments






sunday, december 11, 2011



	 
	 the bmw gran turismo 2011 model
	 
    


in 2010, bmw had created an additional hatchback variation of the 5 series rear wheel drive platform; this was named the gran turismo 5 series. this new model initially came with a 550i "gt", which is the same v8 twin turbo, 400 horsepower engine that is found in the 550i sedan model, with another engine option being made available at a later point; this is the same engine that is utilized within the 535i version. even though the gran turismo shares the 5 series name, it does in reality have more in common with the 7 series of models. bmw has no further plans to import the wagon from the 5 series, now that the gran turismo model has been released in the u.s. market.the gran turismo shares the redesigned platform from the 7 series, it has to be noted that the wheelbase has been increased by approximately 6 inches when compared to the 5 series. coming as standard are the adaptive xenon headlights, and 18 inch alloy wheels. the overall exterior appearance on this new model has been more streamlined than previous models and even its sibling, the 5 series. the general appearance of this new model has been totally restyled. the climate control readouts share the black panel technology that is utilized in the 7 series, and now boasts an  electroluminescent display. also incorporated within the new gran turismo is a next generation idrive system, this has already been installed throughout various other bmw models. there is enough space within the gran turismo to accommodate up to 4 or 5 individuals, this is all depending on the configuration that has been set up with the rear seats. the cargo space can vary, in the standard configuration it has an area of 15.5 cubic feet of trunk space, while with the seats folded down the cargo space can be increased to a maximum of 60 cubic feet. some other standard feature are 10 way power front seats and also a telescoping/tilting steering column. the new gran turismo model is equipped with the powerful twin turbo, v8 4.4 liter engine that produces an outstanding 400 horsepower; this is the same engine that is found in the new 550i model. another engine option is available and this one is shared from the 535i version, which is a turbocharged 6 cylinder engine outputting 300 horsepower, with an 8 speed automatic transmission available for both types of engine variations.safety features that are incorporated as standard into the gran turismo are front mounted side impact airbags, side curtain airbags, anti-lock brakes, electronic stability system, and head restraints. adaptive cruise control with integrated collision warning system, blind spot and lane departure warning systems are all available optional extras.



posted by amit @ 9:40 am 

      
         23 comments






thursday, december 08, 2011



	 
	 the 2011 bmw 528i, 535i and 550i models
	 
    


5 series 2011 editionsthe new 5 series variations for 2011 will offer improved fuel efficiency, conventional styling, and a longer wheelbase. the trim levels that will be available are the 528i, 535i, and the 550i versions. interior and exterior the general appearance of both the interior and exterior borrows a lot from its older sibling the 7 series. the materials used within the cabin are very good quality. replacing the old style cup-holders are the new and more traditional console mounted style cup-holders. standard features within the interior include a front seats with integrated 10 way power function, tilt/telescoping steering column, and the incorporation of bmw's "black panel " technology, this enables the climate control readouts to display from dark panels. optional features include the idrive with integrated navigation system, this also has a large 10.2 inch display with an impressive pixel resolution of 1280x480. this is also available without the navigation system, with its main function to control audio and vehicle setup configurations. but, it has to be noted that the display is reduced to 7 inches and only has a pixel resolution of 800x400. another optional feature is a 60/40 split folding rear seat.the actual wheelbase of the 5 series has been increased by roughly 3 inches. on the front fascia of the vehicle situates the signature kidney grilles, these have been placed lower and also protrude forward a little. the 535i and 550i variations are equipped with 18 inch alloy wheels as standard, whilst the 528i version comes with 17 inch wheels as standard. although an upgrade that incorporates summer performance tires and larger wheels are optional with the "sports package". adaptive xenon headlights are standard for both the 535i and 550i variations, and optional for the 528i version.power and safetyinstalled within the 528i is a 3.0 liter 6 cylinder engine outputting 240 horsepower; the 535i is equipped with a slightly more powerful turbocharged 3.0 liter 6 cylinder engine which runs at 300 horsepower; and finally the 550i has the twin turbo v8 4.4 liter engine that produces 400 horsepower. all 3 model variations will be equipped with an 8 speed automatic transmission as standard, while a 6 speed manual transmission will be optional for both the 535i and 550i variations.some optional features that are available include; bmw's "adaptive drive" system, which also incorporates "active roll stabilization", this is available with the "sports package". "active steering" which alters the steering rations, and adaptive cruise control are also optional extras.5 series safety features include; front side impact airbags and side curtain airbags, anti-lock brakes, electronic stability system, active head restraints are all standard. a few optional safety features are available, these are; adaptive cruise control which also has a collision warning system installed, blind spot warning system, and the lane departure warning system.



posted by amit @ 9:37 am 

      
         9 comments






wednesday, november 05, 2008



	 
	 ford reflex concept
	 
    


ford uses a lot of words to describe its reflex concept car. words like bold, innovative, american, sporty . . . and from what i can tell, all the words fit. but i think the best word is one ford doesn't use: family.let's face it, most of the newest car innovations fit a family about as well as a studio apartment! while ford never says so, the innovations designed into the reflex concept make it look like they were designed with family in mind. a hip sporty family, that wants to go green, but a family.there are the reverse butterfly doors which make it easy to get in and out of front or back, and mean a parent is no long bumping into the door installing a car seat, or buckling baby in. and speaking of car seats, it comes with one; built right into the rear seat. when is the last time your car came with one of those?then there is the rear seat itself - you know how some vans split their row seats 60-40 for easy removal? well ford did something similar in the reflex, for a different reason. the rear seat is divided into one seat, and a small 'love seat' that can easily and comfortably fit two full size adults . . . or, you can push a button, and the love seat is divided in two small seats, perfect for children.safety is also a major consideration, and in addition to the standard safety features - and not so standard ones, like side curtain airbags - ford has added some innovation here too. the inflatable seat belts that reduce injury to second row passengers, is nice. the beltminder™, that lets you know if someone in the rear seats isn't buckled up, is even better.ford doesn't stop innovation there either. the solar roofs fans, that power themselves to keep the car cool when it's sitting in a summer parking lot, are a very sweet extra. the solar head and tail lights, that absorb sunlight during the day to use when you turn the lights on - and charge the battery - are a very nice touch as well, and boost the fuel economy nicely.not that the reflex needs help boosting the fuel economy. the diesel electric hybrid gets up to 65 mph, while giving all the benefits of all wheel drive. of course, some things - like how it handles - will need to wait until ford starts offering test drives.all in all, there is only one minor issue i can see with the concept. did they have to use white for the interior? i really hope that mesh cleans easily, because speaking for every parent i know, white and kids just do not mix well!labels: ford future car, future cars



posted by amit @ 7:39 pm 

      
         75 comments






tuesday, december 04, 2007



	 
	 future cars - camaro concept
	 
    


the camaro concept made its first appearance at the 2006 north american international auto show, with styling that wowed the crowd and the styling will not change all that much when the car goes into production. the fifth generation camaro will be based very closely on the concept, which is powered by a 400 horsepower aliminum small block ls2 v8, has a t56 six speed manual transmission and what gm says is a sophisticated chassis with four wheel independent suspension.the engine is fitted with active fuel management cylinder deactivation technology to save fuel, enough says gm for the concept to get 30mpg or better.while the concept does have four seats, the ones in the rear are for very short people only, as there’s not much room in there."millions of people of all ages fell in love with the camaro for all of the right reasons," said ed welburn, gm vice president, global design. "camaros were beautiful to look at and offered performance that could rival expensive european gts. yet they were practical enough to drive every day and priced within the reach of many new car buyers."and then, after the camaro coupe came the convertible at the north american international auto show in 2007. the production convertible will follow the coupe, with an on-sale date in late 2009. this time the concept came in orange pearl paint, with gunmetal gray racing strips.tom peters, general motors' director of exterior design for rear-wheel-drive and performance vehicles, says they wanted to make the car stand out more: "we opted to go with bright metal accents, as opposed to satin finish, for things like the exhaust tips and fuel filler, and even the rear lights have a polished look. the wheels are different, too. we wanted to do an update of the redline tires from the 1960s, but instead of the red line going around the tire, it's actually on the wheels."the changes to the concept are obviously around the rear end of the car. even though the car is a concept it has been engineered to take a folding roof in the trunk. the windshield will be taller on the production version as well. the roof itself is not fitted, and there’s the possibility that a hard top folding roof may be on the production car.and by the way, it seems that the story of bob lutz walking in on the team developing the camaro concept when it was close to its completion and simply saying ‘no’ and then walking out again was slightly incorrect. it was actually general motors' chairman and ceo, rick wagoner who ordered a redesign at the last minute. apparently the design was far too closely styled after classic camaros. 



posted by amit @ 2:00 pm 

      
         12 comments






tuesday, october 23, 2007



	 
	 carcoverworld.com - review of one of the best online car cover sellers
	 
    


i was impressed when i first visited carcoverworld.com. it has one of the best possible names which a car cover website can get. my initial impression was fantapulas thus i planned to do an extensive research on the entire website.the site has one of the simplest of navigation and is filled with valuable products. if i were buying a cover for my car, carcoverworld would have been the first choice i would go to see what an online marketplace has to offer me.the speed with which this website loads is great when i compare it with other automobile websites. i highly recommend this site to anyone looking to buy a car cover. its is a very good website with the full line of covercraft and coverking products.the products include indoor and outdoor car covers, truck covers, front end masks, truck tonneau covers, sun shields, interior covers, seat covers, and a full line of covers for motorcycles and atv's. carcoverworld ships vehicle protection and enhancement products in united states and to more than 40 international destinations around the world.if you do not have a car cover then buy one from carcoverworld to protect your vehicle against harsh outdoor conditions, preserve vehicle paint and to safeguard it from dings, dents and dust.sponsor post



posted by amit @ 12:25 pm 

      
         5 comments






monday, october 15, 2007



	 
	 2010 camaro concept
	 
    


the camaro concept made its first appearance at the 2006 north american international auto show, with styling that wowed the crowd and the styling will not change all that much when the car goes into production. the fifth generation camaro will be based very closely on the concept, which is powered by a 400 horsepower aliminum small block ls2 v8, has a t56 six speed manual transmission and what gm says is a sophisticated chassis with four wheel independent suspension.the engine is fitted with active fuel management cylinder deactivation technology to save fuel, enough says gm for the concept to get 30mpg or better.while the concept does have four seats, the ones in the rear are for very short people only, as there's not much room in there."millions of people of all ages fell in love with the camaro for all of the right reasons," said ed welburn, gm vice president, global design. "camaros were beautiful to look at and offered performance that could rival expensive european gts. yet they were practical enough to drive every day and priced within the reach of many new car buyers."and then, after the camaro coupe came the convertible at the north american international auto show in 2007. the production convertible will follow the coupe, with an on-sale date in late 2009. this time the concept came in orange pearl paint, with gunmetal gray racing strips.tom peters, general motors' director of exterior design for rear-wheel-drive and performance vehicles, says they wanted to make the car stand out more: "we opted to go with bright metal accents, as opposed to satin finish, for things like the exhaust tips and fuel filler, and even the rear lights have a polished look. the wheels are different, too. we wanted to do an update of the redline tires from the 1960s, but instead of the red line going around the tire, it's actually on the wheels."the changes to the concept are obviously around the rear end of the car. even though the car is a concept it has been engineered to take a folding roof in the trunk. the windshield will be taller on the production version as well. the roof itself is not fitted, and there's the possibility that a hard top folding roof may be on the production car.and by the way, it seems that the story of bob lutz walking in on the team developing the camaro concept when it was close to its completion and simply saying 'no' and then walking out again was slightly incorrect. it was actually general motors' chairman and ceo, rick wagoner who ordered a redesign at the last minute. apparently the design was far too closely styled after classic camaros.labels: 2010 camaro concept, camaro concept, chevy camaro concept



posted by amit @ 12:52 pm 

      
         48 comments






thursday, february 08, 2007



	 
	 add gas prices to your website
	 
    


automotive.com, a big name in automobile arena have launched "add gas prices to your website", a seductive opportunity for website owners and webmasters who could now display local gas prices to their users using data from the reliable and authenticated sources associated with automotive.com. all you have to do is to copy a small code provided here and paste it in the source page of your website or blog.the gas price tool display local gas prices in real time. simply input the zip code for the area and it would give up-to-date gas price which enable you to plan your next trip ahead, for the prices involved. this tool gives amazingly closest/real values and i am not sure how every time day after day they maintain these data. head on to automotive.com for this great free addictive tool and give your visitors a value added service. automotive.com allows you to find new and used cars, buy or sell cars, car reviews, and even provides or assists for auto financing and loans. while writing this review for the site, i came across car forum which is one of the best places to interact with like minded car enthusiasts who discuss their love affair with their machines. the site has a very friendly interface and browsing the site is a breeze. sponsored post



posted by amit @ 11:35 am 

      
         25 comments






thursday, september 14, 2006



	 
	 2009 chevy impala concept - (gm future cars)
	 
    


the all-new 2009 chevy impala is under development now. we could very well expect the new 2009 chevrolet impala concept soon. the best thing about this next flagship sedan will be that for the first time in many years chevrolet impala is going to be built on rear wheel drive platform - zeta. it will also share the design cues from the much-awaited future camaro. other features expected are 300c, with retro styling and an optional v8. well, lets wait and watch for the first concept version emerges.



posted by amit @ 6:25 pm 

      
         8 comments






monday, september 11, 2006



	 
	 resource for automobiles enthusiasts
	 
    


try this new site we found called carsdbs - automobiles. its got a good collection of automobile related news and car related articles including categories like car maintenance, auto insurance and latest car reviews.its got a nice forum too that is categorised into specific brands of auto manufacturers like bmw chevrolet audi volkswagon honda etc.



posted by amit @ 10:27 am 

      
         8 comments






friday, june 30, 2006



	 
	 2009 acura nsx, acura 2009 future cars
	 
    


acura demonstrated world with there opening nsx that they could acquire a super car and use it on a daily basis driving. long awaited the current nsx is there since 1991 with some minor updates. acura nsx is expected to tap the roads by 2009. the 2009 acura nsx is going to target ferrari f430 and lamborghini gallardo in a big way and is for sure a big dent into their market.. according to gossips honda is already testing prototypes for the car in japan. front-engine layout, and mid-engine like one in the earlier model is worked on. the car is also probably to have v10 engine with 500 horsepower. super handing all-wheel drive is most likely to be used in 2009 acura nsx as is right now in acura rl. it will send power to front wheels whenever required. otherwise front engine layout would run most of the power to the rear wheels.



posted by amit @ 5:34 pm 

      
         16 comments






thursday, may 18, 2006



	 
	 hybrid cars news update
	 
    


this monday hybrid car owners at new jersey will be reworded. drivers of hybrid vehicles at new jersey turnpike could use high occupancy vehicle lanes which will bring much relief in their commutation. the move is welcome as it will encourage people to opt for hybrid vehicles in the era of rapidly rising fuel prices. owners of hybrid cars could drive in hov lanes without any occupant. right now these lanes are reserved for vehicles with at least 3 occupants, motorcycles and buses.congressman brad sherman, a big supporter of hybrid car thinks that plug-in hybrids will be next big thing in automobile industry. according to him cars that could get more then 100 miles per gallon could be termed as the cars of the future. since electric cost is one third of the current gas price, there seems much depth in his thought. it was brad sherman who sponsored legislation which was aimed to encourage hybrid vehicles be included in highway bill which enabled states like california allow these cars in car-pool lanes.another great initiative to promote hybrid cars was taken by aviva insurance company of canada. aviva is now giving 10% discount on auto insurance in quebec. the only criterion for this discount is that the car should be environment friendly. thumbs up to aviva for acknowledging well deserved environmental friendly car owners.



posted by amit @ 6:56 am 

      
         9 comments






thursday, january 12, 2006



	 
	 new hybrid cars for 2006
	 
    


gas electric hybrid cars is no longer considered as passé and they are very much driving into the mainstream automobile market with full stream. this is evident with the new hybrid cars that are being launched in the market with great speed. toyota has launched hybrid version of its most popular car in us where as saturn has lowest priced hybrid suv. gm and toyota both launching its hybrids is another sign that the automakers are now serious with the environmental cars.toyota launched revamped version of its camry sedan with a camry hybrid at the auto show in detroit. camry is one of the best selling car in us since last four years and a hybrid version of the same is surely going to boost the hybrid car sales for toyota motors the no. 2 carmaker of the world.general motors no. 1 carmaker of the world, one of the late comers in the hybrid car market is also coming up in the competition with a lower price tag for its saturn vue green line hybrid which is also being launched at 2006 detroit auto show. the car is coming with a price tag of $23,000, which is going to make it the lowest cost hybrid suv launched in the market so far. the base price of regular 4-cylinder vue is $17,990.people go for hybrid cars for 2 reasons i.e. money they are going to save on fuel and environmental factors. in these two, price is the real factor and the present hybrid cars are not meeting it effectively. the hybrid cars as of now cost nearly $3000 more then their traditional counterparts. this money could be saved by higher fuel efficiency of hybrid cars but would take on an average 6 years. most car owners do not keep their cars for this long. toyota plan to make one of its most popular cars as hybrid could heat the competition with other carmakers especially honda and gm.



posted by amit @ 12:30 pm 

      
         5 comments






monday, september 12, 2005



	 
	 hybrid cars unveiled by ford, honda and toyota
	 
    


hurricane katrina caused widespread devastation and along came the gas price hike. great news in between is that 3 automakers have unveiled their new and latest hybrid cars and the related technology at an environmental conference on friday. event was first national convention of the sierra club, largest environmental organization of the country. honda, ford and toyota are the 3 companies brought their hybrid vehicles and technology here.according to director of the sierra club's global warming program, dan becker, "the biggest single step to curbing global warming, cutting america's oil dependence and saving consumers' money at the gas pump is making our vehicles go further on a gallon of gas". at the sierra summit, ford presented consumers their initial peek at their newest hybrid sports utility vehicle -- the 2006 mercury mariner hybrid. the compact, four-wheel-drive suv can run 33 miles per gallon in the city and 29 miles per gallon on highways. honda uncovered the 2006 civic hybrid, which can get 50 miles per gallon on highways and city streets. toyota did not bring in new model hybrids on friday, but said earlier this year it would begin selling a hybrid version of its camry sedan and a seven-passenger suv, called the highlander hybrid.



posted by amit @ 3:44 am 

      
         26 comments






thursday, august 18, 2005



	 
	 toyota prius hybrid car gives 250 mpg
	 
    


toyota prius hybrid car gives 250 mpg. surprised! yes, it is true, thanks to the efforts of green-minded enthusiasts at california. these people have turned popular hybrid cars into plug in cars, which could be recharged using off peak electricity from the mains. lets see how..hybrid cars such as prius, escape and honda civic have petrol and battery power source which is computer integrated. with these configurations, hybrid cars are able to have a fuel mileage of 60-70 mpg as compared to 20-40 in conventional cars. you could call them inventors or hackers but these people are reprogramming computer and getting extra batteries that in turn guzzles less fuel and gives higher electric kick to the cars. one such person in san francisco customized his hybrid car by fitting 18 electric bicycle batteries to store extra power. these batteries get charged from solar panels or domestic sockets at night. he successfully achieved 96 mpg for his hybrid car. now that is quiet impressive.the electronic tweaks he executed trick the hybrid arrangement into thinking that the battery is completely charged so it uses battery power at all speeds, rather than just through deceleration.one other innovator at californian outfit, energy cs, in monrovia has converted 2 prius models to get nearly 276 mpg with the help of extra lithium ion batteries. now lets see how these hybrid car manufacturers respond to this.



posted by amit @ 11:28 am 

      
         14 comments






friday, july 01, 2005



	 
	 2007 nissan altima hybrid car
	 
    


sales of hybrid vehicles have increased substantially and in fact, it has doubled in the first five months of 2005 as compared to last year sales. nissan announced that it is going to introduce its first gasoline hybrid passenger car which will start its manufacturing at smyrna plant some time from next year.no, nissan is not going to build its own hybrid system but will be licensing the hybrid system from toyota motor co. nissan promised a better fuel economy in its coming 2007 nissan altima hybrid car with a increased performance. this is going to be the third hybrid vehicle in us after ford's escape hybrid sport utility vehicle and toyota's camry sedan, which is also going on production floor next year.regular altima has a base price of $24,530 and introduction of hybrid is most likely to add another $3000 to it. however there was no formal announcement about the pricing of 2007 nissan altima hybrid car. nissan contract with toyota restricts it with only 50,000 units per year.nissan is entering into the market where the top spot is captured by toyota prius followed by honda civic. lets see how it could penetrate the market currently captured by these two carmakers.



posted by amit @ 2:56 pm 

      
         1 comments






saturday, may 14, 2005



	 
	 bmw hybrid car or bmw hydrogen powered car
	 
    


is bmw coming with bmw hybrid car. no, bmw is not coming with bmw hybrid car but hydrogen powered cars and fuel cell cars. bmw german carmaker's h2r is the world's fastest hydrogen powered car that has speed upto 185 miles per hour.generally, hydrogen-powered vehicles operate on fuel cells. in bmw hydrogen, powered car uses a modified 6-liter, 12 cylinder combustion engine for its propulsion. engine in bmw emits only water thus making is one of the most environment friendly car in the present times.bmw hydrogen powered car has higher degree of efficiency due to higher combustion pressure of the hydrogen-air mixture. though hydrogen powered bmw hybrid car would give a no exhaust car but the sources through which the hydrogen come is very damaging to environment. the sources might be either fossil fuel like natural gas or by the use of grid electricity both of which releases hydrocarbons while production.bmw is also developing fuel cell cars. it is developing combustion engine as the sum total of features and characteristics offered by it has got largest number of advantages all in one.



posted by amit @ 1:53 pm 

      
         1 comments






friday, may 13, 2005



	 
	 electric and hybrid cars, difference between electric and hybrid cars
	 
    


electric cars, hybrid cars: difference between electric and hybrid cars. why hybrid car is better then all electric cars.batteries: hybrid car batteries recharge while you are driving. there is no need for plug in where, as after certain miles, electric vehicle batteries need recharge. most electric cars need a recharge every 50-100 miles. speed: electric cars could go only up to 50-60 miles/hr where as hybrid cars can go much faster then that.size: for maximum efficiency electric cars are small whereas we have suvs in hybrid cars.price: electric cars are cheaper then hybrid carssince long, people have been working hard to improve the batteries for electric cars. still electric cars can only travel a fraction of distance traveled by gasoline cars. hybrid car is the result of efforts put by people in developing electric cars and having faith in cars powered by electric motors. hybrid car development is only a change in tactics due to failure in improvement of efficient batteries. hybrid cars could be defined as an electric car assisted with a gasoline engine.



posted by amit @ 3:13 pm 

      
         4 comments






monday, april 04, 2005



	 
	 new hybrid cars
	 
    


we would talk about the new hybrid cars or to say future hybrid cars going to available in the market in near future. first lets look at the present oil prices. this week average gas price per gallon in us is $2.15 compared to last week of $2.11, it is quite a increase. a year ago the gas prices per gallon was $1.76. trend shows that it is the right time to go green.some of the future or new hybrid cars going to be available in the market are:2007 chevy malibu hybrid:2007 chevy malibu hybrid is going to have similar hybrid system as planned saturn vue suv hybrid. the car will have a 12 to 15% increases in fuel economy. 2007 chevy malibu hybrid will have automatic transmission with 4 cylinder, 2.4-liter engine with front-wheel drive. less then 6 miles an hour and the engine shuts down thus car runs on battery system. this car is going to be built at kansas city. 2007 chevy malibu hybrid is going to have 24 miles and 35 miles per gallon on city and highway respectively.2006 nissan altima hybrid:nissan is not going to develop any hybrid program. sole intention of introducing 2006 nissan altima hybrid is to meet fuel economy and emissions standards in some states like california. altima is buying hybrid technology from toyota to build the car. the primary focus of 2006 nissan altima hybrid will not be the fuel economy or reduced emission but the car will try to match performance and acceleration of non-hybrid models. 2007 toyota sienna hybrid minivan:a larger version of estima is sienna marketed in us and europe by toyota. sienna hybrid will be the first hybrid minivan available in us market. the exact date for the launch is not specified by toyota but it is most likely going to be introduced in 2007. 2007 toyota sienna hybrid minivan will have 2.4 liter, four-cylinder engine. the hybrid engine will be very likely similar to highlander or lexus hybrid suvs. the engine will deliver 270 hp of power and will come with an acceleration of 0-60 km/hour in 8 seconds. a few other new hybrid cars waiting round the corners are 2006 lexus gs, 2007 chevrolet tahoe, 2007 dodge durango and 2007 gmc yukon. we would discuss these cars in detail on my future blog.



posted by amit @ 11:58 am 

      
         2 comments






monday, february 14, 2005



	 
	 gas electric car, hybrid cars a must buy. why?
	 
    


isn't hybrid cars cool. yes, it is. but why? have you ever thought of the green house effect or how the exhaust from the cars degrading our environment? have you ever thought of going green? have you ever thought what is the gift you are going to give to next generation. are you planning that you would not give even a ounce of fresh air for the generations to come. have you ever thought, how much you would make your country dependable on other countries for fossil fuel? if you have not given thought to all the above then :( . lets do it even if you have to cough a bit of extra $1000-1500 as this price is nothing as compared to the benifits you are going to get when you buy a hybrid car.do not let your financial considerations affect environmental and patriotic concerns. once you drive a gas electric car, you would be proud of yourself that your environment car is using less gasoline and affecting the environment to a minimum level. price difference between hybrid cars and non hybrid cars should not be a point of concern for you. after all your act is also benifiting country, environment and the generation to come. isn't your small gesture, a little extra price, going a long way in benifiting the lives of lot of people in the world.



posted by amit @ 10:53 am 

      
         12 comments









	 
	 hybrid cars make no sense: nissan chief carlos ghosn
	 
    


nissan chief executive carlos ghosn comment on hybrid cars makes no sense. he thinks that hybrid cars have not yet come to a point where it matches its cost in terms of usability. he said, "they make a nice story, but they're not a good business story yet because the value is lower than their costs". mr. carlos, have you heard of a word called green. is there only one criteria of buying something? i think, he might want to go through my blog once before giving a comment like this. point to be noted is, nissan is going to start production of gas electric car of its altima sedan, somewhere around 2006 for us markets. :) however, nissan is going license some of the hybrid technology from toyota, the market leader in manufacturing of hybrid cars. ghosn also commented that hybrid cars sold in us market were mere 88,000 compared to 16.9 million light vehicles sold in 2004. so he thinks hybrid cars are considered as niche products. automobile industry is optimistic of fuel cell technology but ghosn doesn't think so. he said, "the cost to build one fuel cell car is about us$800,000. do the math and you figure out that we will have to reduce the cost of that car by more than 95 percent in order to gain widespread marketplace acceptance". now if you had to buy a piii pc 20 years back, how much would be its cost. i think all his comments were baseless and i can't take any one of them.



posted by amit @ 9:45 am 

      
         5 comments






friday, january 21, 2005



	 
	 hybrid cars: why sales are growing at a slower pace.
	 
    


every year 15 million new vehicles are sold. last year 88,000 hybrid cars were sold in united states. this year the projected figure for sales of hybrid cars is 220,000 as per estimates done by j.d. power and associates. why people are not willing to buy hybrid cars in large numbers? lets take a look at some of the possible reasons: 1. speed. hybrid cars are not so fast as cars that run on only gas. why? technology	hybrid cars do not have high speed as in gas only cars. they run on battery assisted small engines. theoretically, i am not sure if hybrid cars could match the speed of the gas only cars in near future.  2. not enough advertisements/promotion for hybrid cars.	you start your tv sets or listen to the radio, you get a lot of ads for monster, gas guzzlers suv and cars run by only gas. the ads ratio could be 1 in 10 for hybrid cars as compared to general cars. 3. lack of awareness.	govt. is trying its best to promote hybrid cars by making public aware of the benefits for hybrid cars. california and virginia are allowing hybrid cars in car-pool lanes though there is no federal approval till date for such policy. however, is this enough?  why so delay in approval of such policy. as i think, the following steps could be taken:a) federal approval for different incentives for people buying hybrid carsb) heavy tax incentives for hybrid cars buyersc) higher registration fees for purchase of non-hybrid vehicles.d) free parking for hybrid carse) set an example by replacing all the state owned cars to hybrid cars 4. fuel prices are high but manageable.	this could seem vague but i am of the opinion that increase the prices of the fuel to something like $3+. i know i would not have many takers for this but can't help. extreme steps taken now could prove beneficial tomorrow. 5. lack of choice	if a person wants to buy a hybrid cars 	he has got very less choice as of now. he has to select between a few. now, if hybrid cars will not go neck to neck with general cars, it will be difficult that carmakers would speed much in research for hybrid cars due to less demand. now what about something like state sponsored research for hybrid cars.



posted by amit @ 8:12 pm 

      
         9 comments






saturday, november 06, 2004



	 
	 future hybrid cars
	 
    


the hybrid cars market is on upswing and is growing very rapidly. america spend on gasoline every minute is about $200,000. not to say about dependence on foreign oil. hybrid vehicles are beginning to enter the market, and represent the first step in reducing america's oil consumption. the upcomming hybrid cars for this year and future. 1. daimlerchrysler is going to introduce diesel electric dodge ram pickup which would be giving boost to mileage by as much as 15%2. there is no details for this vehicle but mercury mariner suv is going to be launched in 20073. saturn vue suv would give a boost to mileage by 15% and would be introduced in 2006.4. the other vehicles released in 2007 would be gmc yukon and chevy tahoe which could give upto 35% of mileage boost and chevrolet malibu as 15%.5. 2008 chevy silverado would be giving 35% boost to mileage.6. 2004 honda accord hybrid likely to be realeased in december would give v6 performance.7. lexus rx 400h suv would follow in early 2005 and would have double mileage as compared to rx 300.



posted by amit @ 1:18 pm 

      
         11 comments






sunday, october 24, 2004



	 
	 2006 s3x suv environment-friendly hybrid cars from gm daewoo
	 
    


 gm daewoo motors introduced their 1st hybrid cars which is expected to enter mass production in 2006. it will be available as a gasoline and a diesel-powered engine. this will be the first vehicle designed by gm daewoo since gm brought daewoo in 2002. these hybrid cars i.e s3x would be more fuel efficient then regular gasoline powered cars and would have a maximum speed of 100 kph which is far behind prius and hyundai hybrid click which have 161 kph and 165 kph respectively. gm daewoo plans to boost its speed of hybrid car to 150 kph before its launch. other then hybrid car gm also displayed "hy-wire" concept car which would run on hydrogen based fuel cells.



posted by amit @ 1:00 pm 

      
         0 comments






sunday, august 29, 2004



	 
	 2006 chrysler hybrid cars : chrysler planning to introduce front-wheel-drive hybrids
	 
    


according to chief executive dieter zetsche of daimlerchrysler’s chrysler group,  chrysler soon would be going to launch its front wheel drive hybrid car most probably in early 2006. with the growing demand of hybrid cars and the entry of the rivals such as ford motor co., chrysler could not overlook the importance of hybrid cars. for long chrysler was enphasizing on diesel vehicles as as an alternative to fuel guzzling vehicles to keep its fuel-efficiency ratings. but with the hybrid cars becomming so popular it is planning to introduce gasoline-electric powered engine to reduce gas consumtion for its vehicles. most likely models for the hybrid cars could be pt cruiser, dodge and chrysler minivans.  zetsche also hinted that chrysler might not go for development of hybrid engine but could licence the technology from another manufacturer.



posted by amit @ 7:08 am 

      
         10 comments






saturday, august 28, 2004



	 
	 honda unveils fuel efficient green scooters
	 
    


honda motor co. has recently displayed its fuel efficient line of scooters which will be available in 2 different engine types i.e gas electric, all electric and fuel cell scooters. honda is mum about when this scooters would be launched but it said that they would continue to improve the models in future. this is the first time when gasoline-electric engines are used for 2 wheelers.  the fuel cell scooter is similar in size as 125 cc normal scooter and the hybrid scooter has 50 cc capacity engine. with the launch of these scooters honda would have a edge on its competitors suzuki & yamaha. honda would have no rival/competition if it launches these vehicles soon. the technology for hybrid scooters is similar to that of hybrid cars where the battery for hybrid scooters are charged during deceleration and it temporarily stops the engine when vehicles have to stop at traffic.



posted by amit @ 11:42 am 

      
         5 comments






monday, july 26, 2004



	 
	 2005 ford focus, the new mid size ford focus
	 
    


the all new 2005 ford focus will be built on a modified mazda 6 platform and would be built at hermosillo, mexico would be on sale from late summer 2005. in europe the car is in the form of small wagon which is based on ford fiesta.  the hybrid or gasoline electric version of the ford fusion is expected to hit the roads by 2007 and would be called as cd3.



posted by amit @ 11:09 am 

      
         2 comments






saturday, july 10, 2004



	 
	 free parking for hybrid cars
	 
    


in order to provide more incentives to hybrid car owners and let people know the benifits of hybrid cars los angeles mayor james hahn has proposed to provide free car parks to hybrid cars in city streets. the motion would be proposed to remove parking car meter fees for hybrid cars for 6 months which would start from september 1.  the electric and natural gas car are offered free parkings at present times. the step would further prove importance of hybrid cars in the age of rising prices and dependence for oil on other countries.



posted by amit @ 4:10 am 

      
         1 comments






wednesday, july 07, 2004



	 
	 toyota prius crash test : 5-star euro ncap
	 
    


 toyota prius gains 5-star euro ncap accolade. hybrid car gets class-best 34 points and highest ever child protection score. prius is first ever hybrid to be tested by euro ncap. a further 125 actual crash tests confirm optimum passive safety. toyota prius the 1st hybrid car tested by euro ncap passed the test with ease and with best of  results. 34 points awarded to it is the highest point awarded ever which gave the car to 5 star rating. it got 43 points in child protection rating another highest score ever.  the test results shows that it is not only a strong performer but also has all the best safety features which is best then found in any other car. the major safety equipments includes 8 airbags, a dual-stage seatbelt warning system, a knee protection panel and a fascia-mounted starting button. to confirm the data from the crash test simulations, a programme of 125 real crash tests took place for prius - substantially more than usually conducted in the development of a new model.



posted by amit @ 11:35 am 

      
         3 comments






wednesday, june 30, 2004



	 
	 2005 accord v6 hybrid,  best selling car from honda images released
	 
    


source: world.honda.com honda released the images for its 2005 accord v6 hybrid, gas electric hybrid version of honda best selling car which will be with dealers for sale later this year. the new hybrid will have power and performance better then its current 240-hp accord v6 with better fuel economy. honda's (vcm) variable cylinder management increases the efficiency of the vehicle by deactivating 3 of 6 cylinder engine during cruising and deceleration with no change for performance of the car.  integrated motor assist (ima) hybrid system uses high output electric motor-generator providing more efficient engine operation by capturing electrical energy during braking or deceleration and use of that energy to power the vehicle hence saving valuable fuel. the engine shut off during stops further increases efficiency of the vehicle.



posted by amit @ 3:19 am 

      
         11 comments










 
about me- i am a mechanical engg by education and programmer,designer,seo by profession.
please drop me a line for suggestions at lal65_us@yahoo.com
car wash | new cars | future cars |  autoguy
 | blogshares


















