





ridenow chandler: powersports dealer in chandler, az 


















































































®


























































skip to main content






shop brands




featured brands

polaris off roadpolaris slingshotindian motorcyclecan-amsea-doo



all brands


all brands











previous



next








toggle navigation





 









2677 e willis road, chandler, az 85286





480-503-3333



chandler






españolenglish





search

go










inventory


new inventory
pre-owned inventory
clearance inventory


shop by payment
value your trade
we buy bikes
we ship bikes
rnc customs
test ride slingshot
indian motorcycle®
polaris® off-road vehicles
polaris slingshot®
can-am®
sea-doo® watercraft
can-am® maverick r



finance

6 months deferred interest*


apply now
shop by payment
get an insurance quote 
promotions

what's my buying power




service

service department
service appointment
ride ready polaris service

free tire install request

sell/trade your vehicle



parts & accessories

parts department
parts request
parts finder
free tire install request



info

about us
map & hours
schedule an appointment


employment


newsletter signup
motorcycle license
rider education and licensing




reviews
stars riders group
indian motorcycle® riders group
blog


contact us






ridenow chandler / euro

2677 e willis road
 chandler, az 85286
us

phone: 480-503-3333
email: chandlerwebsales@ridenow.com,jlester@ridenow.com,chandlersales@ridenow.com,nrqjgksa@mailparser.io

fax:
			














get out and ride now

search our inventory of hundreds of new & pre-owned models.

search

go









polaris utvs and atvs on sale up to $3000 off select off-road vehicles. financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months.polaris utvs and atvs on sale up to $3000 off select off-road vehicles. financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months.
ridenow chandler / euro - new &amp; used powersport vehicles, service, and parts in chandler, az, near phoenix, mesa, scottsdale, and temperidenow chandler / euro - new &amp; used powersport vehicles, service, and parts in chandler, az, near phoenix, mesa, scottsdale, and tempe
yamaha. up to $3000 customer cash on select models. get out and ride sales event.yamaha. up to $3000 customer cash on select models. get out and ride sales event.
cash offer - ride in. cash out. ridenow chandler / euro - new &amp; used powersport vehicles, service, and parts in chandler, az, near phoenix, mesa, scottsdale, and tempe
free tire install - with the purchase of any in-stock tires. bring in your estimates & we will match the priceridenow chandler / euro - new &amp; used powersport vehicles, service, and parts in chandler, az, near phoenix, mesa, scottsdale, and tempe
promotion of $1,000 customer cash or financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months and $0 down on select 2024 slingshot models.promotion of $1,000 customer cash or financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months and $0 down on select 2024 slingshot models.
ridenow chandler / euro - new &amp; used powersport vehicles, service, and parts in chandler, az, near phoenix, mesa, scottsdale, and temperidenow chandler / euro - new &amp; used powersport vehicles, service, and parts in chandler, az, near phoenix, mesa, scottsdale, and tempe
ducati sign+ride financing starting at 0% apr for 60 mo. learn more.ducati sign+ride financing starting at 0% apr for 60 mo. learn more.








previous



pause



next











new inventory
shop now




pre-owned
shop now





sell / tradeyour vehicle
learn more






previous



next















motorcycles
view models





utv
view models





atv
view models





watercraft
view models











ridenow powersportschandler arizona
for 34 years, you have made ridenow chandler / euro in chandler, arizona, the ultimate one stop destination for all things fun. from our humble beginnings in 1983 as a small honda dealership on the corner of arizona avenue and elliot road. at a time when the industry was sagging following the collapse of the 3 wheel atc market, there was much unknown about how a little dealer would survive when loosing one of your most popular products relying only on sales & service of lawn gear, garden equipment, generators and even bicycles.
+ read more







shop by manufacturerour brands




polaris® 





suzuki 





honda® 





yamaha 






can-am® off-road 





sea-doo 





indian motorcycle® 





ktm 





bmw 





ducati 





polaris slingshot® 





spyder® 





ryker™ 







cf moto 





hisun 





kayo® 





ssr 





segway 






motorcycle and powersports dealer in chandler, az
find your next ride at ridenow chandler, your go-to destination for all things powersports in chandler, arizona. as the premier dealer in the region, we proudly carry a lineup of powerhouse vehicles from the best brands, including polaris, indian motorcycle, yamaha, can-am, and more. whether you're into atvs, motorcycles, side by sides, or personal watercrafts, we've got the vehicle for your next adventure.
conveniently located in chandler, we're a stone's throw away from mesa, tempe, gilbert, and nearby locations. drop by for a visit and explore the extraordinary rides, flexible financing options, expert service, and well-stocked parts of ridenow chandler, az.
new and used powersports vehicles in chandler, az
explore the latest models and reliable pre-owned gems in our extensive selection of new and used powersports vehicles. our inventory houses brands like polaris, can-am, honda powersports, cfmoto, suzuki, segway, bmw motorrad, hisun, kayo, ssr, ktm, ducati, sea-doo switch, yamaha waverunner, and more.
from a brand-new atv to a used motorcycle, as well as scooters and side-by-sides, ridenow chandler has it all. our vehicles are a promise of quality, performance, and excitement. check out our online inventories and find your perfect ride today.
easy financing options tailored for you
something caught your eye? the ridenow chandler finance center is here to make it a reality. we offer hassle-free financing options designed to fit your budget and lifestyle. our team is ready to assist you every step of the way, whether you prefer the convenience of online applications or face-to-face treatment. 
apply online with confidence, knowing your personal information is safe and secure. your dream ride is within reach, and we're here to make it happen.
expert service and genuine parts
keep your ride going with our state-of-the-art service and parts centers. our skilled technicians are experts in maintaining and customizing a wide range of brands, ensuring your vehicle performs at its best.
browse our extensive selection of genuine parts and upgrades, and let our team of professionals handle everything from routine maintenance to warranty work. schedule your service appointment or request parts online – we've got your back.
ridenow chandler: your adventure headquarters
located in chandler, arizona, we're proud to serve not only our local enthusiasts but also those from mesa, tempe, gilbert, scottsdale, phoenix, queen creek, sun lakes, guadalupe, and beyond. our dealership offers unparalleled customer satisfaction with top-notch brands, including hisun, kayo, ssr, ktm, ducati, sea-doo switch, yamaha waverunner, and many more. 
our commitment to quality, personalized service, and an unrivaled selection of premium brands make us the ultimate destination for enthusiasts. come see us today and embrace the power of adventure at ridenow chandler.





roadway loan (installment)

					*all credit products are issued by webbank. an origination fee of 4% applies. the dignifi interest waived program applies to all approved customers. interest will be charged to your account from account opening at 9.99%‐36.00% apr. if the full loan amount is paid within the first 90 days, you will receive a refund in the amount of any accrued interest that was charged. a minimum monthly payment is required. additional principal payments will be required to pay off the loan amount before the promotion expires. interest will be waived if you make all of your scheduled payments on time and pay off your loan in full within the first 90 days. the application generally takes a few minutes. all applications are subject to approval pursuant to standard underwriting criteria. the maximum approved amount, terms, and the annual percentage rate (apr) will be based on an evaluation of credit history. webbank funds the repair amount once repairs are completed and documents are executed.
					


expressway credit (revolver card) 

					*all dignifi expressway credit cards are issued by webbank. an annual fee of up to $79 may apply. six-month deferred interest promotional offer is available on all approved purchases of $350 or more using the dignifi expressway credit card. no interest will be charged on the promotional purchase if you pay the promotional purchase amount in full within 6 months. if you do not, interest will be charged on the promotional purchase from the purchase date. a minimum monthly payment is required. the required minimum monthly payments may not pay off the promotional purchase by the end of the promotional period. account must be open and current to be eligible for this offer. regular account terms apply to non-promotional purchases and, after promotion ends, to your promotional purchases. please see any special promotion advertising or other disclosures provided to you for the full terms of any special promotion offered. all applications for credit are based on an evaluation of credit history. the annual percentage rate (apr) ranges from 27.99%–36%. if you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $2.00.
					















contact information


2677 e willis road
chandler, az 85286

phone: 480-503-3333

hours

service department is closed on sundays











opens in new window



quick links

new inventory
pre-owned inventory

value your trade
test ride
fleet vehicles
get an insurance quote

connect




follow ridenow chandler / euro on instagram! (opens in new window)





like ridenow chandler / euro on facebook! (opens in new window)





check out the ridenow chandler / euro youtube channel! (opens in new window)





follow ridenow chandler / euro on twitter! (opens in new window)










copyright© 2025 ridenow chandler / euro  |
					all rights reserved


unsubscribe |
					policy |
					privacy |
					accessibility |
					terms |
					site map





















































































