



just like ed - michel's personal website. blog, articles, videos, games, work portfolio, quotes and other stuff.


















just like ed

discover
videos
games
about me





search for stuff on just like ed







facebook
twitter
youtube
formspring.me
contact
rss








 

hey! i'm michel.
a curious life adventurer, creative problem solver and geek.
this is my pretty outdated personal website where i used to show off my work, blog my travels and thoughts and provide pretty much all the information you'd ever like to know about me.
be warned, it's all outdated!
gotten curious about me? why this website is called just like ed? perhaps you'd fancy to play one of my games? i'm always keen to hear back from you, so drop me a line if you like!


check this out!







coloring gems
games, puzzle - gather as many gems as possible by changing the color of your own gems and acquiring all neighboring gems of the same color.






kirby star 2
games, shooting - fly around with kirby and take down the enemies by shooting stars.






duct tape
videos, animation - don't mess with the duck.










stuff i said on twitter
in order for you to read the messages i've posted to twitter, it is required that you have javascript enabled in your browser.
read more @justlikeed on twitter →



and... i'm the doctor. or.. well... i'm sort of the 10th incarnation of me.

not to say that i'm not me, it's just that i am a different me from a me you have have previously met or one that you might meet in the future.
it's kind of complicated, you'll have to forgive me, things don't alway really happen to me in the correct order. or the preferable one for that matter... yeah.. definitely not the preferable one.
let's see.. ah.. 2011.. oh boy, by now you've already said goodbye to me and welcomed my 11th incarnation. well, great guy, really. bit of a weird nose... and still not ginger! i'm pretty disappointed, honestly.
but, listen to me ramble... how are you? who are you? i bet you're brilliant!


read more about the 10th doctor →


things that are awesome
life, that's pretty awesome.
(there used to be some links here, but i never updated them)









check this out

coloring gems
kirby star 2
duct tape



more just like ed

discover, introduction to web …, …
videos, duct tape, …
games, coloring gems, kirby star 2, kirby star, …
about, about me, contact, about my name, …



about me

michel
curious life adventurer, creative problem solver, geek.







                just like ed is a michel.dev creation.
                    back to top











