






westchesteruu.org –  where the music never stops!































skip to content




westchesteruu.org
 where the music never stops!


hem
general music information
music genres
notable music concerts
contacts
 









 

tips for choosing the best intranet for a music production company
june 20, 2024 peter general music information


looking for the best intranet for your music production firm but don’t know where to start? here are five tips for choosing the best intranet
read more






 

the perfect home environment for enjoying music
september 20, 2022 peter general music information


while not everyone in the house may be a fan of music, if you are, then it is a great idea for a corner of
read more






 

planning a gig ensemble
july 19, 2022 peter general music information


live music shows give people the chance to see their favourite artists in person. they are fun experiences that they will remember for the rest
read more






 

music and plants
january 7, 2022 peter general music information


it has long been said that talking to your plants will help them grow. apparently the sound of the voice encourages faster growth, and studies
read more






 

how to protect future royalties and earnings
september 6, 2021 peter general music information


if you are just starting off as a musician or a member of a band, you will undoubtedly write songs as a part of your
read more






 

musicians: how to look after yourself
march 6, 2021 peter general music information


suppose you are a musician, either professional or amateur. in that case, you need to ensure you look after your health while out on the
read more






 

how to prepare for your first live gig
february 11, 2021 peter general music information


when your band lands its first live gig in a club or live music venue, it’s time to get ready to make sure you’ll deliver
read more






 

using seo to promote your music
february 5, 2021 peter general music information


as a music artist, you may have released a couple of singles recently. and while you may be happy with the airplay accorded to your
read more






 

music production – mixing tips for beginners
december 10, 2020 peter general music information


do you want to mix your music, but you don’t know where to start? here’s a quick guide to help you get your very first
read more






 

three ways to become a better musician
november 1, 2020 peter general music information


there are countless talented musicians today. becoming one of the top-rated ones requires focus and hard work, regardless of the genre you sing. as with
read more





posts pagination
1
2
3
next posts»








		wordpress theme: gridbox by themezee.	








gridbox


