





minuteman project — bringing national awareness to the illegal alien invasion


































minuteman projectbringing national awareness to the illegal alien invasionhome
news

mmp exclusives
jim gilchrist
video
immigration
border
republic
amnesty
workplace
resources


jim gilchrist
jim’s posts
tell jim
contact
donate
hate-mail


****07.22.2022minuteman project leader endorses    

donald trump for president 2024

dear americans,

i am officially endorsing the honorable donald j. trump, 45th president of the united states of america, as a candidate for president in the 2024 election.

because of the current democrat party’s deliberate and  nonchalant neglect of issues threatening our nation’s domestic tranquility, the united states is still plagued by a maddening and irksome litany of nation-destroying issues…issues that former president donald trump, and his cabinet members, successfully halted or eliminated during his previous tenure in the white house.

during his time in the white house, former president trump boldly dealt with america’s economic ills and social problems like no president since theodore roosevelt.

president trump is a wondrous commander-in-chief with a proven record of performance as a national and global political leader.  he is a mover and shaker who not only talks about needed changes for our nation’s best interests, but actually makes those changes happen.

if we are going to return america to its heralded stature where every person’s rights and privileges under the constitution are respected, and where we continue to live in “a nation of laws,” then we must choose superlative leaders with spectacular performance records to return us to prosperity, peace, and contentment.

we need a leader not beholden to the elitist ranks of special interest lobbies.

we need a leader earnestly looking forward to an america where common people with common lives have the opportunity to experience not only an american dream during their lifetime, but also to traverse safely from neighborhood to neighborhood, city to city, coast to coast, without fear of becoming the next victim to a rip current of crime that has beleaguered so many of our communities.

over 75 million americans look to president donald trump to bring back the national cohesion and unity that will make americans proud to be american again.

on behalf of a sullen and beleaguered populace, who sincerely want to once again believe in america and trust our political leaders, i can think of no other person than donald j. trump to guarantee that america is truly the land of the free…a nation where the american dream is real, for everyone…a nation of laws, not mob rule…and where domestic tranquility is no longer an unattainable goal.

americans, please join me in endorsing former president donald trump for president 2024. 

come on, americans.  let’s roll! 

respectfully submitted,

jim gilchrist, baj, bsba, mba (taxation), cpa - calif. (retired), founder and president, the minuteman project

-a multi-ethnic immigration law enforcement advocacy group-

-operating within the law to support enforcement of the law-~
1266 days since americans held hostage in afghanistan.
1090 days since russia invaded ukraine.
1489 days since biden screwed up america.

dear facebook and twitter, you're fired! 
america: a “nation of laws” or a “joke”?

 
urgent call for texas border observation duty 




get the latest news about immigration, compiled by the minuteman project.   [more]



who killed ashli babbitt?    [more]



want to get involved? our resources page has everything you need.    [more]



help us stem the flow of illegal immigration [more]
breaking
the definitive photo from trump assassination attempt, and how it was capturedjuly 16, 2024  by jg-mmp leave a commentunder biden, 500,000 illegal immigrants have disappearedjuly 26, 2022  by jg-mmp leave a commentgop.com — half a million illegal immigrants have disappeared into the u.s. during biden’s border crisis. where does this number come from? “gotaways” – illegal immigrants who have escaped into the u.s. without being apprehended migrants who have been caught and released into the u.s. with a “notice to report,” but who have failed to […]
judge blocks biden administration from lifting public health order used to quickly expel migrantsmay 22, 2022  by jg-mmp leave a commenttexastribune.org — the administration was set to end title 42, a pandemic-era rule aimed at slowing the spread of covid-19, on monday. a lengthy legal battle is likely. a federal judge in louisiana on friday blocked the biden administration from lifting a public health order that immigration officers have used to quickly expel migrants at […]
more
as ukrainians quickly cross u.s. border, russians find barriersmarch 26, 2022  by jg-mmp leave a commentpbs.org — about three dozen would-be asylum seekers from russia found themselves blocked from entering the u.s. on friday while a group of ukrainians flashed passports and were escorted across the border. the scene reflected a quiet but unmistakable shift in the differing treatment of russians and ukrainians who enter mexico as tourists and fly […]
mike olcott for texas housefebruary 13, 2022  by jg-mmp leave a commentborn and raised in north texas “as a 5th generation texan, born and raised in north texas, i grew up with conservative values. as a christian, i understand the importance of salt and light. as a research scientist, i was trained to always search for the truth. as the leader of the parker county conservatives, […]
kyle rittenhouse receives rare award for actions above and beyond most american patriots.november 14, 2021  by jg-mmp leave a commentminuteman project — jim gilchrist’s minuteman project has named kyle rittenhouse “minuteman of the year – 2021.” each year the minuteman project chooses a person whose contributions to our nation’s heralded stature as a nation of laws is so profound that he or she merits our organization’s coveted designation as “minuteman of the year.” congratulations, […]
tucker carlson: in biden’s america, you’d be stupid not to cross the border illegallyoctober 29, 2021  by jg-mmp leave a commentfoxnews.com — the biden administration is actively encouraging illegal immigration, even for criminals it’s a bewildering experience working in cable news right now. fun, but pretty unbelievable. just about every morning, some story from the biden white house crosses our screens and we think to ourselves, “come on, there is absolutely no way that can […]
leaked border patrol docs show mass release of illegal immigrants into us by biden administrationoctober 20, 2021  by jg-mmp leave a commentfoxnews — exclusive: at least 160,000 illegal immigrants have been released into the u.s., often with little to no supervision, by the biden administration since march – including a broad use of limited parole authorities to make more than 30,000 eligible for work permits since august, border patrol documents obtained by fox news show. the […]
panama warns another caravan of 60,000 haitian migrants is headed for the us border through mexico and says it has been sounding alarms to biden for monthsoctober 11, 2021  by jg-mmp leave a commentdailymail.co.uk — -panamanian foreign minister erika mouynes made the remarks during a visit to dc this week -she said that another 60,000 mostly haitian migrants are likely headed toward the us border -mouynes said 85,000 migrants have passed through panama so far this year, a huge increase -she expressed frustration saying panama has been warning […]
haitian migrants have now been cleared from del rio border camp, u.s. saysoctober 11, 2021  by jg-mmp leave a commentnpr — there are no longer any haitian migrants in the camp under the del rio international bridge in texas, homeland security secretary alejandro mayorkas told reporters friday. the camp grew to hold 15,000 people at one point, with a total of nearly 30,000 migrants passing through since sept. 9, mayorkas said. he called it […]
larry elder california’s next governoraugust 6, 2021  by jg-mmp leave a commentelectelder.com/ — why i’m running i’m running for governor because the decline of california isn’t the fault of its people. our government is what’s ruining the golden state. our schools are closed to both students and their parents. our streets aren’t safe from rising violent crime or the disaster of rising homelessness. and the scandals […]
biden administration announces sky-high border numbers, looks to blame trumpapril 13, 2021  by jg-mmp leave a commentfoxnews.com — nearly 19,000 unaccompanied children were encountered in march, the highest recorded. border officials encountered 172,000 migrants at the border in march, a 71% increase from february and the latest indicator of the extent of the crisis at the southern border — but one that biden officials are trying to blame on the trump […]
biden and the blame game at the borderapril 1, 2021  by jg-mmp leave a commentnewyorker — biden and the blame game at the border uring the past decade, three u.s. presidents have each faced a humanitarian emergency at the southern border. barack obama did in 2014, when tens of thousands of children from central america arrived, without their parents, to seek asylum. five years later, under donald trump—and the […]
videos
obama’s religious test for refugees bars christiansspending bill has $4 billion in welfare for illegalshours from passage amnesty scuttled after cantor’s stunning defeatsenior dhs official struggles to answer basic security questionssen. jeff sessions destroys crazy “right to migrate” zealotso’reilly vs. trump on immigrationisis using refugees to infiltrate americatrump: “we’re at war — get it through your head”hillary’s pandering to illegals on healthcare exposedthe left’s secret immigration planmore videos... contact 




minuteman projectjim gilchristfounder and president













search mmp

 like us on facebook! 









 donate 

 let’s roll! 



copyright © 2025 · the minuteman project · is the flagship program of jim gilchrist’s minuteman project. because jim gilchrist’s minuteman project is organized under section 501(c)4 of the internal revenue code, gifts and contributions to the minuteman project are not deductible on your federal taxes.

return to top of page









