       bill jefferys home page    welcome to bill jefferys' home page  i am harlan
        j. smith centennial professor emeritus in astronomy at the university
        of texas at austin, and former chairman of the u.t. department
        of astronomy. i am also an adjunct
professor
        of statistics at the university of vermont. the astronomy department      of the university of texas hosted a retirement party for me, "priors,
quaternions,
        and residuals, oh my". you can see an enlarged version of my family portrait (left to right:      mark, sue, myself, tom) by clicking on the thumbnail portrait.     click
        here to email me!  here are some selected papers. here is a link to my atlas of surfaces of section        for the restricted problem of three bodies, which was out of print      but is now available on the web.       i was the principal
        investigator for the hubble space telescope astrometry
        science team. the astrometry science team advised nasa on developing      the hst fine guidance sensors as astronomical instruments, and since      launch has used them in scientific investigations.  to learn more about harlan smith, click here.      to see the brochure that u.t. issued to inaugurate the smith      professorship, click here.      the brochure was put out a long time ago, so it is dated (my beard is      gray, and my kids are grown up...see picture above). it describes what we      planned to do with the hubble at that time (before the challenger disaster      and before major changes in the hst program). it also includes some      personal information about harlan smith.        a number of folks have asked about our farm in fayston,vermont,      to which sue and i have retired. i have put up some pictures      for your enjoyment.  here is a link to the 1995        new york howlerfest home page. the howlerfest took place on july 28,      1995 at the museum of natural history in new york. see the professors of      the university of ediacara! see the action at the panda's thumb!       here is a link to my goodies page.  all materials at this website copyright (c) 1994 -       by william h. jefferys. all rights reserved. this page was last      modified on 151210.  click
      here to email me!     