


about cw mars | cw mars



back to toplanguages & display languages englishespañolfrançaiskreyòl ayisyenpolskiportuguêsрусскийالعربيةአማርኛ中文한국어display cw marsdark modehigh contrast on whitenavigationselect a catalogselect your librarycw mars catalogcw mars kids

online resourcesget a library cardhelpnew catalog faqcatalog help guidescw mars faqcw mars policiesabout cw mars

 sign inyour accountlibrary home pagelocationabout cw marsadvanced searchlibrary catalogsselect a catalogclassic catalogmenu linksonline resourcesget a library cardhelpdisplay options languages englishespañolfrançaiskreyòl ayisyenpolskiportuguêsрусскийالعربيةአማርኛ中文한국어sign outlook forkeywordtitlestart of titleseriesauthorsubjectcall numberadvanced searchin library catalogin online collectionin listsin history & archives search  browse» home» about cw mars
















cw mars
is a diverse multi-type library consortium made up of over 150 member libraries primarily located in central and western massachusetts. cw mars is an acronym that stands for central and western massachusetts automated resource sharing.
we are the largest of nine library consortia in massachusetts. our membership is made up of academic, public, and special libraries of all sizes, from tiny towns with populations under 500 to large urban libraries with many branches. cw mars hosts and supports the hardware and software needed to power our shared online library catalog and library staff software. we provide technical support to member libraries.











 
at a glance 
 






8m items
waiting to be enjoyed in our shared catalog.







12.8m loans
borrowed in 2024, including 9.9 million physical items & 2.9 million e-items










165 libraries
with 190 branch locations across central and western massachusetts







750k patrons
registered in our shared system





















view the news blog in a new tab.





 
cw mars policies 
 


cw mars policiessee a list of cw mars policies.











 
about cw mars 
 


missioncw mars empowers member libraries to provide excellent services to their communities through resource sharing technology.






visioncw mars is a visible leader for its member libraries, connecting communities in central and western massachusetts, and advocating for library funding.






valuescw mars upholds the following core values:

equity, diversity, and inclusion
open access
privacy and security
respect, cooperation, and mutual trust
innovation
lifelong learning
cost-conscious economic
sustainability







fundingcw mars is primarily funded through annual membership fees and also receives significant support from the massachusetts board of library commissioners (mblc).
additional funding for telecommunications comes from the federal communications commission (fcc) e-rate program.






governancethe governing body of cw mars is users council, which is made up of all member libraries. the users council meets at least four times a year, and each member library has one vote.
the cw mars executive board is made up of 12 voting members of the users council. the executive board meets monthly. directors are elected annually and serve for two year terms.






historyc/w mars was formed to administer and utilize technology to promote sharing between libraries.
the idea for c/w mars began in 1978, when 28 librarians in central and western massachusetts joined together to investigate the possibility of cooperative automation for purposes of resource sharing, circulation control, and improved public access to resources in general. with the support of their regional library systems, they applied for and won an lsta grant and hired a consultant to do a feasibility study. the final report, issued in 1981, recommended an integrated, shared online system as both achievable and desirable in terms of cost, benefits, and services. a subsequent lsta grant was awarded to fund central site hardware and software. an rfp was issued in september of 1981 and c/w mars was established.
representatives of the 28 member libraries painstakingly evaluated vendor capabilities and performance for circulation, interlibrary loan, acquisitions, cataloging, bibliographic record management, hardware and software. dataphase systems was chosen because it most closely met the requirements of c/w mars members, and a contract was signed in september of 1982. the first remote bibliographic conversion sites were operational in october of 1983.
on july 27, 1984, c/w mars became an independent non-profit organization incorporated under the internal revenue code 501(c) and chapter 180 of massachusetts state law.
in december of 1985, utlas international purchased the local system software from dataphase. six year later, with the demise of utlas international, c/w mars signed a contract with carl systems on may 1, 1991, to provide new software on the existing hardware. the transition to the new carl system took place over columbus day weekend in 1992.
in december of 1998 c/w mars signed a contract with innovative interfaces, inc to migrate from carl to millennium ils.
concerned about rising costs and wanting more control over software improvements, in the fall of 2010 c/w mars began the process to migrate to an open source integrated library system, evergreen. in may of 2012, c/w mars went live on evergreen.
in fy2021 cw mars has grown to 150 member libraries and 175 outlets (branch locations).











 
employment opportunities 
 


cw mars open positionsthere are no open positions at this time.











 
request for proposals 
 


cw mars open rfps2025 erate request for proposals
rfp timeline

11/25/2024 rfp release date
12/13/2024 final written questions due by 5:00pm est.
12/16/2024 written responses to questions anticipated release date.
01/20/2025 rfp proposals due by 5:00pm est (see rfp section 6 for submission instructions).
01/27/2025 anticipated contract award date. 
07/01/2025 anticipated service start date.  (see rfp section 4 for more details).

rfp documents
download and unzip the files below to view the full rfp and all related documents.

2025 cw mars erate rfp category one services.zip
2025 cw mars erate rfp category two services.zip















become a member library



  
							become a member library						 
 
 

why be part of cw mars?libraries interested in cw mars membership are encouraged to read through our list of member benefits and membership requirements.



membership requirementsmembership is open to libraries and other non-profit organizations that are

members of the massachusetts library system (mls)
governed by a single legal entity that has full administrative and fiscal responsibility for daily operations

member libraries must make all circulating collections available to all members of the consortia.



membership benefits



member library benefits

shared integrated library system (ils)
cataloging services and support
ils technical support and training
custom reports
annual statistics
access to consortia-wide subscriptions

overdrive econtent
novelist readers advisory database
novelist online catalog record enhancements
book cover images subscription
computer/room reservation software


cw mars applies for grants to keep membership affordable
cw mars negotiates group buying discounts



benefits for your patrons

access to millions of items in shared catalog
access to thousands of ebooks, audiobooks, magazines and video via consortial overdrive digital collection
holds priority on cw mars overdrive collection
easily place holds on materials via online catalog
pick up requested items at your library
use cw mars library card at any cw mars member library
ecommerce platform for online payments of fines and charges
my account allows patrons to manage notification settings, profile details, place holds, renew items, and pay fines/charges online
mobile apps for catalog and overdrive



optional member serivces

internet line and telecommunication hardware
technical support for networked libraries
wireless access, reporting and support
email and productivity tools
print management software including mobile print option
pc desktop support







 
 








 
check us out on mobile 
 






download now!





the cw mars libraries app is available on ios and android. with the app, you can...


search the catalog and place holds.


manage existing holds.


view items checked out.


pay fines and fees.


view and update lists.


display and use your digital library card (where accepted).


and more!




powered by aspen discovery supported by bywater solutionsv. 25.01.01loading, please wait...close






