





south end baseball



































donate
sponsors
contact



schedule

seb schedule
rbi schedule
schedule seb archive


standings
divisions
hall of fame

archives


scholarship
 

fields
coaches
parents
rules
media
 






our mission
south end baseball is a non-profit organization that provides a comprehensive youth baseball program to the south end community as well as roxbury, dorchester and chinatown. we stress the importance of teamwork, commitment, and fair play. we recruit and train volunteers and are committed to properly teaching the life lessons available through organized sports. south end baseball allows any child—aged 4 to 18—a chance to participate regardless of ability and financial means. there’s never a fee to play and no child is ever cut from a team.






news  &  events



winter workouts in the carter field bubble!
here’s the schedule for our time in the carter field bubble this winter. sessions are currently open to anyone who played in our minor or major leagues in 2024 or […]
read more


perfect game learning tutoring service
perfect game learning is a tutoring service for south end baseball minor and major league players founded by liliana previte, older sister of two seb players. pgl offers free tutoring […]
read more






» more news & events



chambers-rinkulis scholarship


our scholarship was established and given to south end baseball in 2002 by us in memory of norine’s brother, hugh. he was a passionate, gifted athlete and friend who died tragically […]
read more



hall of fame


the south end baseball hall of fame recognizes those individuals who have demonstrated outstanding effort throughout the season both on and off the field. each year, seb honors a player […]
read more








today's games

friday 1/10/25

winter workoutcarter field bubble5pm - 6pm
 contacts

mike kudisch, league commissioner
jose cordero, commissioner ages 13 to 15
owen carlson, president
peter shults, chairman, board of directors

field locations

jim rice field
peters park
carter field
madison park
rotch field

related links

john martin als fund
bay state baseball tournament of champions
boston park league baseball
boston red sox
lou tompkins all star baseball
triple crown sports
yawkey baseball league of boston





schedule
standings
hall of fame
scholarship
parents
media
contact
 

south end baseball
p.o. box 181120
boston, ma 02118
 

photography donated by boston university cdia

bonnie ryan
craig montague
edward holley

 

site design and development donated by boston university cdia

brian sanders
michael heam
tara hall

 









