springfield plastics | durability that lasts for generations


































drain for the cure
drainage tools
about
careers
our team
search for your representative
request a quote











markets
products
design & delivery services
news & events
contact us
drain for the cure
drainage tools
about
careers
our team
search for your representative
request a quote
search 



turn up the yields!


learn how a tile drainage system from springfield plastics can boost your yields.




trade show schedule


see which trade shows we'll be attending!




signs of quality


our single-wall pipe has the slot options to best meet your drainage needs.




we are hiring


apply today! limited-time hiring bonus up to $1,300 available and higher pay for night shift.




helping our communities


see how the springfield plastics team gives back to the communities we live and work in!

durability that lasts for generationswith offices in auburn, illinois, and humboldt, iowa, springfield plastics, inc. has created plastic pipe solutions for the agricultural, residential/building, commercial, and highway markets since 1978. we are the only u.s. manufacturer certified to use 100% virgin resin in all products. virgin resin provides peace of mind through the highest quality and consistency available in today's drainage market.when i first started 12 years ago, we probably dealt with three different companies. two of the companies i had some pipe issue with. i have never had a pipe issue with springfield plastics.

eric hubner, m&h excavating

request a quotelooking for an estimate for a project that springfield plastics can help with?


search for your area representativeuse the dropdown menus below to find the springfield plastics sales representative for your county.


meet the teamspringfield plastics has a team dedicated to meeting our customers' needs.
news

february 04, 2025
agri-tile inc. | mazon, iljoel sandeno first started working for agri-tile when he was still in high school. he bought the field drainage business in 2009.

november 05, 2024
mccoy & sons | streator, ilcraig mccoy has been working full-time for his father's company, mccoy & sons tiling & excavating since he graduated high school in 2007.

july 08, 2024
2024 summer stocking specialsthe springfield plastics summer stocking special is designed to reward customers who work with us to optimize the delivery process.contact ushave a question about our products and services? ask them here.
learn more  



our people
meet our team
join our teamour drainage products & services
learn about markets
find your product
discover our servicesour contact information
email us
request a quote
search for your representativeaddress
7300 west state route 104
auburn, il 62615
(800) 252-3361









©2025 springfield plastics. all rights reserved.  privacy policy | site map







search

     