








welcome to the bluffs on the lake - the bluffs on the lake































































menu
home
about us
bluff’s specials
our menu
camping
photo gallery
contact info & directions
 




welcome to the bluffs on the lake





thanks for taking the time to come to our website where you can learn all about the food and drinks we serve, the services we offer, and our beautiful location. once you see all of this, we’re sure you’ll want to visit the bluffs on the lake.
enjoy the view from our spacious deck
the best burgers in northern michigan
with close to forty years of combined experience, our chefs deliver a full menu of delicious and sumptuous food, including burgers that have been described as the “the best burgers in northern michigan.” in addition, we feature michigan-made craft beers along with standard selections. we smoke all our own meats with applewood, we cut our steaks to order, and all of our signature sauces, including our mayo, is homemade. check out our menu.
the bluffs is easy to find
the bluffs on the lake is easy to find. we’re directly across from the black mountain recreation area, and we’re only a short drive from rogers city, cheboygan, onaway and indian river.
we’re at the trailhead
the bluffs on the lake is at the trailhead for all northeast michigan trails. we welcome visitors all year-round, including mountain bikers, hikers, and motorcyclists in the warmer weather, and snowmobilers and cross-country skiers when it turns cold.  in fact, the cross country ski trail groomer comes directly to the front door of our restaurant. boaters can dock on our northeast shore, and we’ll be glad to pick you up in our golf cart and bring you directly to the restaurant.
the bluffs campground
the bluffs campground is closed for the 2021 season.












 
 

easy to find the secluded bluffs on the lake is off of doriva beach road, directly across from the black mountain recreation area. 
we’re only a short drive from rogers city, cheboygan, onaway, and indian river.
 facebook friends - drop by for some delicious burgers and beer while admiring our beautiful view. please go "like" our page.

 

we accept the following cards 
featuring 16 tap craft beers

 

the bluffs on the lake 10905 high bluffs dr.
cheboygan, mi 49721  
[map | directions]

phone: 231-625-2080

hours: monday - wednesday - closedthursday - 4 to 9 pmfriday - 4 to 10 pmsaturday - noon to 10 pm  sunday - noon to 9 pm
 




				copyright 2019 the bluffs on the lake. 
web design and hosting by palmerworks design.			






 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email



name



website














































