

















experience the black hills | custer state park resort


























skip to content


book your 2025 online lodging & activity reservations today. season '25 starts april 25.







 


plan your trip


book now


blue bell lodge


state game lodge


sylvan lake lodge


legion lake lodge


downloadable guides




activities


experiences


scenic drives & stops


buffalo roundup


winter stays


nearby activities




lodging


cabins


lodge rooms


specials


reservation policy


pet policy




dining


groups & events


weddings


meetings & retreats


family reunions


motorcoach groups


banquet spaces


catering






























































welcome to custer state park resorts, where there's always more to explore.
explore










south dakota's finest
custer state park resort welcomes visitors to our historic lodges and cabins with modern conveniences in custer state park. we're located in the southern region of the black hills of south dakota, featuring the state's finest landscapes, recreation, and wildlife.
plan my trip
























stay in custer state park




lodge rooms
book a cozy room at one of four historic lodges laid throughout custer state park. each lodge is unique, so take a look and see which one suits your adventure.
explore lodge rooms


cabins
book a specialty cabin for rustic comfort and privacy. ideal for families and other group gatherings. cabins can comfortably sleep anywhere from 12 to 28 guests. 
explore cabins








adventure right outside your door








buffalo safari jeep tour
 in custer state park
take an unforgettable safari through the park in search of pronghorns, elk, and the noble buffalo.








hayride & chuck wagon cookout
 in custer state park
evening scenic wildlife hayride followed by a steak dinner and live entertainment in the csp backcountry.








needles highway
 in custer state park
a spectacular custer state park drive through pine and spruce forest meadows surrounded by rugged granite mountain spires.








wildlife loop road
 in custer state park
a wildlife hotspot. travel through 18 miles of open grasslands and pine-speckled hills. plan for photo ops!








buffalo roundup
don't miss the annual buffalo roundup at custer state park, a one-of-a-kind event that takes place at the end of each september.








nearby activities
custer state park resort is central to some of the top attractions in the southern black hills region. explore nearby activities to keep you busy during your trip.




bring your hiking boots—there's a lot to see at custer state park. explore some of the top attractions and activities, just minutes from our resort.
view all activities






what's happening at custer



historic room restorations announced
the historic rooms of the state game lodge are seeing a full interior renovation for 2025.

read more



winter 2024-2025 trail challenge
the list is out! hike all trails between nov 28 and april 4, 2025 to earn your pin.

read more



valentine's day dinner
an intimate meal in our white house dining room for 2025.

read more




            view all
          














stay in the know
keep up with custer when you sign up for email updates.




email





submit







get in touch
888-875-0001

















 

 



about


careers


plan your trip


book now


news


contact




        site by 



 





