







mtm molded products



































































































              home
            

              boxes
            

              carrying cases
            

              tool boxes / utility cases
            

              dry boxes
            

              belt boxes
            

            get a quote
          

            customizing
          



            contact
          


















































homeboxescarrying casestool boxes / utility casesdry boxesbelt boxesget a quotecustomizing











contact









scroll








custom plastic packaging

 












    request a quote
  

 

explore our 5 packaging types:









plastic boxes







plastic carrying cases







tool / utility boxes







dry boxes







belt boxes

















booshk beauty co.
“the containers we purchased from mtm are exactly what we needed; small, light, and with a secure closure. we appreciate that we were able to have our container made in our signature color to really compliment our brand.“















delta defense
promo item with custom branding.






    request a quote
  

  









 


    request a catalog
  



call if you have questions - 937-890-7376













































customplastic packaging



plastic boxes and plastic cases specializing in living-hinged plastic storage boxes. since 1969, mtm has been a manufacturer of injection-molded carrying cases. today, we have over 100 different boxes to suit your needs. mtm has 20 colors for you to choose from, and we ship in an average of 1 to 6 weeks. our goal is to personalize our box to fit your needs so that your customers will remember you!








since 1969



mtm has been a manufacture of injection molded carrying cases. today, we have over 100 different boxes to suit your needs.








made in ohiodayton, ohio


   


















"proud to be american-made."— us






 









mission



personalizing our plastic boxes, dry boxes, toolboxes, carrying cases and plastic cases to fit your needs, so that your customers will appreciate and remember you!








 we are the factory and we produce these products in dayton with american and japanese plastic injection molding machines. we are a small company that has been blessed to be in business for the last 55 years (2023). our products are made from prime-grade plastic with extra thick walls for outstanding durability.we want to thank you for being our customer and we will do our best to provide you with a product you can trust.mtm molded is a division of mtm molded products of dayton ohio. mtm started molding in 1968 as a plastic box manufacturer in the sporting goods business.




    contact mtm molded products
  








top of page



about us



about



ingredients



batch 2



press



batch 3



the founders



new page














faqprivacy









