



home - spanset







































































×



modal body text goes here.


yes
no






















































 login
            





email



password



login


            		forgot my password            	

                            register as a new user
                             






products







training
services
sales
news
company






us




change country >













email



password



login


            		forgot my password            	

                            register as a new user
                             




























































world leader in lifting, cargo control and fall protection 
spanset has been providing lifting, lashing and height safety solutions for 50 years.these human and load movements supose a risk to the company and workers, so we must be aware  and take safety measures.







 

 
 



















   fall protection
     height, competence and trust     show the products >
 












   lifting
     challenge, experience and security    show the products >
 












   cargo control
     power, performance and reliability    show the products >
 












   safety management
     aspiration, knowledge and calm    show the services >
 

 
 











 
 











 



quality and service - our commitment to you
as a recognized industry leader, spanset has directed its business with the understanding that success is guided by customer satisfaction. if we are to grow and prosper, we fully understand that we must continue to offer good quality merchandise, dependable service, qualified technical support and competitive pricing. spanset, inc. is committed to these principals. 
keeping jobs right here at home. “made in the usa” - that stands for something. it means quality, safety and gives you confidence that your equipment will stand the rigors of your job. it also means your purchase supports american jobs. 
view company >    contact >
 

 
 

































rescue & self-rescue range
product guide >
 
 
















make lifting loads safe and effective
by choosing spanset quality products for lifting, you can move nearly any load – while protecting the material and ensuring the safety of the people.
see our roundslings >




















xcut™ sleeve
protective sleeve made from uhmpe for lifting slings and roundslings, which offers the best protection for your textile lifting gear against cuts. 
view xcut




















magnum® bio based round sling
high performance eco-friendly round slings
made in the usa. including all material and manufacturing
view magnum bio-based roundsling







 

 
 












now available on-line!

 
 










twintex
round sling 2600-40000lbs
high-tenacity polyester yarn encased in a smooth, double-wall tightly woven cover 

  from $ 17.57 
  






joker hooks
hooks
restore safety and functionality with the joker hook latch kit

  from $ 40.30 
  






us1121 - universal
positioning harness
fall arrest harness with side d-rings for work positioning, ansi certified

  from $ 82.84 
  






single leg - fall arrest lanyard
lanyard
fall arrest lanyard with snap hook

  from $ 37.16 
  






twin leg fall arrest lanyard
lanyard


  from $ 56.99 
  






loadgard 2 inch ratchet strap
loadgard 2" yellow standard treated webbing








weargard 2 inch ratchet strap
2” ratchet assemblies with long, wide handle








twintex – stage sling
round slings 2600-5300 lbs
ideal for inconspicuous suspension of sound and lighting equipment

  from $ 13.04 
  



 

 
 










customer servicetoll free: 800-334-7505contact usproductsfall protectionliftingcargo controldownloadsdigital catalogsproduct demo videos
service & linksconsultingtrainingcompanyhistoryabout usour sales teamnews & eventsquality certificationiso 9000
safety standards ansi z359asme b30.9osha 1910.184wstdaus dot follow uslinkedinfacebookinstagramtwitter 









en




    united states    (change country)





change country


united states
brazil
united states


europe
france
germany
italy
netherlands
poland
portugal
spain
switzerland
united kingdom


asia
australia
indonesia
taiwan






cancel







privacy policy


terms and conditions




© 2025. spanset. all rights reserved




































 














