
















writing - writing.com






































writing.com
where the writers go ™

for writing!

















why join our online writing community?
free to join, creative inspiration, and so much to do!




all writerswelcome
writing.com welcomes writers of all interests and skill levels. whether you're a writer looking for the perfect place to store and display your poetry, stories and other writing or a reader willing to offer feedback for our writers and their writings, this is the website for you. meet and bond with fresh creative minds!




creativeenvironment
writing.com is a writers' playground, full of useful tools, inspirations, community support, and motivation! we offer writers hundreds of unique writing tools and opportunities for creation and productivity: your own portfolio, community newsfeed, contests, activities, rewards, and recognitions!




store your writing
all members may display up to ten items for free in their own portfolio. set these to private or public display and edit any time you wish! we provide members with many ways to share these items within the community and beyond. you are also given an @writing.com email address for your account for email.








what is writing.com?
a diverse, thriving, bustling online community of creativity




about us
since founding this friendly, social network for writers in september 2000, it has grown to be one of the largest online writing websites. each day hundreds of new members join in the fun, and thousands of our current members welcome them with open arms.about writing.com




get started
we give you tips for quickly getting started with your account on writing.com. think of this as your jump start for getting your work and presence online. the more you learn about this vast, exciting website, the more fun you will ultimately have each time you log in.signup now








what are members saying?
don't just take our word for it!




"most supportive

              and helpful"


"wonderfully

              creative place"


"acceptance

              and encouragement"





"i was very quiet...
...lacked confidence and did not mix with people well. i still am quiet and still find it difficult to communicate with people. however, since joining this site, my confidence has grown a tremendous amount. i have had work published , i have done a whole term in an english course and won an award for student of the year. all of this in little over a year. i believe this has been made possible through joining wdc and i hope it will continue for many more years." -sanita





"writing.com is a wonderful site...
... for budding writers as well as established professionals. there's something for everyone, a caring community that supports its own in our struggle to become better writers. if you want to write, this is the place to do it!" -ahlewis32





"i have to say, from the bottom of my heart...

...i have received some of the most helpful, kindest reviews since i have joined some three years ago. thank you for letting me reveal my soul and pour my guts out to you guys." -aintnosaint










site linksrefer a memberlink to writing.comadvertise with uscopyright policyprivacy statementdo not sell my infoterms of servicesite archiveclose an account


resourceswriting.com 101f.a.q.genre listingcopyrightsself publishingwriting classeswriting promptsnewsletters


questions?
please post questions in our support forum. we are happy to help!
social
facebooktwitter

pinterest







copyright 2000 - 2022

        21 x 20 media all rights reserved. this site is property of 21 x 20 media.

        
all writing.com images are copyrighted and may not be copied / modified in any way.

        all other brand names & trademarks are owned by their respective companies.

page generated: 02-18-2025 9:16am est










