
 
 






home | u92 the moose | west virginia university













 








skip to main content

west virginia university 



wvu home


search












          would you like to search this site specifically, or all wvu websites?
        


search this site



search wvu







 
 


toggle search

home

listen live
tunein
radiofx app



schedule & programs
alternate routes
audio swamp
beyond the binary
blind alley
the diner
morgantown sound
new music pioneer
time warp
game night on the moose
m and m in the morning
dear carolynn
melody's 80's show


music

podcasts
run the ball sports podcast
moose tracks
beyond the boot soccer podcast
two minute drill
pit 2 podium formula one podcast
u92 the moose podcast show
the sportspage
beyond the mat: wrestle talk with nico caretto
the prt boys
mountaineer sports insider
guardians of the continuum
stirring the pot podcast
the cinematic odyssey

past podcasts
the classroom with brett and hal
politi-moose  podcast
first and moose
the good, the bad, and the strange podcast
double take podcast
the draftzone podcast
say something nice
dirty jersey
solving the world with jonathan hamilton and joel butcher
tnt with tanski and tanner
the sparta-neer
hoopin’ with mike & brian
checked out





sports
wvu baseball
wvu men's soccer
wvu women's soccer
wvu women's basketball
black bears baseball

u92 sports team
tannor lambert
jonathan hamilton
tanner mountz





wireless
u92 ‘the moose’ named finalist for college broadcasters, inc. awards
u92's pledge your love to the moose marathon
u92 kicks off 2023 fall semester with orientation
wvu vs. duquesne football on u92
wvu vs. pittsburgh
u92 broadcasts wvu's backyard brawl victory
rombold's rec: jonah kagen
u92 will celebrate world college radio day
gallo's greats: have heart
a look into the wvu women's soccer team
wvu men's soccer takes on marshall
gallo's greats: youth
u92 to broadcast coverage of wvu in sunbelt tournament
wvu men's soccer to play south carolina in sunbelt tournament
women's bball game notes: nov. 7, 2023
u92 news updates: november 14, 2023
wvu men's soccer recap
women's basketball takes on saint bonaventure
wvu men's soccer takes on loyola marymount
u92 official albums of the year
women's basketball takes on wright state
wvu women's basketball to play cincinnati
mountaineers host houston in wednesday night’s big 12 matchup
u92ers ready to shock the world
mountaineers set to face off against iowa state
mountaineers to host texas tech
wvu women's basketball to host oklahoma
wvu hosts canisius
wvu women’s basketball to host tcu in final regular season matchup
u92 crushes pledge drive goal
wvu women's basketball set to face off against cincinnati in the 2nd round of the big 12 conference tournament. 
wvu to play cincinnati at big 12 tournament
wvu will host ohio state for a three game series
mountaineers look for a win in game two against ohio state
mountaineers looking to shake off losing streak against in-state rival marshall 
mountaineers set to take on the top seeded iowa hawkeyes in the second round of 32 of the ncaa tournament
west virginia trying to extend winning streak against akron
dj matt's album review: of robert smith, legacy, and disintegration
 night of the where wolf
jolene celebrates turning 50 years old
wvu baseball to host ucf on sunday
8-tracks to no tracks: the rise and fall of mixtapes in hip-hop
album review: e3 by midwxst
louisiana's phenomenal pop combo turns 50
max's hot take: jack antonoff is only good for jack antonoff 
wvu baseball to host baylor in three game series
"wisecrack" an album by haley blais
morgantown diy survival
julianna pond's review: ericdoa
pitt hosts wvu for baseball backyard brawl matchup
the sublime rage of bladee’s cold visions
underground icon: the legacy of an alt-rock pioneer
chaotic but cohesive-- inner city witches' hoof!
the moose goes to the movies part 1: almost famous 
"where you thought you would be"
u92 will broadcast wvu football vs. penn state
no. 3 wvu men’s soccer look to play saint francis at home 
no. 4 wvu men’s soccer to play george  washington at home
wvu women's soccer look to break two game losing streak against robert morris in the gold rush game 
wvu women's soccer looks to extend winning streak against james madison in the true blue game
wvu women’s soccer to play liberty to conclude  three-game homestand
why did u.s. music get boring? the decline of iconic music videos and choreography
no need to imagine this greatness: “imaginal disk” by magdalena bay (review)
west virginia to play pitt in the 107 backyard brawl 
no. 1 wvu men’s soccer set to play unc greensboro at home
stay golden? in this economy?
into the mystic: home-made music for astral projection
mountaineers set to open big xii play against jayhawks of kansas
underdressed at the symphony, reviewed by sarah dixon
in the court of the moose: a look back at king crimson 
wvu men’s soccer to play kentucky in a friday night showdown
four local bands you must check out!
west virginia women's soccer play the university of central florida knights after arizona road trip 
wvu men's soccer to host ucf on saturday
memoir of sparkle muffin review
no seriously, why is everyone dancing all of a sudden?
max's review: tophouse
aespa: a new sound in kpop
the hardwood is back
wvu women's soccer hosts texas tech
game preview: ors-navarro, wvu looks to rebound
wvu women’s soccer search for a bounce back against colorado
the new sound or just the same old noise? 
wvu men’s soccer to host georgia state on wednesday
is jojo siwa’s debut ep guilty pleasure as bad as the internet is telling you?
wvu men’s soccer welcomes coastal  carolina on halloween night
moose on the loose! mj lenderman and the wind, 10/29/24
west virginia men’s basketball begins season against robert morris
wvu to host umass
no. 16 west virginia women's basketball set to host niagara in game two of regular season campaign
top-seeded mountaineers host georgia southern in first sun belt championship match
tyler the creator, more than music: opinion-based blog by chloe kuntz
wvu hosts pitt at home
glimmer of god by jean dawson, review by d.j. connor roberts
west virginia host kentucky in sun belt semifinals
women's basketball will host texas a&m
west virginia looks to make a statement against marshall in sun belt championship game
opinion-based review: kelsea ballerini’s patterns by emma domingo
wvu women’s basketball hosts bowling green tuesday night
fazerdaze on growth, both in sound and mind with “soft power”
west virginia looks for bounce back win against iona after backyard brawl 
wvu men’s soccer to host north florida in first round of the ncaa tournament
mathy, melancholic, and maddeningly good-- pomfret's you'll be back when things fall apart
moose on the loose in philadelphia! adrianne lenker
west virginia men's basketball to host georgetown friday night
wvu hires rich rodriguez as next football head coach
moose on the loose in huntington! evan honer, 12/10/24
west virginia men’s basketball encounter bethune-cookman saturday 
wvu closes out non-conference play with matchup against mercyhurst
u92 the moose’s albums of the year, 2024
wvu women's basketball welcomes byu saturday
the 21st ranked mountaineers welcome the arizona wildcats to the coliseum for a big 12 contest
west virginia men’s basketball hosts iowa state 
no. 20 wvu women's basketball to host iowa state
putting the hardcore in post-hardcore– starling’s global arbor
bad company? more like good company: 10 from 6
west virginia looks to remain hot against sun devils
the devil you know is the devil you want: deconstructing “perverts” by ethel cain 
west virginia aims to bounce back at home vs no. 6 houston
concerning casimir palaski and the cubs: a look back at illinois(e)
west virginia continues climb in  rankings as kansas comes to town
darkness on the edge of town: review
a long time assistant returns to morgantown 
mountaineers look to extend win streak against visiting brigham young university
wvu women’s basketball celebrates senior day against the university of cincinnati



contact

executive staff
aneissa gallo
harley cochran
max clark
mason deel
matthew mikos
cam scott
joey bray 
kylie tuttle
cheyenne torres


facebook
instagram
twitter
tiktok
newsletter
music submissions


join/volunteer
advertising and sponsorships
give to u92

about us
join/volunteer
meet the moose
give to u92
advertising and sponsorships
contest rules
audio/video release form
podcast release form
public file
contact us/staff



2025 pledge drivepledge drive sponsorship packages

u92 newsletter
the date show










u92 the moose college radio at wvu


since 1982, u92 the moose, wwvu-fm is the source of new music and broadcaster development at
  west virginia university.
listen live now 

u92 newsletter




"pledge your love to the moose" pledge drive



u92 the moose is hosting 36 straight hours of live programming as we present
      our "pledge your love to the moose" pledge drive! listen in thursday, feb.
      13 and friday, feb. 14 as our djs and broadcasters will be live for 36 hours,
      playing love-themed music shows, special sports programming, interviews with
      special guests, and much more.
      help us reach our goal by donating today and tomorrow!
    

learn more
        donate here





















now playing on u92 the moose:







 








 

 

update required
                  to play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your flash plugin.
              
 
 








wireless blog





read all








: wvu women’s basketball celebrates senior day against the university of cincinnati: wvu women’s basketball celebrates senior day against the university of cincinnati


wvu women’s basketball celebrates senior day against the university of cincinnati: wvu women’s basketball celebrates senior day against the university of cincinnati



                      cody burton
                     
 
                  | friday, february 14, 2025
 

the no. 18 west virginia mountaineers (19-5) look to bounce back on its senior day against the university of cincinnati bearcats (14-9). 
in its last game at baylor university, wvu could never put the breaks on the bears’ high-powered offensive attack, losing 75-65. junior jordan harrison had a solid game for the mountaineers, scoring 20 points on 7/13 shooting and four steals. 
 

 




: mountaineers look to extend win streak against visiting brigham young university: mountaineers look to extend win streak against visiting brigham young university


mountaineers look to extend win streak against visiting brigham young university: mountaineers look to extend win streak against visiting brigham young university



                      andrew hartlove
                     
 
                  | monday, february 10, 2025
 

the west virginia mountaineers are set to take on the cougars of brigham young university (byu) at the wvu coliseum on tuesday evening. 
the mountaineers are coming off an important 72-61 win last saturday over the utah utes. while senior guard javon small was held to only 5 shots from the field, fifth-year guard joseph yesufu and sophomore forward amani hansberry both went 6-10, and four players finished with over 10 points despite being at a severe height disadvantage. 
 

 




: a long time assistant returns to morgantown : a long time assistant returns to morgantown 


a long time assistant returns to morgantown : a long time assistant returns to morgantown 



                      quinn robie
                     
 
                  | friday, february 07, 2025
 

former longtime wvu assistant and interim head coach josh eilert returns to the wvu coliseum for the first time since not being retained by the university. 
josh eilert was on staff in numerous roles at west virginia from 2007-2024. eilert took on the interim head coaching position after the dismissal of bob huggins before the 2023 season. under eilert, wvu went 9-23 with wins over kansas and texas who were in the top 25 at the time.  eilert was hired by utah in the offseason. 
 

 
 
 
 










  u92 presents three live bands, thursday, february 13, starting at 7 p.m.
  
hear the bedheads, american boxer, and omit the fifth live at the gluck theater
    in the mountainlair.

  


learn more












    podcasts

see all podcasts


 




















 
 


    latest news
  


news updates from the da:

undefined method `items' for nil:nilclass


read more from the da
 










 



program on the air now:


loading...

see full schedule




u92 request line:
304-293-3692
live dj and request chat:

 chat now

  on the radio:
  
91.7fm, wwvu


  listen online:
  



u92 live stream


tunein


download the u92 app

















follow us on instagram
      


 
 view this profile on instagram

 
   

  

   

   
u92 the moose (@u92_fm) • instagram photos and videos





follow us on tiktok
  @u92fm  



 





  stay connected



listen to u92 the moose at 91.7 fm on your radio or stream live here on our website
  or at
  tunein. you can also ask alexa to "play u92 the moose."

subscribe to our mailing list










   



    



     



  

follow the moose










wwvu-fm
west virginia university
  284 prospect st, morgantown, wv 26506
  
304-293-4141



 


accreditations
web standards
privacy notice
questions or comments?

© 2025 west virginia university. wvu is an eeo/affirmative action employer — minority/female/disability/veteran.
    last updated on february 6, 2025.

 


a-z site index
campus map
wvu careers
directory


give
handshake
wvu alert
wvu today
wvu portal




wvu on facebook




wvu on twitter




wvu on youtube



 
 














 




 



