
conducting behavioral and psychological research over the internet | r. chris fraley






 
 


how 
      to conduct behavioral research over the internet: a beginner's guide to 
      html and cgi/perl

internet resource 
      for the book by r. chris fraley, published by guilford 
      press 




chapter 
      overviews and demonstrations
      learn more about the topics covered by the book and see live demonstrations 
      of the exercises
downloads
        download the html, cgi/perl, and image files used in the book
faq
        read answers to frequently asked questions about conducting research online
 discussion 
        forum
        share ideas, scripts, and questions with others on the online forum. [temporarily down]
order 
        the book
        order a copy of the book via the guilford 
        press 

resources 
        and links
        links to programs that may be of interest to online researchers
 
 

  


overview 
        of the book 

        during the last few years, an increasing number of behavioral scientists 
        have expressed an interest in using the world wide web as a tool for conducting 
        psychological research. it is easy to understand the appeal of using "the 
        web" for research purposes. just about any study that can be conducted 
        via traditional pencil-and-paper methods can be implemented on-line, but 
        without the hassles of explicit transcription or data entry, the scheduling 
        of participants, and paper costs. moreover, behavioral scientists who 
        use computers in their experiments for manipulating visual or narrative 
        stimuli, randomizing trials, or creating customized assessments can easily 
        implement their studies on-line. finally, although researchers can use 
        the web simply as an efficient way to collect data from undergraduates 
        in their departmental subject pools, the web allows us to open our laboratory 
        doors to participants from across the world.

        unfortunately, there are very few resources available to the behavioral 
        scientist who wishes to create on-line research studies. some books provide 
        excellent reviews of the many tools that can be used for internet research, 
        but do not serve as a useful guides for how to program on-line studies. 
        other books provide wonderful introductions to cgi programming--a technique 
        that is necessary for most kinds of on-line research--but are not written 
        with the research scientist in mind. 

        my objective in writing this book was to create a basic, step-by-step 
        guide for behavioral scientists who are interested in using the internet 
        to conduct empirical research. this book has been written to be a one-stop 
        shop, if you will, for moving from square one to the point at which the 
        reader can create dynamic and interactive studies online. with the help 
        of this book, any researcher with access to nothing more than a desktop 
        computer and an internet connection should be able to conduct on-line 
        research within two weeks or less. 

        the book begins by showing the reader how to obtain access to a web server 
        and design rudimentary web pages in html. once the reader has mastered 
        these basic skills, the book introduces cgi programming in perl. cgi programs 
        are designed to run on a web server, and, unlike standard html web pages, 
        these programs can be used to create a dynamic, interactive web experience 
        for the user. by using cgi programs, researchers can (a) randomize the 
        presentation order of stimuli, (b) randomly assign subjects to conditions, 
        (c) automatically save response data to a file for data analysis, (d) 
        provide subjects with customized feedback based on their responses, (e) 
        exploit both text and image-based stimuli, (f) measure reaction times, 
        and (e) employ complex branching operations within a project. chapters 
        5 through 14 of the book teach the reader how to accomplish these things 
        through the use of detailed examples. each chapter presents one or two 
        examples on how to implement a "generic" research technique (i.e., random 
        assignment), explains the code in depth, and describes how the code can 
        be tailored to different applications. the final chapter of the book reviews 
        some of the advantages and disadvantages of web research. 

        the intended audience for this book is anyone who currently conducts research 
        in the behavioral sciences. although many of the techniques and applications 
        i discuss focus on psychological applications, non-psychologists should 
        have no trouble understanding how these tools can be used to serve their 
        purposes. 
r. chris fraley | 
        http://www.psych.uiuc.edu/~rcfraley/





 
  
