








home - jackson galleries
































































skip to content



february 18, 2025
facebook
twitter
instagram











jackson galleries
experience you can trust. professional artifact authentication.








home
authentication
training
articles
contact us!






search for:



 





main menu 










home 








welcome to jackson galleries – your source for professional artifact authentication, collector’s services and supplieswe pride ourselves on our world renowned artifact authentication service. to date we have evaluated over 2,500,000 ancient and historic era artifacts. we have built our reputation through consistent scientific analysis of the artifacts to determine their authenticity. for many years we were known for selling quality indian artifacts through our sales catalogs and the internet. we still sometimes offer a variety of artifacts for sale but in recent years we have directed our focus primarily to our authentication and appraisal services. our approach to artifact authentication is completely objective and highly scientific. our well-founded process is reliant on a highly scientific methodology based on facts compiled and corroborated by numerous related scientific papers by geologists, microbiologists, archaeologists, and forensic scientists… click here to find out more.if you really want ‘to know’ the facts about artifacts you have found the right place. not only are we able to evaluate authenticity but also are willing to teach you how to do it too! be sure to call for details about our ‘artifact evaluation training course’ we offer. click here to find out more. 

















ultraviolet light and its current role in artifact authentication october 9, 2006april 9, 2019







a visit with bill jackson and alex przygoda at jackson galleries april 8, 2006april 8, 2019







identifying fraudulent gregory perino certificates: methodolgy and research june 13, 2004april 9, 2019















search

search for:



find us address
po box 1005
mount sterling, ky 40353
hours
by appointment only
call 1-800-466-3836 to make an appointment

visit our sister sites 




 















					copyright © 2025 jackson galleries.				

					powered by wordpress and hitmag.				

















