








silly mortal | life's problems are often silly




























silly mortal
life's problems are often silly


menu
skip to content

home








star wars: episode vii – the force awakens official teaser trailer #1




star wars: episode vii – the force awakens official teaser trailer #1 (2015) – j.j. abrams movie hd 
a continuation of the saga created by george lucas set thirty years after star wars: episode vi – return of the jedi (1983).
the movieclips trailers channel is your destination for the hottest new trailers the second they drop. whether it’s the latest studio release, an indie horror flick, an evocative documentary, or that new romcom you’ve been waiting for, the movieclips team is here day and night to make sure all the best new movie trailers are here for you the moment they’re released.
in addition to being the #1 movie trailers channel on youtube, we deliver amazing and engaging original videos each week. watch our exclusive ultimate trailers, showdowns, instant trailer reviews, monthly mashups, movie news, and so much more to keep you in the know.
here at movieclips, we love movies as much as you!
“star wars” “star wars 7” “star wars: episode vii – the force awakens” “the force awakens” “star wars episode vii” “star wars: episode vii – the force awakens movie” “star wars: episode vii – the force awakens trailer” “j.j. abrams” “andy serkis” “carrie fisher” “harrison ford” “domhnall gleeson” “mark hamill” “oscar isaac” “lupita nyong’o” “adam driver” “warwick davis” leia “han solo” “luke skywalker” action adventure fantasy space “the force” rebel “death star” empire
 

			this entry was posted in uncategorized on november 30, 2014 by garbagecat.								




jurassic world – official trailer (hd)




jurassic world – official trailer (hd)
the park is open june 12
http://www.jurassicworldmovie.com/
 

			this entry was posted in uncategorized on november 30, 2014 by garbagecat.								




teen wolf season 4 returns to mtv on june 23




season premiere monday june 23 at 10/9c on mtv!
 

			this entry was posted in television and tagged mtv, teen wolf on june 9, 2014 by garbagecat.								




constantine coming to nbc this fall




based on the characters in dc comics’ stories about john constantine, an enigmatic and irreverent con man-turned-reluctant supernatural detective who is thrust into the role of defending us against dark forces from beyond. steven says: this is everything the keanu reeves movie of the same name was not. this series looks like they’re trying to be very, very faithful to the original hellblazer comic. – steven glassman
constantine nbc official trailer: get a look at the new series constantine coming to nbc fridays this fall.
 

			this entry was posted in uncategorized and tagged constantine, dc comics on may 25, 2014 by garbagecat.								




hieroglyph comes to fox in 2015




the world of ancient egypt — a time of magic, pharaohs, gods and thieves — lives again in hieroglyph, an exciting action-adventure series from creator/executive producer travis beacham (“pacific rim,” “clash of the titans”).
when a dangerous scroll, the book of thresholds, is stolen from egypt’s most secure vault, master thief ambrose (max brown, “beauty and the beast,” “mi-5”) is plucked from prison to track down the perpetrator. having spent the past five years in the darkest of pits, ambrose quickly learns that his prison cell might be safer than the dangerous new world in which he finds himself: atum, the empire’s capital. ambrose must answer to pharaoh shai kanakht (reece ritchie, “prince of persia: the sands of time”), a god in the flesh, a young ruler with a cool charm and a violent, frightening temper. the question for ambrose is not whether he can trust his new boss, but whether he can trust anyone.
also stalking the halls of the palace is nefertari kanakht (condola rashad, “smash,” “steel magnolias”), half-sister to the pharaoh, whose relationship with shai’s closest advisor, magister bek (guest star hal ozsan, “90210”), masks her own designs for power. finding few leads in the palace, ambrose’s investigation takes him to the doorstep of his long-lost love, peshet (caroline ford, “lake placid: the final chapter”), a magic-wielding adoratrice, a type of homespun priestess who uses her femininity as a portal to the gods…for the right price.
peshet was the keystone in ambrose’s merry band of thieves, an impressionable youth with great knowledge of magic, a woman who never saw a lock for which she didn’t have an unlocking charm. five years later, peshet has left her old life behind in a pious pursuit of divine contact. ambrose’s journey also leads him to old friends, such as vocifer (john rhys-davies, “the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the rings,” “raiders of the lost ark”), a peddler of mystical wares and ambrose’s mentor. but he also comes face-to-face with foes both old and new, from rawser (antony bunsee, “eastenders,” “sex and the city 2”), the pharaoh’s captain of the guard, who imprisoned him five years ago; to lotus tenry (kelsey chow, “one tree hill”), a palace concubine and spy for a rival kingdom.
as ambrose unravels the mystery of the book of thresholds, he begins to see the extent to which sorcery has seeped into the halls of power in ancient egypt, and how close it is to causing this great civilization’s downfall. hieroglyph is produced by chernin entertainment in association with 20th century fox television. the series is created and written by travis beacham.
the series is executive-produced by beacham, peter chernin (new girl, “touch”), katherine pope (new girl, “touch”) and anna fricke (“being human,” “men in trees”). miguel sapochnik (“mind games,” “repo men”) also serves as an executive producer and directed the pilot.
 

			this entry was posted in uncategorized and tagged hieroglyph on may 25, 2014 by garbagecat.								




gotham is coming to fox this fall




gotham is an origin story of the great dc comics super-villains and vigilantes, revealing an entirely new chapter that has never been told. this fall on fox!
 

			this entry was posted in television and tagged dc comics, gotham on may 25, 2014 by garbagecat.								




the flash – extended trailer




after a particle accelerator causes a freak storm, csi investigator barry allen is struck by lightning and falls into a coma. months later he awakens with the power of super speed, granting him the ability to move through central city like an unseen guardian angel. though initially excited by his newfound powers, barry is shocked to discover he is not the only “meta-human” who was created in the wake of the accelerator explosion — and not everyone is using their new powers for good. barry partners with s.t.a.r. labs and dedicates his life to protect the innocent. for now, only a few close friends and associates know that barry is literally the fastest man alive, but it won’t be long before the world learns what barry allen has become…the flash.

legend travels fast. don’t miss the flash, coming tuesdays this fall to the cw!
 

			this entry was posted in television and tagged dc comics, the flash on may 25, 2014 by garbagecat.								




pyro board: 2d rubens’ tube!




rubens’ tube is an awesome demo and here we take it to the next level with a two-dimensional ‘pyro board’. this shows unique standing wave patters of sound in the box.
the pressure variations due to the sound waves affect the flow rate of flammable gas from the holes in the pyro board and therefore affect the height and colour of flames. this is interesting for visualizing standing wave patterns and simply awesome to watch when put to music. thank you to sune nielsen and everyone at aarhus for sharing this demonstration with me! and thanks for having me at your conference.
music by kevin macleod, www.incompetech.com “ice flow”
 

			this entry was posted in uncategorized on april 20, 2014 by garbagecat.								




how frozen should have ended




anna and elsa’s parents just don’t get it. please enjoy our alternate ending to disney’s hit “frozen”.
 

			this entry was posted in parody and tagged frozen, how it should have ended on april 20, 2014 by garbagecat.								




mariah carey – all i want for christmas is you (chatroulette version)




youtube and chatroulette video star steve kardynal only wants you for christmas.
 

			this entry was posted in comedy on december 24, 2013 by garbagecat.								


post navigation
← older posts







search for:





recent posts


star wars: episode vii – the force awakens official teaser trailer #1


jurassic world – official trailer (hd)


teen wolf season 4 returns to mtv on june 23


constantine coming to nbc this fall


hieroglyph comes to fox in 2015


recent commentsarchives

november 2014
june 2014
may 2014
april 2014
december 2013

categories

comedy

commercials

how-to

movie trailers

parody

science

technology

television

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 



proudly powered by wordpress






