






























welcome to northwest texas healthcare system, amarillo, tx





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
price transparency



search


806-354-1000806-354-1000



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: telehealth 
balance center 
behavioral health 
cardiology 
centrx pharmacy 
childbirth center 
children's hospital 
diabetes center 
emergency services 
gastroenterology 
medical nutrition therapy 
neurology and neurosurgery 
nwths therapy center 
orthopedic services 
radiology 
rehabilitation 
respiratory care 
sleep disorders center 
sports medicine 
stroke services 
surgery 
trauma care 
vascular surgery 
weight-loss surgery 
wound care 
women's services 


patients & visitors for patients: daisy award for extraordinary nurses 
health records online 
online registration — regie 
patient bill of rights 
patient safety 
price guide 
employee nomination form 
health equity 
no surprises act 
obtaining your medical records 
send a thank you note 

billing and insurance: online bill pay 
health insurance marketplace 
insurance plans 

for visitors: visitor information 
maps and directions 
phone directory 
send note to patient 


events & programs events: event calendar 
support groups 

programs: volunteering 


about about us awards and accreditations 
leadership 
news 
contact us 

resources blog 
health news online 
health risk assessments 
podcasts 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
price transparency
 



search form

search 



































when it comes to your health, we're all in. at northwest texas healthcare system 
find out more! 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	careers	    









  
   
ribbon-cutting ceremony
join us on february 20 at 3 p.m. for the ribbon cutting for northwest emergency at tascosa.
learn more


    
   
health news summer 2024
learn about memory loss, peripheral artery disease and more in this edition of health news.
read the latest edition


    
   
100 years of service
celebrating 100 years of service to northwest texas
watch the video


    
   
health risk assessments from northwest texas healthcare system
health risk assessments can help you discover important information about your health.
start now


 


previous next 








































northwest texas healthcare system announces new chief financial officer 

northwest texas healthcare system announces new chief financial officer 
northwest texas healthcare system, a 495-bed facility with over 2,000 employees serving the top 26 counties of the texas panhandle and neighboring...
read 

northwest texas healthcare system awarded stroke rehabilitation certification from the joint commission

northwest texas healthcare system awarded stroke rehabilitation certification from the joint commission
northwest texas healthcare system has earned the joint commission’s gold seal of approval® for stroke rehabilitation certification by demonstrating...
read 

u.s. news & world report names northwest texas healthcare system among best hospitals for 2024-2025 in heart attack and heart failure 

u.s. news & world report names northwest texas healthcare system among best hospitals for 2024-2025 in heart attack and heart failure 
a 'best hospital' recognition empowers patients to seek out medical care from the best of the best to treat their illness or condition.
read 




blog


at the  northwest texas healthcare system blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


is it the winter blues or something more?

is it the winter blues or something more? january 20, 2025 
	it’s that time of year for the winter blues and seasonal affective disorder. here are ways to recognize the differences and know when it’s time to seek help. read article 
 

this simple screening could save your heart

this simple screening could save your heart january 20, 2025 
	according to the centers for disease control and prevention, heart disease is the leading cause of death among u.s. adults. cardiac imaging can help keep your heart healthy – here’s how. read article 
 

this is one of the most common illnesses in kids

this is one of the most common illnesses in kids january 16, 2025 
	approximately five out of six kids have at least one ear infection before they are old enough to start preschool. many kids have more than one. read article 
 



all blog articles
 

 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events









hospital facts & numbers
at northwest texas healthcare system

0

                    total physicians                


0

                    employees                


0

                    volunteers                




 
















northwest texas healthcare system1501 south coulter street, amarillo, tx 79106806-354-1000806-354-1000 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news
northwest texas physician group



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	the northwest texas healthcare system® is operated by a subsidiary of universal health services, inc.  (uhs), a king of prussia, pa-based company, that is one of the nation's largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services.

	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither the the northwest texas healthcare system or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors, shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.            

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





site map
privacy policy
terms of use
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
language assistance
non-discrimination notice
employee self service
s.h.i.n.e program
accessibility statement
price transparency
code of conduct
compliance hotline



© 2025 northwest texas healthcare system. all rights reserved.














