



towability catering trailers, catering trailer manufacturers, mobile catering vans – mobile catering trailers and mobile street food conversions























































 


skip to main content














close search
 








 



search
0 

 
menu    




home
about us
showroom
our range
instagram
news
for sale
contact


search 



 0  



 was successfully added to your cart.					
cart

















    
towabilitythe all new kiosk container 
find out more

      
towabilitymanufacturers of mobile catering and vending units - established since 1983
      
towability supercontinentalhigh output mobile catering
        
towability euromarketeergreat mobile street food solution. extremely versatile eye level catering solution.
      
mobile catering van conversionsstart your mobile street food business today!
      
citroen h-vancitroen h-van conversions by towability. specialist uk converters of citroen h-vans.
citroen h-van horse box - converted to wood fired pizza street food offer. 
     1    
  1        









  
welcome to towability
we build catering trailers and van conversions bespoke to customers unique specifications. specialists for mobile catering solutions and street food conversions and catering trailers. 






  
carefully crafted and customised
towability, has an extensive choice of mobile catering trailers, kiosks, hospitality, exhibition units and catering equipment on offer, both new and used.we manufacture catering trailers for food or beverages that are tailored to your own individual requirements. 






  
van conversions
we specialise in van conversions for all catering solutions. citroen h-van&#8217;s to aixiam mega vans.<br />
coffee vans | wood fired pizza vans | alternatively you can provide your own vehicle for conversion.. 






































































































street food van conversion specialists
 
 




























the kiosk container
the all new kiosk container is built on the same dimensions as a shipping container. with endless possibilities this container can be fitted out for an office, small shop, catering unit and more!
here at our home at nene court, wellingborough we are building a box park with our stylish kiosk containers, with already two kiosks in use!












options built with you in mind
towability offers the largest selection of mobile catering trailers, different models, different construction. with endless options tailored to suit your needs each trailer is uniquely customised and individual.
you may find the choice a bit overwhelming but we are here to help:-
from discussing the concept through to the sign writing towability will guide you through the process. please contact us and let us turn your ideas into reality.
please visit our main trailer showroom to see the many variations of towability catering trailers




























hot on street food
there is no escaping the popularity of “street food” at the moment with a real buzz of gourmet food in towns and cities across the country. featured in most of the tv and media publicity is the h van and vw camper van which have now become the “face” of chic motorised street food. along with these vehicles with have seen a huge demand for piaggio ape’s, mega vans, and many small motorised van conversion like toyota dyna, citroen relays and peugeot cab’s branded in a unique style.











you’re in good company
where would mcdonalds be if they had gone for the cheapest locations and the most basic equipment?
when you choose towability you are in good company: – costa coffee, coca cola schweppes, walls, lyons maid, national trust, lindley group, centerplate, mitie, selfridges, rank, welcome break, compass, butlins, haven warner, u.s. air force, burger king and the metropolitan police are just a few of the large organisations that have dealt with us.











catering equipment
we strongly recommend that if you have the opportunity to visit our display site we have the largest selection of complete catering trailers and equipment.
in the meantime if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us.











quality assured
towability has received accreditation in accordance with the requirements of bsen 1s0 9001. this confirms our commitment to implementing procedures that ensure we maintain our level of quality control.













 covid 19 update 

		  covid 19 update		






address time leisure limited t/a towability
nene court
the embankment
wellingborough
northamptonshire
nn8 1ld

tel: +44 (0) 1933 229025
 

youtube 




 fresh from the factory 






















newsletter 
email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human: 








© 2025 towability catering trailers, catering trailer manufacturers, mobile catering vans. all rights reserved 2015, time leisure limited.



twitterfacebookyoutuberss 








close menu
 


home
about us
showroom
our range
instagram
news
for sale
contact







 



 














































