






home - ucisa






























            by continuing to browse our site, you are consenting to the use of cookies.  click here for more information on the cookies we use. 
            accept








connect share transform
























home


events


groups



                                corporate members
                            

showcase




                                jobs bank
                            

current jobs

job description bank



news and blogs



                                membership
                            

membership benefits

members directory

membership bands



resources














                    login
                
register















investigate the ucisa supplier showcases.
explore opportunities to collaborate and find the right partners for your future projects..
read more
















connect
share
transform









upcoming events




booking open

18 march 2025

                            ucisa25 leadership conference
                        

venue:   kings road, brighton, bn1 2gr

group:   
                                    ucisa
                                

read more




booking open

14 may 2025

                            wit25 – women in tech annual conference
                        

venue:   lime street, liverpool, l1 1nq

group:   
                                    women in tech
                                

read more




booking open

3 july 2025

                            ssg25: getting better all the time: sharing journeys to excellence in it support 
                        

venue:   3 thomas steers way. liverpool, l1 8lw

group:   
                                    support services group
                                

read more


 more events 







latest news and blogs






 higher education reference models – version 3.1 release
we are thrilled to announce the release of the latest version of our higher education reference models, version 3.1.
18 february 2025 read news 





 the ucisa awards 2025 – shortlist announced!
the ucisa awards 2025 – shortlist announced!
11 february 2025 read news 





 ucisa partnering ahead by bett
see how to book your ticket now!
20 december 2024 read news 




 a behind-the-scenes look at ux24 – notes from a first-time conference organiser
a behind-the-scenes look at ux24 – notes from a first-time conference organiser
06 december 2024 read blog 




 eighty ux he professionals sharing, collaborating and ideating: the magic of ucisa ux24
eighty ux he professionals sharing, collaborating and ideating: the magic of ucisa ux24
02 december 2024 read blog 




 the wind of change: key drivers to harness now for a brighter he future
read our latest blog from corporate member appsanywhere
13 november 2024 read blog 





 caudit community award – recognition for international collaboration
the ucisa ea working group win the caudit community award, along with international colleagues, for work on the higher education reference model.
24 october 2024 read news 




 change of registered office
please note the change of registered office adress
23 october 2024 read news 













about ucisa
ucisa is a membership organisation that represents almost all the major uk universities and higher education colleges with a growing membership among other educational institutions and commercial organisations interested in information systems and technology in uk education. details on how you can become a ucisa member are available
everything ucisa does is for its members, by its members.












benefits of ucisa membership

connects you with peers who share common experiences and useful insights
enables you to share inspirational thinking
provides you with new opportunities to develop your skills and confidence
supports you in raising the profile and understanding of digital solutions
helps you transform teaching, learning and research through the power of digital
join ucisa mailing lists

view details   
become a member now 

















                                whatever your role, you'll find the ucisa's strategic plan 'building on success' 2022 - 2027 will work for you as well as your institution. 
                            





download











testimonials




                        being a member of the ucisa support services group committee gave me a greater understanding of how ucisa works with the he and fe sectors and my term as a ucisa committee co chair not only gave me exposure to serving on their leadership council, but also gave me invaluable professional and personal skills development opportunities.  this has helped me think more strategically in my “day job” and made me hugely proud to be able to contribute to ucisa, an organisation that are invaluable to the education sector. 
                    



lisa mcdonald
itil manager
university of edinburgh







                        ucisa play an extremely valuable role within 
the he sector bringing institutions together to 
create communities of good practice and 
share expertise in tackling key areas of 
common interest. they act as the voice of it 
within the sector.
                    



john hemingway
cio
durham university








        corporate
        members
    







topdesk
topdesk develops, implements and supports software that helps your service department to excel. topdesk’s solution is widely used by educational institutions of all sizes, helping service desks to improve customer communication, manage workflows and keep track of assets. our software is attractive, simple to use, and suitable for any department, whether it, hr or facilities.
www.topdesk.com/uk/education/















 about us
 contact us
 governance




 privacy notices
 events
 cookies




 membership
 groups
 usl




 


                                    c/o ruskin college, dunstan rd, oxford ox3 9bz


                                    01865 647123 
                                





                                        
                         
                            






ucisa is registered as a charity with the charity commission of england and wales, no. 1161218.
© 2025  ucisa












