








best strip club las vegas | welcome to world famous treasures gentlemen's club & steakhouse










































































skip to content






 





home
free ride
packages
steakhouse
bachelor party
about us

strip club las vegas


contact






 















$0.00

0
 cart




 



























welcome to treasures gentlemen's club & steakhouse 



las vegas most exclusive gentlemen's club 






book free ride










buy vip packages




















 













world famous upscale strip club in las vegas 



 














beautiful entertainers, upscale strip club, best liquors & music. las vegas, baby! 



an upscale strip club located a minute away from the las vegas strip. near treasure island, the wynn, the palazzo and the resort world las vegas. treasures gentlemen’s club & steakhouse offers an unbelievable, beautiful, opulent, warm, comfortable, unparalleled service and amenities.these are but a few ways to describe our venue. you step in a truly remarkable world into. we invite you to experience all that a real gentlemen’s club can be. our beautiful entertainers will take your las vegas nightlife experience to the next level. we are the world famous upscale strip club of las vegas! 










 
free transportation



 
expedite admission



 
best packages prices online













 
close to the strip



 
vip packages starting at $60



 
live dj










 











v.i.p. package selection 



there are many benefits at booking your vip package through our website: best prices, vip table guaranteed, expedite admission (no line for you!) and free roundtrip transportation from and to your hotel (strip & downtown only).
online packages are only valid for advance booking before you enter the club. club prices apply after you enter inside the club. 







 



treasures eliteup to 6 guests$380 + tax & gratuity of 18% 






 
bottle of premium spirit (i. e. casamigos, grey goose or equivalent) + 2 mixers



 
vip admission for up to 6 guests



 
round-trip treasures vip transportation from any hotel/resort on the strip or downtown



 
vip table









buy package











 



sweetheartprice for 1 couple$195 + tax & gratuity of 18% 






 
1 bottle of our premium champagne



 
plain or chocolate strawberries



 
round-trip treasures vip transportation from any hotel/resort on the strip or downtown



 
vip admission



 
vip table









buy package











 



celebrity loungebest seats in the house!$1395 + tax & gratuity of 18% 






 
3 bottles of premium spirit (i. e. casamigos, grey goose or equivalent) + 2 mixers/bottle



 
 up to 15 people



 
apollo booth: where we seat the celebs & vips!



 
 round-trip treasures vip transportation from any hotel/resort on the strip or downtown



 
 vip admission









buy package














view more























7 days/weekour entertainers are waiting for you 






book free ride















for each online purchasefree roundtrip from & to your hotel 






book now







































smart tipbest prices when booking online 






book now























any questions?call us 






call the club







(opens at 8pm pacific time) 











our steakhouse menu 







appetizers 











fried calamari 



lightly breaded, fried pepperoncini served with spicy marinara and garlic aioli. 



jumbo shrimp cocktail 



freshly made, served with cocktail sauce and grilled lemon. 



fried potstickers 



served with sweet chili sauce. 



pork belly bao buns 



pork belly, steamed bao buns, house pickle veg, spicy hoisin glaze. 



seared scallops 



diver scallops, cauliflower puree, chicken jus, shaved fennel and asparagus salad, bacon, chili oil. 







entrees 











bone in rib-eye 



grilled 24oz, bone in prime. only the highest marbling. 



classy ny strip 



boneless, 16oz usda prime, grilled, wet aged. 



american waguy

 



7 oz, american waguy center cut filet. 



twin lobster tails 



roasted western australian cold water lobster tail, served with drawn butter and grilled lemon. 



seared diver scallops 



butter seared diver scallops, cauliflower puree, red wine-chicken jus reduction, bacon, finished with shaved asparagus and fennel salad.  







desserts 











cheese cake 



deliciously prepared with our house filling 



chocolate cake 



moist, fudgy chocolate cake topped with chocolate cream and shavings 



chocolate strawberries 



fresh strawberries dipped in our rich chocolate served for you and your party 



carrot cake 



dense, moist and perfectly spiced carrot cake, filled and frosted with our house vanilla buttercream 










view all menu































rudy garcia


this place in vegas is absolutely amazing! it's our go-to spot whenever my friends and i visit vegas. let me tell you, jorge/george is an absolute legend!









yesenia ortiz


my go to spot. never disappoints! the girls are always nice and pretty. we always do bottle service and the host jorge always takes care of us. our bottle service girl is ari and is the best!









andy conser


i had an amazing time being here and for my first time in a strip club.



 

























 







2801 westwood dr, las vegas




nv 89109




(702) 257-3030











follow us 






jki-facebook-light
 



jki-instagram-1-light
 










business hour 





club: mon - sun : 8pm - 5am


steakhouse: tue - sun : 8pm - 12am










treasures gentlemen’s club & steakhouse © 2024 – design & seo by simply digital marketing group 


















































