










slinky life – lifestyle & business




















































































 



slinky life
lifestyle & business

home businessbusiness overview business advice getting online design marketing legal advice  lifestylelifestyle overview home & garden food & wine relationships health & fitness travel parenting  contacts 




home businessbusiness overview business advice getting online design marketing legal advice  lifestylelifestyle overview home & garden food & wine relationships health & fitness travel parenting  contacts 


lifestyle : food & winewebsites : design & marketing advicebusiness : tips & strategies to help you get aheadrelationships : dating advice & tipsfinancial : advice from experts









welcome to slinky





slinky life
slinky.com.au is a portal for your life in business and lifestyle.
we bring you business tips and strategies from professionals, lifestyle ideas from adventurers and world travellers, relationship advice from dedicated dating pros and relationship experts as well as home and garden tips and ideas from experts in their fields.





recent posts


how to use storytelling in your social media contentaugust 15, 20247 garden styles to consider for your landscape designapril 3, 20234 dental health tips you did not know existedfebruary 1, 2023


chief editor





larry is our chief editor at slinky.com.au and is responsible for the content and quality of their publication and ensuring that stories are engaging and informative.
all our editors and writers are skilled professionals with decades of experience in lifestyle, academic and business writing.


latest business & lifestyle posts




aug152024



how to use storytelling in your social media content

alright, social media savants and storytelling enthusiasts, gather ’round! we’re about to embark on a journey through the magical world of storytelling in social media. it’s gonna be more exciting than finding out your crush likes your 3-year-old instagram post at 2 am!
but first, let me spin you a yarn from the social media trenches. picture this: it’s 2017, and i’m managing social media for a client who sells… wait for it… artisanal, hand-crafted toothpicks. (yes, that’s a thing. no, i don’t know why people need fancy wooden sticks to pick their teeth, but here we are.) we were posting product photos and specs like there was no tomorrow. engagement rates? lower than my motivation to go to the gym in january.
details
business advice, marketingby slinky life





7 garden styles to consider for your landscape design

when you employ landscaped designers to plan and create a new garden, you could be in one of three scenarios with regard to those plans. the first is that you have no idea what you want or what is possible. in this case, you will rely heavily on your landscape designer to present an array of options and possibilities and to even make the choice for you with regards to your new garden’s style.
the second scenario is that you may have some ideas and preferences but need a landscape designer to bring them together into a feasible plan that can be implemented. finally, some will know exactly what they want down to every detail, but would still like a professional landscape design architect or designer to create the plan.
details
home & gardenby slinky life


apr32023




feb12023



4 dental health tips you did not know existed

given the amount of information that has been published in relation to how we should look after our teeth, not to mention what advice our dentist gives us each time we visit them, you might expect most people to have a reasonable level of awareness with regards to their oral health.
in fact, most people do indeed know the basics such as regular brushing and flossing, not eating too many sugary foods, and having regular checks-ups. the problem is that not everyone follows those basic oral care principles, which is why dentists have to fill cavities, pull rotten teeth, and replace them with alternatives, on a daily basis.
even those that do follow a proper oral health routine every day are not fully aware of every aspect of that care. we are not talking about knowing as much as your dentist, or even your dental nurse, but instead, being aware of some of the lesser-known tips about caring for your teeth and gums. facts such as these…
#1: brushing is not a ‘fix-all’
details
health & fitnessby slinky life





are you gripped by these 3 adwords e commerce mistakes?

to drive quality traffic to your e-commerce website, apart from search engine optimisation (seo), adwords is one of the most successful techniques. that said, if scantily handled, it can lead to immense capital wastage. check out the 7 adwords mistakes which when corrected can unleash the complete prospective of adwords and attain the utmost possible roi.

continuing to run ads of out-of-stock items: an instance of putting your investment to flames with zero return is when you keep running ads of out-of-stock products on your online shopping portal. it is a sure sign that you are facing trouble keeping record of your outsized inventory. utilize the neat ways available to keep track of all the products as to what is in stock and what has been sold out.

details
business, marketingby slinky life


dec222022




sep212022



7 positive benefits of enrolling your dog in doggie daycare

have you ever thought about or are you currently thinking about putting your dog into dog day care? are you unsure as to whether it is the right thing to do for your dog? as a caring dog owner, naturally, you will want to do everything right for your dog, and given that doggie daycare would mean quite a significant change to your dog’s daily routine, is understandable why you would want to be sure before deciding to do so.
ultimately the decision is yours, given that you cannot ask your dog what they think, although we guarantee some dog owners are reading this who will ask their dog anyway and look at them to see if there is any reaction. we know that for sure because we would be doing exactly the same. anyway, to help you make your decision, we thought it would be useful to highlight the main benefits of doggie daycare, so here they are.
details
lifestyleby slinky life





perfect tips on garden improvements to boost your land value

according to a study conducted by university of michigan clients’ value, a landscaped home 11.3% higher compared to those without ideal landscaping. a home is mostly customized with the taste as well as values of the owner. garden puts a break in its value cost. it is for this reason homeowners association put exacting rules on it. garden and landscaping increases the home value by 28%. thus, it is a good investment for your home.
view creation
plain pergola initiates garden landscaping a brilliant look for you.

pergolas as well as
arbors are a time-honored puny yard landscaping concepts which frame the view of the totality of the home and greenery.

you can use shrubs, tiny trees and artifacts for the same purpose in a very creative way. whether you find a professional landscaper or do it yourself, use your imagination to create a view.
details
home & garden, lifestyleby slinky life


may172022




mar62022



how to keep your dog calm and relaxed when you groom them

one of the difficulties many people have concerning dog grooming is not how it should be done but that their dog is uncooperative. this can manifest itself in behaviours that range from them being frisky and seeing the whole scenario as an excuse to play to a dog trembling with fear when it sees its owner approach them with clippers and brushes.
thankfully, the vast majority of dogs will sit still and happily let you brush them, as in many cases, they find this soothing. even when it comes to the point when the trimmers come out, they are still cooperative. however, what do you do if your dog is either uncooperative or, in the worst case, genuinely nervous when you start grooming them?
details
lifestyleby slinky life





5 reasons to hire a cleaning service when you move

moving house can be stressful at the best of times, but even more so when the move is from a house of independence into retirement housing where you can receive a helping hand. that’s why organising a professional cleaner can be crucial. you’re already facing enough stress without having to worry about leaving your property spotless.
however, if you’re not yet convinced that arranging commercial cleaning services is necessary, the following benefits may just change your mind.
you can focus on packing and moving
when you have lived in the same house for several years, potentially even raising your family in it, there can be a lot of possessions stored over time. you might have boxes and boxes of memories stored away in cupboards and garaging and countless photos and knickknacks lining the walls and shelves.
details
lifestyleby slinky life


sep172021




jul202021



don’t make any of these 10 mistakes during your work visa application process

the application process that you go through to be granted a work visa in australia might seem fairly straightforward to you, and if you have read and understood every aspect of how the application process works then you may well have all you need to proceed. however according to migration agents success migration, for most applicants that is not the position they are in.
instead, they barely glance at the regulations, they fail to follow the correct process, and then they wonder why their application has been refused. the most likely cause is that they have made one or more of ten of the most common mistakes which result in an applicant’s work visa application being refused. we hope you do not become one of them, and to help you further ensure your application goes smoothly we have listed those ten mistakes which you must avoid.
not seeking advice: if there is one error which if avoided would eradicate almost all the other mistakes work visa applicants make, it is not seeking proper professional advice. immigration experts and lawyers are there to help, so use them. also, there are many websites which have useful advice regarding work visas.
failing to fully understand the visa process: following on from our point about seeking advice, if you do not, then you risk not following the proper procedure for a work visa application. this can mean either refusal, or your application not even being processed in the first place due to errors.
details
legal adviceby slinky life





how to remove red wine stains from carpets

there can be few liquids which cause as much consternation and anguish if they are spilt on a carpet as red wine, with the immediate thought often being that no amount of carpet cleaning is going to remove it.
apart from the obvious loss of a glass of what may have been a very fine red wine, it is as important to know what you should never do in order to prevent your carpet from being permanently stained, as it is to know what you can do.
the most obvious thing that everyone thinks they should do is try to rub the spot where the wine was spilt. this is going to cause more problems than it solves, so no rubbing the stain.
instead, there are several techniques used by the top commercial cleaning professionals which you can use to remove red wine stains, but before going into them in detail, here is the first step you should take before any of them. 
details
food & wine, home & gardenby slinky life


jul142021




jun182021



the pros and cons of dental implants

anyone searching for a means to replace a missing tooth, or worse, several missing teeth, has several options available to them. some the cheaper options include dentures and crowns, and at the other end of the price range there is dental implants. with them costing a considerable amount per tooth, they can be beyond the budget of many people, but if they are a financially viable option for you, then they are certainly worth considering
to help you with that consideration, we have outlined several pros and cons of dental implants. as with any dental procedure or tooth replacement option, dental implants have advantages and disadvantages, so it is important that you consider both the good and the bad before you decide if dental implants are the best choice for you.
pros of dental implants
they are the most durable and longest lasting option
probably the main reason why dental implants are so popular is that, once fitted, the person who has them is unlikely to need any further treatment for years. dental implants provide a durable and strong replacement for missing teeth, and they can last as long as 20 years if cared for properly.
details
health & fitnessby slinky life





top bathroom trends of 2021 and beyond

if you have been considering bathroom renovations, it’s only natural to think about current trends and those that will stand the test of time. after all, given how much of an investment a new bathroom can require, it’s a space you don’t want to renovate too often.
the problem is, the previous owners of your current bathroom probably thought their design would last forever. now, it’s outdated and non-functional. before you make some costly mistakes, consider the following trends below.
modern and organic
black and white have been a common renovation theme of choice for several years. it’s still a popular option in homes being constructed as we speak. however, many homeowners are now ‘softening’ those contemporary colours by adding organic materials into their design.
they might break up the black and white with a beautiful wooden vanity. or, they may even opt for wooden flooring that adds some warmth to the space.
details
home & gardenby slinky life


may242021




mar232021



7 tips to ensure everyone stays safe around your concrete pool

having a concrete pool on your property can bring you many advantages such as adding value, and the no small matter of you and your family having fun in that pool. however, concrete pools also means that you have a responsibility to ensure that anyone who is in or near your pool is safe at all times.
we are not saying that you need to go to lifeguard school, although it would not do you any harm, but, instead, you can implement a number of safety measures and protocols so that anyone using the pool, be that friends or family, do not come to harm. here are those safety measures:
details
home & gardenby slinky life





what shared parental responsibility means for divorced parents and their children

there is a core principle within australian family law which basically means that whenever a couple gets divorced or they separate, the parental responsibility for any children they may have is shared equally. a family lawyer will explain to you that even if the child’s two parents are not on speaking terms, and one regards the other as an unfit parent, the family court will order joint parental responsibility in almost all cases.
we say almost all cases because although shared parental responsibility is usually the default position, there are some circumstances in which instead of shared, sole parental responsibility will be ordered, although it may only be temporarily. the reasons for this are very narrow and only apply in cases where one of the parents is deemed unfit to have the responsibility.
details
legal advice, parentingby slinky life


feb232021




feb152021



online business strategy

a well rounded online marketing strategy will give you the competitive edge you need. your digital marketing strategy is just as important as any of your other core business processes because most of your customers are online, and that’s where you need to be to advertise your products and services.
most services included in our online business strategy package are also available as standalone services for your convenience. when it comes to internet marketing and online presence, every single aspect of your online website strategy supports the other, and you can gain a significant advantage over the rest of the competition if all elements of your marketing strategy enhance each other’s effect.
details
business advice, marketingby slinky life





7 advantages of pet enclosures for pets and their owners

if you are a pet owner, we are sure that you do everything you can to make your pet’s life as enjoyable and rewarding as you can, and part of that will be when your pet is outside and getting the essential exercise they need. this can take many forms, but one option that is becoming increasingly popular with pet owners is pet enclosures, which offers pets, and their owner’s, many advantages.
pet enclosures are suitable for many domestic pets such as cats, dogs, rabbits, and guinea pigs. in fact, any pet which would feel at ease in an outdoor environment that is large enough to allow them to do many of the things that they enjoy, is an ideal candidate for a pet enclosure. so let’s look at some of the advantages of a pet enclosures for pet owners and their pets.
details
businessby slinky life


feb102021




dec52020



why do our office drains stink and how do we fix it?

although smelly drains certainly aren’t the worst office plumbing problems you could experience, they can still be quite a pain. identifying the cause of nasty drain odours can be difficult, and getting rid of them can be even harder again.
many business owners will call out a professional plumber, when they can’t figure out why their drains stink – and that’s quite common. however, there are numerous things that you can do on your own to get rid of unpleasant smells, and we’ve outlined a few of them in this article. but first, let’s look at some common sources of bad drain smells.
why do our office drains stink? 
there are numerous reasons for office drains to stink. in general, they are just like normal residential drains, but a lack of water flowing down the drain can make smells more of a problem. if the clean water in a drain’s water trap isn’t replenished regularly, nasty smells are more likely to come up.
details
businessby slinky life





highly recommended responsive web design patterns for use today

firstly, we need to understand what does responsive means and why we need it once we do that than half of our trouble to find out best responsive web design pattern is solved.
responsive design means your website should be able to get open on all devices irrespective of the size or graphic availability initially. it is an initiative, not the final one, so there are few other steps you need to follow to create an amazing pattern for responsive web design.
later, we will go to the second step which is as important as the first one. what you need to do is create meta tags for your website. it is quite important to do as you would like your nearby people to reach you and use your services. for achieving this, you need a meta tag which will let others search and open your web pages.
details
business, designby slinky life


nov252020




oct132020



serious driving offences and what they mean for your driving licence

although they may not be regarded as crimes in the same league as bank robbery and fraud, driving offences will still result in punishments for those who commit them. although criminal lawyers may not always be required to represent those who commit minor driving offences, they most certainly should be consulted for the more serious driving offences.
the reason for that is that the punishments that can be applied when someone has been convicted of a serious driving offence can go all the way up the scale to include disqualification from driving, fines, and ultimately, a term of imprisonment.
serious driving offences will include those that involve driving while under the influence of alcohol or drugs, and there are three main definitions of these, which are:
details
business, legal adviceby slinky life





what sort of security alarm system should i install?

homeowners and renters across australia are turning to security alarm systems as a way to secure their property against intruders. with crime rates rising in major population hubs, it’s crucial to take whatever steps necessary to protect your family and belongings.
however, there are numerous different types of security systems available. each has its own pros and cons, along with a standard kind of price range. in the rest of this article, we’ve looked at some of the most popular options for those installing a new alarm system, along with who they’re best suited to and their approximate price range.
details
home & gardenby slinky life


jul222020


1234567next page










menuhomebusinesslifestylecontactsdisclaimerprivacy policyterms of servicebusiness categories business(22)

business advice(10)

design(8)

getting online(3)

legal advice(13)

marketing(4)

lifestyle categories health & fitness(24)

home & garden(35)

lifestyle(58)

parenting(7)

relationships(16)

travel(7)

recent postshow to use storytelling in your social media contentaugust 15, 20247 garden styles to consider for your landscape designapril 3, 20234 dental health tips you did not know existedfebruary 1, 2023












							© copyright 2020 : slinky life | business & lifestyle
						


footer menu


website by slinky web design | seo by seo perth experts













