






lions usa – we serve




































skip to content








toggle menu

who we are
join us
how we help
 












lions usa we serve
feel free to look around

click to begin 





be a lion
click the button below

click to begin 





help us help others


click to begin 




 







what we do!!!
we serve
lions serve. our motto is “we serve.” founded in 1917, we are best known for saving sight, but we also feed the hungry, aid seniors and the disabled, care for the environment and so much more. lions are a global service network of volunteers that make a difference in their local communities.
youth
lions serve youth. our community projects often support children and local schools through scholarships, recreation and mentoring. internationally, we offer many programs to empower youth, including the peace poster
contest; youth camps and exchanges; and lions quest, an lcif positive youth development program.
lcif
as the official charitable organization of lions clubs international, lcif helps lions improve
the lives of millions of people through four pillars of service: saving sight, supporting youth, providing disaster relief and meeting humanitarian needs.

see some more services

what else we provide?
lcif
the foundation of service
our mission is simple: to support and enhance the efforts of lions clubs. through humanitarian projects, strategic partnerships and grants, we help lions give hope to their local communities and the world.
diabetes
diabetes is a global epidemic, affecting an increasing number of men, women, and children all over the world. as lions and leos, we see and feel the effects of diabetes in our communities and are doing something about it together.
environment
the earth sustains human life. we’ve seen how our stewardship of natural resources can improve quality of life and increase engagement in our local communities. our environment is more than a background: it’s our home. and we’re committed to caring for it.

 
do you want to…
donate eyeglasses?

locations

find out who we are.

visit us

want to know more about lions? curious what else we do?

learn more

about us
lions serve. it’s that simple, and it has been since we first began in 1917. our clubs are places where individuals join together to give their valuable time and effort to improving their communities, and the world.
our missionto empower volunteers to serve their communities, meet humanitarian needs, encourage peace and promote international understanding through lions clubs. our visionto be the global leader in community and humanitarian service.https://youtu.be/jazvca79n0m
latest news

facebook


twitter


google-plus


wordpress


weibo












© 2025 lions usa. proudly powered by sydney 













