








	latest job vacancies : teaching jobs uk - education jobs



























skip to main navigation
skip to browse links
skip to main content
skip to job search

































search

menu



home
job seekers
recruiters
resources
about us






you have no jobs in your shortlist
shortlist (0)


 register
                                



 log in
                                



 recruiters




















14,182 live jobs on education jobs

quick job search



keywords



sector

sector
primary
secondary
send
colleges
university



location








search


advanced job search










browse jobs by sector



senior lecturer jobsnursery assistant jobs in edinburghprimary jobssecondary jobssend jobssend jobs in nottinghamcolleges jobsuniversity jobs





browse jobs by location



graduate sen teaching assistant job in sussexteaching assistant jobs in bristolnursery assistant jobs in manchesterhistory teacher jobs in leedssend jobs in yorksecondary school jobs in coventrype teacher jobs in nottinghammaths teacher jobs in liverpooldrama teacher jobs in leicestershireit teacher jobs in milton keynesmusic teacher jobs in londonpe teacher jobs in birminghamart teacher jobs in birminghamnursery assistant jobs in bristolmaths teacher jobs in leedshealth & social care teacher jobs in nottinghamteaching assistant jobs in manchestersecondary school jobs in londonteaching assistant jobs in birminghamsecondary school jobs in manchester


more







register nowset up job alertspost your cvpost a job




featured jobs







sen teacher

£31,650 to £49,084
christchurch, dorset






primary teacher

£130 to £200 per day
salford, manchester






sen teaching assistant

£90.00 to £95.00 per day
united kingdom






care assistant - classroom based

£1,520 to £1,720
wolsingham, county durham






maths teacher

£33,075 to £50,471
grays, essex






cover supervisor

£85.00 to £120
city, liverpool






primary teaching assistant (semh)

£90.00 to £105 per day
hampshire






lecturer - foundation diploma in illustration

£16,029 to £24,995
brighton, sussex






autism teaching assistant (ta)

£90.00 to £100 per day
london






teacher of science

£31,650 to £49,084
pocklington, yorkshire






send teaching assistant

£80.00 to £100 per day
hebburn, tyne and wear






eyfs teacher

£40,321 to £48,531
barnet, london






youth worker

£110 to £140 per day
united kingdom






sen care support

£12.83 to £15.00 per hour
hampshire






electrical instillations lecturer

£25.00 to £40.00 per hour
epsom, surrey






early years teaching assistant (sen)

£13.10 to £13.50 per hour
poole, dorset





previous featured job
next featured job



            view all jobs









latest jobs



ex-ntp teacher

lewes, sussex - £28.00 to £35.00 per hour



special education needs tutor

faringdon, oxfordshire - £28.00 to £35.00 per hour



special education needs teacher

sudbury, suffolk - £28.00 to £35.00 per hour



sen teacher

sudbury, suffolk - £28.00 to £35.00 per hour



special education needs teacher

horsham, sussex - £28.00 to £35.00 per hour







success stories

 cannot praise enough. always had options for work and the site is updated regularly with new jobs. 10/10. i received regular job updates via job alerts which is how i found my current job. jobseeker i was re-locating to london from cardiff and found a massive range of lecturing jobs on educationjobs.com suitable for me and now i am working! the site is easy to use from my mobile phone - which is how i found my current job role. jobseeker always manage to find something to suit my needs and location – highly recommend the site which is easy to use. after 2 weeks of registering i had 3 job offers - a happy customer indeed! jobseeker i have been registered with education jobs for a number of years and have always managed to find reliable and rewarding work across secondary schools throughout the birmingham area. i would recommend highly. jobseeker found my ideal job in 2 days - great site! the range of jobs was brill - the site is easy to use and i would definitely recommend the job alert part of the site as relevant jobs will come to your email daily. jobseeker such an easy and convenient process, we always find quality candidates – functionality on www.educationjobs.com is great! i had to turn our advert off as we received too many responses which is great! university client job posting was quick and easy and got a good enough response within 3 weeks. i saved thousand of pounds during the academic year - this company will work to your budget and recognise the financial constraints we all face. college client educationjobs.com have most definitely exceeded my expectations – i was reluctant at first to try another job site – but i have saved a lot of money and found the right staff. sen school client would highly recommend schools to consider educationjobs.com as the one and only stop for teaching staffing needs, they cover all the bases! you will not be disappointed! secondary school client fantastic value for money experience from beginning to end. why waste money with other very costly alternatives when you can get the candidates you need here at a fraction of the cost! great team, great service, great results! primary school client

previous 
next 







upload your cv

















latest education newshow to engage students in meaningful math discussionsas middle and high school math students talk through problems, they build camaraderie and gain greater conceptual understanding.









education blogclick here to download now! print your free printable now and share your progress report with us @edujobsuk on twitter and facebook!









contact usto enquire about any of our advertising packages, or if you have any other queries, contact us.
 
 











job seekers

teaching jobs
education jobs
locations



advertisers

post a job
search for candidates
create a candidate alert





contact us

                    if you have any questions about education jobs, or would like to know more, please contact us.
                


follow us

















                © 2025 education jobs
                
                jobboard.com software by hotlizard



sitemap
privacy policy
terms & conditions















