
  home - st. joseph's indian school          

    
    
 



donate 


make a one-time donation



make a monthly donation



donor advised funds



make a memorial donation



sign-up




login






about
history
board of directors
faq
501c3
financial report
campus tours
enrollment information

awards and accreditation
careers
virtual campus tour
st. joseph’s indian school blog
podcast

youth programs
residential living
hapi homes program
cooking in the homes

education
native american cultural awareness
attend our powwow
wolakota project
cultural trip

lakota language classes
religious education
family integration
physical health
rec center project

mental health
equine therapy at st. joseph’s indian school

outreach & other programs

our children
a strong start
eighth grade graduates
high school graduates
college scholarships
alumni stories
student bill of rights
protecting students

ways to give
donate
donor event
gift store
memorials
monthly giving
planned giving
volunteer
other ways to give

lakota culture
oceti sakowin — seven council fires
south dakota reservations

beliefs and traditions
seven lakota values
four directions
the star quilt
the medicine wheel
seasons and moon calendar
lakota quillwork & beadwork
tipi
winter count
morning star
inipi

seven lakota rites
powwow
women’s powwow dance styles
men’s powwow dance styles
powwow etiquette

lakota legends
dreamcatcher legend
origin of the lakota pipe
the legend of devils tower
iktomi the trickster
the great race

lakota language
important animals
buffalo
eagle
dog
horse
turtle

native american books
akta lakota museum & cultural center

prayers
send prayer request
request prayer cards
free prayer book
prayer builder
religious education
chapel

contact








about st. joseph's indian schoolsince 1927, st. joseph's indian school has served lakota (sioux) children and families.our mission is to educate native american children and their families for life — mind, body, heart and spirit. this mission drives our organization to educate and provide housing for over 200 lakota (sioux) children each year — all at no cost to their families.child poverty and abuse are serious issues on indian reservations. by supporting st. joseph's indian school, you are helping native american children in need reestablish pride in their culture by learning the lakota language, studying native american culture and healing the broken family circle from which they come.
at st. joseph’s indian school children can dream!st. joseph’s brings together family, fun classes, cultural appreciation, safety and love for native american children in need.


donate

why your support mattersif you’re new to st. joseph’s indian school and the struggles facing native americans living in reservation communities, the following information will help you get familiar with both. we hope after reading, you’ll desire to help innocent lakota children overcome the obstacles set against them. one by one, people like you are making work at st. joseph’s possible.  your support makes an impact

0



0



0



0






learn more
 
stories from our lakota indian school








st. joseph’s student shoots for the stars … literally
at st. joseph’s indian school, every student has a story. some stories are rooted in athletics, others in overcoming challenges, and some, like marybella’s, are destined for the stars.








a memorable visit: embracing lakota culture and building connections
did you know st. joseph’s indian school has a sister school in germany? yes! the school is called gymnasium leonium in handrup, germany. why? it all ties back to our roots in germany, where founder fr. leo john dehon originated the priests of the sacred heart.








a “hole” lot of love and generosity: the journey of a fox fur coat
at st. joseph’s indian school, we often witness incredible acts of kindness and generosity that leave us in awe. recently, a story unfolded that reminded us of how god can turn an unfortunate event into something extraordinarily good.

you can be the reason lakota children dream!the dreammakers are a special group of friends who give automatic monthly gifts to ensure the lakota (sioux) children are provided for year-round. for as little as 32 cents a day, 100% of your monthly contribution will  go directly to helping meet our students’ immediate needs …  and will help provide dreams for the future.


join today

our programschildren attending st. joseph's benefit from individualized care plans that follow nationally approved and accredited techniques. friends who support st. joseph's native american programs help provide for every aspect of each child's physical, emotional, spiritual and educational needs.

residential living

residential living

quality education

quality education

cultural awareness

cultural awareness

lakota language

lakota language

religious education

religious education

family integration

family integration

physical health

physical health

mental health

mental health

outreach & other programs

outreach & other programs

explore our programs
  review st. joseph's indian school on greatnonprofits


share your story

  stay informedget email updates about the lakota children and how you can help.

sign-up













our missionst. joseph’s indian school, an apostolate of the congregation of the priests of the sacred heart, partners with native american children and families to educate for life — mind, body, heart and spirit.st. joseph’s indian school is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization.privacy policycontact
st. joseph's indian school

1301 north main street

chamberlain, sd 57325

1-800-341-2235

saintjosephs@stjo.org















© 2025 st. joseph's indian school
 