       
	home
               



 










abc directory




state licensure




o&pcare.org




ce provider





a key, representing this content being protected.


login





a key, representing this content being protected.


my abc


welcome, user
my profile
logout














who we are










about abc


leadership


staff


public outreach


history


volunteers & awards






individual certification












how to remain certified










find ceus


pay my annual fee


career resources






get certified










apply now


exam dates & deadlines


exam prep


precertification courses








facility accreditation












get accredited










patient care


mastectomy only


central fabrication


apply now






maintain accreditation










renew now


resource pack


request certificate reprint


pay my annual fee








continuing education










how to remain certified


find ceus


pay my annual fee


obtain my ce statement






professional ethics










code of professional responsibility


complaint form


workplace culture resources


sanctions






news & events










abc news


calendar of events


credcast podcasts


webinars


mark of merit


annual report


compliance matters




























execute search



close search overlay







 



learn about our career awareness initiative












making a differencefor everyone


since 1948, abc has set the quality standards for the orthotic, prosthetic and pedorthic professions and today represents the highest ideals in the profession.  

 

find out how










setting standardsimproving outcomeschanging lives

since 1948, abc has set the quality standards for the orthotic, prosthetic and pedorthic professions and today represents the highest ideals in the profession.    

learn more




















become certified








maintain certification








accredit facility








important  dates 




dec
1



                    certification & accreditation annual fee due for all credential holders!
                





jan
1



                    residency deadline for january written and simulation exams
                





feb
26



                    aaop annual meeting & scientific symposium
                





mar
1



                    application deadline for spring cpm exams
                





mar
1



                    residency deadline for march/april written and simulation exams
                







latest  news 



kelly moton selected for abc resident travel award

abc, in partnership with the orthotics and prosthetics foundation for education and research (the o&p foundation), would like to congratulate kelly moton, ms, as the recipient of the 2025 abc resident travel award. 



congratulations 2024-2025 abc o&p scholarship recipients!

in proud partnership with the foundation, we are pleased to recognize and congratulate the recipients of the 2024 abc orthotist & prosthetist scholarship and scholarship for o&p diversity.



this giving tuesday: double your impact on the profession!

in celebration of giving tuesday, abc and the o&p foundation have an extraordinary opportunity for you to amplify your support for the profession. abc has pledged to match every donation dollar-for-dollar, up to $1 million, through november 2025.




learn more











the abc choiceas the national certifying and accrediting body for the orthotic, prosthetic and pedorthic professions since 1948, abc represents the quantity standards in certification and accreditation for thoughts of individuals and patient care organizations. learn more








recommendedresources

















                                    mark of merit newsletter
                                















                                    facilitator enewsletter
                                



















                                    podcast library
                                















                                    webinar library
                                

















“our surveyor gave us great tips for improving, streamlining and simplifying our business and record keeping. we very much appreciated their expertise.”
—tampa bay brace & limb




  



facebook (opens in new window)


twitter (opens in new window)


linkedin (opens in new window)


instagram (opens in new window)


youtube (opens in new window)








contact us


faqs


privacy policy


terms of use






american board for certification in orthotics, prosthetics & pedorthics330 john carlyle street, suite 210, alexandria, virginia 22314phone: (703) 836-7114  |  fax: (703) 836-0838  |  email: info@abcop.org©2019 american board for certification in orthotics, prosthetics & pedorthics. all rights reserved.web design and development by matrix group international, inc.








             
