


who, if not i?






















	who, if not i?
	



monday, may 02, 2005


no se que hacer. estoy aburrido. ¿por que es que lo quiero tanto, pero el no me quiere? a veces pienso que el todavia no esta maduro. necesito a alguien que si esta listo para meterse en algo serio. no quiero tomar parte en los juegos de otros. el amor no es un juego, al menos no es para mi. i can't write very well in spanish, so i'm just gonna go ahead and write in english. so yeah, sometimes i feel like robert's very immature. even when we were together i thought he was a little immature, but i never wanted to tell him because sometimes it seemed like he didn't want me to think he was immature. i remember one time he said something and then he was like "that was stupid, i hope you don't think i'm immature."i don't think he really cares about what i think of him anymore. hmmm... so i found out he has a crush on this straight guy. i know this is probably gonna come off as stupid, but i can't help but think that maybe he left me to kind of go after him. sometimes i feel like maybe still feels "love" towards me, but i know that's just probably a trick of my mind. hmmm... i wish he were willing to talk to me. either way, i still love him. damn emotions!

posted by jose @ 11:29 am
8 comments






monday, april 11, 2005


i don't think anyone reads this anymore, but on the off chance that someone does, i guess i'll write this post.so robert broke up with me a little over a month ago on march 4. i was extremely hurt and i still am. he's given me a lot of reasons why he did it, so i'm not even sure which of the reasons is the major one. i still believe that i'm very much in love with him. i was really devastated after the break up. i didn't really get much sleep the week after. i cried for many, many hours the four or five days after the break up. i was so hurt that i actually contemplated suicide, but i thought maybe if i did do it, he might feel guilty, and i didn't want him to have to deal with that guilt. i miss him very much. i'm very confused. i don't understand how he appeared to be so in love with me, but then just all of a sudden he decided that he wasn't. some of the things that he wrote on his blog and things that he told me made me believe that i was really it for him. i really thought he was for me, and i still do.i don't know what to think about him. sometimes i really feel like i should hate him, but i know i can't. sometimes i'll call him and we'll talk for like an hour or so, and at the end of the phone call i just feel depressed because it kinda feels like when we were together when we're on the phone. people say such bad things about him (sometimes probably because they think that it'll make me feel better), at times i feel like i want to hate him and like i should hate him, but i just can't. when people say bad things about him, it just makes me want him more because they don't know him like i do, and they don't know all the good and sweet things he's done. they don't know the way he thinks, i'm not sure i do either, but i have a better idea since i've actually taken the time to try to get to know him. how can they talk about him when they've never even said a single word to him?it's kinda weird for me because i've kinda become friends with some of his friends, and sometimes i feel like i shouldn't talk to them anymore because i kinda feel like when he broke up with me, he kinda broke the ties between his friends and me. i don't want his friends to think that i just talked to them because they were his friends.sometimes he says things that really make me angry, but then he'll be really sweet and it's almost like i forgive him. sometimes i feel like i'm really stupid for letting him know how i felt/feel about him. i feel like it's made me weak. i let him know exactly how i felt about him and he knows i'll always be there for him, so maybe he wanted to go around and experiment with other people because he knows that if nothing works out, he'll always have me as a kind of safety net. that's probably not the case, but you never know.sometimes i feel like he still flirts with me. i know he probably isn't, but i can't help but think that he might. i really miss him and i really would do almost anything to be with him again. he was such an awesome person. i miss him.well, if anyone who might read this cares, i use xanga now.

posted by jose @ 4:49 pm
0 comments






friday, february 11, 2005


wow... it's a been a long time since i last posted. well, i'm doing well and robert and i are just wonderful, yup yup. the only reason i'm really writing this post is because something happened after school and i want to keep a record of it. so there was this thing today after school to celebrate the lunar new year and robert and i decided to stay. i had to wait for my dad to get to school so i could tell him that i was gonna stay at school. so robert and i were walking outside of the cafeteria and i saw my dad in the parking lot, so i went over to ask him if i could stay. so before i even got an answer he was like "is that robert?" i was like "yeah," then he said "no me gusta." it can kinda be translated in two ways depending on what he meant. he either meant "i don't like him" or kind of like that he doesn't like that i'm hanging out with him. either way, it upset me. i told robert. i felt really bad about it and i kept thinking about it through most of the "celebration."i think my parents know. sometime during the week my mom and dad went to pick me up after school and someone said bye to me and when i got in the car my mom asked me if that was robert, but it wasn't. i don't know. some other stuff has happened. if wish they would just tell me they know if they do know.

posted by jose @ 7:12 pm
0 comments






monday, january 24, 2005



	 
	 stuff
	 
    
i just had the wierdest encounter with jimmy after school during the cultural diversity meeting. near the end, he was all like "jose, come here, i wanna talk to you" in spanish. then he was like "are you going with robert?" and i was like "yeah." then he was like "cuz i've seen you walking with him." then he was like "i didn't know you were like that. i feel lied to. i always thought you liked girls." then he kinda stopped and he was like "you used to have long hair and dress 'punk,' what happened?" i was like "i dunno." so i left with sina and anh and he was out there then he was like "have you had relations?" (that's what he said when you translate it literally from spanish). i was like "no." then he was like "so you're still a virgin?" and i was like "yeah." then he was like "how can you do that? you really like men?" and i was like "i dunno." then he had to go his way and i had to go mine, but then he was like "we're still cool." i have to say i felt kinda weird. i've known jimmy for so long now, so it's almost like he's a cousin (i say cousin because i don't really talk to my cousins, but that doesn't change that we're family). yeah, so it felt like a family member was comfronting me about my homosexuality.

posted by jose @ 4:36 pm
0 comments






sunday, january 23, 2005



	 
	 i got you babe
	 
    
they say we're young and we don't know we won't find out until we grow well i don't know if all that's true 'cause you got me, and baby i got you  babe i got you babe i got you babe  they say our love won't pay the rent before it's earned, our money's all been spent i guess that's so, we don't have a pot but at least i'm sure of all the things we got  babe i got you babe i got you babe  i got flowers in the spring i got you to wear my ring braceletand when i'm sad, you're a clown and if i get scared, you're always around so let them say your hair's too long 'cause i don't care, with you i can't go wrong then put your little hand in mine there ain't no hill or mountain we can't climb  babe i got you babe i got you babe  i got you to hold my hand i got you to understand i got you to walk with me i got you to talk with me i got you to kiss goodnight i got you to hold me tight i got you, i won't let go i got you to love me so  i got you babe i got you babe i got you babe i got you babe i got you babe

posted by jose @ 3:37 pm
1 comments






friday, january 21, 2005



	 
	 intravenous love
	 
    
you with shining eyes, you smile somewhere,hot and cold,and i would like to find out. with you there's always summer.to find, to take away, to not lose. you, you, you are indispensablei'll give you two drops of me intravenouslyi, i, i am being openi'll pour into you love intravenously me with tears on a mirror,pictures on the wall,there's no truth today,and there's no future. everything is unreasonable,everything is so sudden,i don't know what will be,but i know the answer. you, you, you are indispensablei'll give you two drops of me intravenouslyi, i, i am being openi'll pour into you love intravenously you! you! you are indispensable!i'll pour into you love intravenously!

posted by jose @ 6:04 pm
1 comments








i'm so stupid!!! i hate myself!!!

posted by jose @ 8:03 am
2 comments






thursday, january 20, 2005



	 
	 asleep
	 
    
sometimes i really wish my dad would just die (sometimes meaning almost every hour of every day). i told my mommy we should get him life insurance because i'm pretty sure he has lung cancer from smoking and is gonna die soon anyway, so we might as well get some money out of it. funerals are so expensive these days. no one likes him, so he has no reason to live. i told my mom i would wear red to his funeral. sometimes i really feel sorry for my mom. she was brought up in a little ranch in mexico and didn't get passed the equivalent of sixth grade, so sometimes she seems really naive. sometimes i get so frustrated trying to explain things to her that i just start yelling at her or i just tell her to forget about it. sometimes i really wish i didn't have my sister. she's like a mix between my mom and my dad, so most of the time i can't stand her. the only other person she talks to besides me and my mom is her boyfriend. she's been spoiled all of her life, so she always demands everything. she is this huge slob, but my parents don't complain to her about cleaning her room, yet when they see some clothes on my floor, they make a big deal out of it. sometimes i feel really sorry for myself because i think it's kinda sad that i'm the brightest out of my family, yet they don't really seem to appreciate it. yesterday when we were sitting in the waiting area when i went to get my physical, i told my mom that i'm gonna move out as soon as i can because it's impossible to live with them. i told her that if i stayed with them for a couple more years i would go crazy.  i don't feel all that good right now; something just struck me near then end of orchestra. i feel so unwanted and unloved. i don't know why. sing me to sleep sing me to sleep i'm tired and i i want to go to bed  sing me to sleep sing me to sleep and then leave me alone don't try to wake me in the morning 'cause i will be gone don't feel bad for me i want you to know deep in the cell of my heart i will feel so glad to go  sing me to sleep sing me to sleep i don't want to wake up on my own anymore  sing to me sing to me i don't want to wake up on my own anymore  don't feel bad for me i want you to know deep in the cell of my heart i really want to go  there is another world there is a better worldwell, there must be well, there must bewell, there must bewell, there must bewell...  bye bye bye bye bye... 

posted by jose @ 4:47 pm
0 comments






friday, january 14, 2005



	 
	 intravenous love
	 
    
so i just finished downloading lyubov vnutrivenno by tema (the t.a.t.u. wannabes) and it really saddened me. the girls sound kinda really awful in this song, or at least all the the screaming, but i think it really adds to the tone of the song. i downloaded the video for this song during statistics and in the beginning i wanted to laugh because these girls are really bad actresses, like really bad (and one of the girls isn't exactly attractive), but at the end of the video i almost wanted to cry. the end was very sad. it kinda deals with something that i was talking to my robert about(thinking about it now, it kinda makes sense out of the title of the song). i have found that one of the reasons why i like russian music is because the few songs that aren't totally techno/dance sound a little bit rough. music in russia isn't as overly produced as it is here. sometimes i enjoy listening to t.a.t.u.'s russian album more than the english one. the english one seems to be missing a little special something in some of the songs. in the russian album, it's as if the vocals just coexist with the music, it's as if they don't care about small imperfections in their vocals. robert and i could so be the next t.a.t.u.

posted by jose @ 6:18 pm
0 comments






thursday, january 13, 2005



	 
	 i'm your puppet
	 
    
pull the string and i'll wink at you, i'm your puppeti'll do funny things if you want me to, i'm your puppet i'll be yours to have and to holddarling you've got full control of your puppet pull another string and i'll kiss your lips, i'm your puppetsnap your finger and i'll turn you some flips, i'm your puppet your every wish is my commandall you gotta do is wiggle your little handi'm your puppet, i'm your puppet i'm just a toy, just a funny boythat makes you laugh when you're bluei'll be wonderful, do just what i'm toldi'll do anything for youi'm your puppet, i'm your puppet pull them little strings and i'll sing you a song, i'm your puppetmake me do right or make me do wrong, i'm your puppet treat me good and i'll do anythingi'm just a puppet an you hold my string, i'm your puppetyeah, i'm your puppet walking, talking, living, loving puppeti'm hanging on a string, i'll do anything now i'm a walking, talking, living, loving puppet, and i love you i'm a smiling happy face when you want me toeven make you happy when you're feeling blue 

posted by jose @ 4:53 pm
0 comments









	 
	 there's nothing like a good education
	 
    
well, here i am in stats again, and guess what? we're not doing anything!!! we're just sitting here wasting time. i should be finishing reading othello because my project on it is due tomorrow. i only have like 25 pages left to read. man... i sure do hate this class, but i get to walk with my robert after it, so i have something to look forward to. i sure do hate it when people listen to music and they totally fuck up the lyrics, like someone right now is listening to "can't help falling in love" and she was like "like a river flows, jealousy" wtf!?! the lyrics go "like a river flows to the sea." she messes up a lot of lyrics, but i won't mention any names. i would say something to her, but i'm too nice of a person. man... i sure am sleepy, yup yup. i was thinking that it might be because i've been staying up talking to my robert, but i was super sleepy during our break too, so i don't know. bobby! je t'aime!

posted by jose @ 10:16 am
0 comments






tuesday, january 11, 2005



	 
	 recuerda que me tienes a mi
	 
    
when you feel that no one loves youand life spits in your faceremember that you have meto fight against everyone, to rise upremember that you have me, always me when you feel your house is going to explodeand the violence in your family killsremember that you have meto support you on my shoulder, to rise upremember that you have me, always me remember that behind the cloudsthere's a clear sky full of lightthat you can always count on methat with two people it's easier to bear a crossremember that you have me, always me if you should curse the day you were bornor if love turns into an impossibilityremember that you have meto fight against everyone, to laughremember that you have me, always me when you fear what awaits youwhen you feel death is nearremember that you have meto support you on my shoulder, to rise upremember that you have me, that i'll go with you remember that you have me, always me

posted by jose @ 5:06 pm
0 comments






monday, january 10, 2005


it looks like i'm not gonna eat today because my robert implied that i'm huge. i invited him to come watch me play tennis and he said he didn't feel like watching my fat jiggle all over the place, so i was like "are you calling me fat?" and he was like "maybe," but that's okay because i know i'm obese and i need to lose weight. i felt like crap for like all of today. it started off that way when i woke up. basically the only good thing about today was getting my report card. i got 3 as and 3 bs, but it's like i got straight as because the bs i got were in ap classes, so i get a 4.0 for them. i have an essay due tomorrow on beowulf, but i'm not gonna do it. first of all, we haven't even finished reading it, and secondly, i just don't feel like doing it. i'm so sleepy. my mommy needs to buy me some sleeping pills. that's what i should have asked for for christmas - sleeping pills and trimspa. i should have made a list for my family of things they could have bought me because i sure didn't like any of their gifts, except for this shirt that's too huge for me that i've tried shrinking a couple of times but won't. ugh, i guess i'm off to be bored.

posted by jose @ 4:29 pm
0 comments






sunday, january 09, 2005



	 
	 what my heart says
	 
    
so let them say its wrong for me to love youthey could never feel the way that i dowhen we kiss, when we’re close like thisthey can't see inside my soulthey can't know the love we knowall they do is waste their timethey can never change my mind it's what my heart saysthat is what i listen toit's what my heart feelsthat tells me what to doit's what my heart knowsthat's the only, only truth i know is realall i hear is what my heart says to mewhat my heart says let them say that i'm a fool to fall so deeply'cause they will never ever be loved so completelyhow can they even talk that waythey can't see you through my eyesthey can't feel this love insideall their words don't mean a thingthey can't change the way i feel it's what my heart saysthat is what i listen toit's what my heart feelsthat tells me what to doit's what my heart knowsthat's the only, only truth i know is realall i hear is what my heart says to mewhat my heart says and i have never felt so sureabout anythingsee you are the onethe one that i needit doesn't matter what they think or what they sayi'm loving you anyway it's what my heart saysthat is what i listen toit's what my heart feelsthat tells me what to doit's what my heart knowsthat's the only, only truth i know is realall i hear is what my heart says to mewhat my heart says

posted by jose @ 3:44 pm
0 comments






saturday, january 08, 2005


 i love you robert

posted by jose @ 12:27 pm
0 comments









	 
	 don't cry for us
	 
    
it's hard to know just what to do in times like theseit's hard to know just what to sayand i'm just sitting here just asking myself why it's good to know you feel the sameand i believe i want to be your everything and anything you need don't cry for us tonightdon't cry we'll be alright if i could i'd be by your sidedon't cry for us you know that i'd give anything to watch you sleepi can picture you just lying thereand you don't need to say the words cuz they dont mean a thingyou know you're not alone when someone caresand i believe that you are still my anythingand everything i need don't cry for us tonightdon't cry we'll be alrightif i could i'd be by your side don't cry for us built of steel we may seem weak and rustedin times like these we've always wontrusted - in ourselves in ourselves - in ourselves don't cry for us tonightdon't cry we'll be alrightif i could i'd be by your sidedon't cry for us it's hard to know just what to do in times like theseit's hard to know just what to say

posted by jose @ 11:10 am
0 comments






wednesday, january 05, 2005



	 
	 kto, yesli ne ya? kto eto vsyo izmenit?
	 
    
today was kinda a weird day. i don't think i've ever gotten so many compliments in my life; they were all kinda about the same thing. in first period, i was looking at this picture that hungyen had in her planner that we took on the last day of school in ms masdon's class. i was a lot more huge then than i am now. so she was all like "have you lost weight?" and i was all like "no." then donte was like "yes, you have..." (he said some other stuff that he thought was funny and cute, but i won't write about it because i don't think it was, either way i took it as a compliment). then at lunch i was sitting in front of paul and he was staring at me and he was like "you look thinnner." trang was all like "oh my god, that was so mean!" i don't know what she was talking about, i was kinda flattered. anyway, paul was like "i didn't say he was fat." then he looked at me and he was like "i don't think you're fat, i was just saying you're thinner." then trang was like "just stop, you're making it worse." i hate trang. she should have kept her mouth shut - it's just like a woman to try to stir up some drama. so then in fifth period i got up to put up a book and eden was like "have you lost weight?" and i was like "no." then hungyen was like "yes, he has" and she showed her the picture. in the picture, i was standing in front of this other huge girl and i was covering her up and they were like "it's pretty bad that you were covering her up." so they finally stopped talking about me and i turned to hungyen and said "see, starving yourself does work" and she was like "well, keep starving yourself." i'm sure she was joking about that because one time she came up to me and asked me if i was starving myself and i told her no, and she was like "well, at least eat some fruit or something." anyway, my robert thought i looked nice today, which was good because i guess i must have looked terrible yesterday. he sat on my lap at the end of orchestra, so that was nice. i should try shrinking some of my shirts because they're really not flattering on me. hmmm... i have nothing to do, so i'll write about my weight loss progress over the last couple of years. in tenth grade i was at my heaviest, which was 210 lbs. when i started 11th grade i was down to 197 lbs. then, when i started school again back in august, i was 180 lbs. the last time i weighed myself, which i think was monday, i was 155 lbs. my goal is to get down to 130 by mid-february, but i'll be happy being 135, yup yup. i'm coming along well.

posted by jose @ 6:40 pm
1 comments










this is me. it's probably a lot easier getting to know me through what i write here, than getting to know me in person. so read up!


countdown



other blogs

untold lullabies (robert)
out and about (koge)
the other side of me (brian)
absent minded (justin)
wannabe leader(steven)

standout posts

does my family know?
я тебя не хочу 
future rock star here
my perfect guy
list of russian obsessions
no one's
new russian obsession
where have all the good gays gone?

previous posts

no se que hacer. estoy aburrido. ¿por que es que l...
i don't think anyone reads this anymore, but on th...
wow... it's a been a long time since i last posted...
stuff
i got you babe
intravenous love
i'm so stupid!!! i hate myself!!!
asleep
intravenous love
i'm your puppet

archives

june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
april 2005
may 2005









 





