




 


professional opticians of florida - home











become a member


profile login


member profile


change password


logout








consumer info


contact


resources




 














home




education



ce requirements




opticianry schools




online home study




abo/ncle




faqs







florida licensure



become florida licensed



additional licensing requirements







becoming board certified




state board exams



abo/ncle practical exam for state licensure







board of opticianry




apprenticeship requirements




optical establishments




report unlicensed activity




faqs







member services



about pof & member benefit




join pof




renew your membership




local chapters




legislative affairs



your florida legislators







third party programs




social networking




links, forms, & downloads







events



ce calendar/events




remote area medical clinic




ce's on the seas



education schedule




cabins







west coast better vision



education schedule




workshops & courses




optical exhibits




accommodations




speakers







vision preview



education schedule




workshops & courses




optical exhibits




accommodations




speakers







summer showcase



education schedule




workshops & courses




optical exhibits




accommodations




speakers







apprentice education



32 hour contact lens certificate program for apprentices




orientation webinar







abo/ncle exam prep



live abo / ncle reviews




online abo/ ncle reviews




webinar abo / ncle reviews







contact lens fitting course for board certification




local chapter education events







marketplace




career board




consumer info



licensed opticians: your vision experts




when do i need an optician?




who's who in the optical profession?




the eyes have it - get your prescription








 







our missionfor nearly 40 years, the professional opticians of florida (pof) has been dedicated to enhancing the competency of opticians, advancing the profession of opticianry, working to resolve the governmental policy issues affecting opticianry and to protecting the health and welfare of the public.










exciting new partnership

 
your browser does not support the video tag.



opticians for better vision
2025 donation goaldonate here


legislative update

a message from your lobbyist...
i am honored to represent the professional opticians of florida as your lobbyist in tallahassee. i’ve been involved in the legislative process now for over 35 years. i served for nine years in the florida house of representatives and then 11 years in the florida senate, and, after the required two years of retirement from the legislature, i’ve been back up in tallahassee lobbying.
working the legislature is a year-round task. it’s easier to find time to meet with legislators before session and committee meetings than during it. members and officers of the pof make contributions to our political committee, and we participate in fundraisers for the legislative leadership of both chambers and both parties. i believe that the pof has had better direct contact with legislative leadership recently than in the past. they may not always agree with us, but at least they know who we are.
in line with knowing who we are, pof is about to embark on an organized attempt to have our members meet with legislators. you should be receiving an email shortly with preliminary details on how we would like to go about accomplishing this.
in the 2020 legislative session, bills were filed that would have “sunsetted” (deregulated) many professions, including opticianry. we were able to get promises from the bill sponsors that the language about opticians would be removed if they pursued the bills. since that date, there have been no attempts to sunset the practice opticianry.
in the 2024 legislative session, there were several bills that were filed that mentioned opticianry. none were specific towards us – all were general bills that affected all medical professions. one dealt with the ability to not perform certain medical treatment if the healthcare provider had a religious objection. one dealt with reciprocity of licensure. one dealt with giving credit to veterans for medical care that they provided to others while serving in the military. none came close to passing, but the important part was that we were mentioned along with all other health care licensees. i love it! i want us to be compared to those other licensed personnel.
i hope that pof members will continue to make political contributions to the opticians for better vision political committee and will be available to write and email your legislators when we need your voices. i look forward to working with you again next year.
steve geller, esq.
pof lobbyist
broward county commissioner
former mayor, broward county, fl
former fl senator
geller law firm, pa

if you are not a member of the professional opticians of florida, please join today. pof, membership with a purpose!! https://pof.org/join-pof


career boardit never hurts to look... find the right position for you on pof's career board.

become a member
 being a member has its benefits, it's time for you to find out more why pof is the largest and most respected optician's organization in the us.

florida has a new law?"parents' bill of rights"read the new lawsample parental release
 









online ce hours
professional opticians of florida is committed to continuing our proud tradition of offering only high-quality education with our “home study” courses that are hosted on pofce.org.
only top instructors in the optical profession were asked to research and write courses that are interesting and relevant to you. each course has been reviewed by a panel of experts to ensure that all information is the most accurate and up-to-date.
all home study courses available on pofce.org are approved by the florida board of opticianry for the renewal of your florida optician's license. florida provider 50-1645.

abo-ncle simulatorsand test questions

florida events



america/new_york
abo & ncle exam reviews (online)

january 01, 2025


online



america/new_york
abo basic certification exam review webinar series

february 03, 2025 7:00 pm


online webinar



america/new_york
ncle basic certification exam review webinar series

february 05, 2025 7:00 pm


online webinar



america/new_york
apprentice/sponsor orientation webinar

march 25, 2025 7:00 pm


webinar-online



america/new_york
space coast & central florida chapter education

april 05, 2025 10:00 am


visual eyes eyewear, 975 florida central pkwy #1800, longwood, fl 32750



america/new_york
pof's emerald coast chapter education

april 06, 2025 1:00 pm


haney technical college, 3016 hwy 77, panama city, fl 32405





all events


featured event



safety harbor, fl
may 16-18, 2025more information

 









sign upsign up to receive the latest news and events








consumer info  |  resources  |  contact  |  education  |  florida licensure  |  member services  |  events  |  marketplace
copyright © 2025 professional opticians of florida  |  policy | florida provider # 50-1645











powered by wild apricot membership software













