


medical job openings - healthcare want ads - slrhc.org












online job board of medical careers
search local want ads


 





tweet




hospital job openings
nursing jobs
doctor and surgeon careers
cma employment
speech pathology jobs
pharmacy openings




medical careers » 


slrhc.org - find a new job in healthcare today
the healthcare industry absorbed the blow of the recession and kept right on expanding with barely a blink to healthcare employment job creation. debate about obamacare still lingers, but an aging population that is living longer and new technological miracles keep pushing the healthcare profession to maximum performance.
new electronic medical recordkeeping and sharing has helped to improve consistency between physicians and reduce mistaken diagnosis. in addition, this has created an entirely new spectrum of job possibilities in the very stable healthcare employment landscape. 
the most in-demand fields
with healthcare insurance being more available to more people, the promise for employment is strong. in a recent poll by healthcare professionals, the following sectors of healthcare services were specifically rated highly.
dental industry – good oral hygiene is in and in demand. dentists expect to add 23,000 new jobs by 2022. the work is clean, the setting is comfortable and patients are happy!
nurse practitioner – the bureau of labor statistics (bls) projects more than 37,100 new jobs for nurse practitioners between 2012 and 2022. the schedules are accommodating, the pay solid and overtime possibilities are strong.
pharmacists – medicine is in demand. prescription medicine in particular is standard in just about every household. the us has more than 281,500 pharmacists and the industry is expected to grow by 14.5 percent by 2022.
registered nurse – registered nurses wear many hats and are critical to the healthcare profession. growth is strong in this profession with the bls reporting projected job creation of 19.4 percent by 2022. the field is becoming more specialist-oriented with regular hours than in the past. pay is good, benefits great. additional training can lead to more responsibilities and higher pay.
physician assistant – physician assistants are the doctor’s right hand. they work closely with physicians and interpret x-rays, review blood tests, check patient progress reports and conduct routine examinations and interviews. a good pa allows the physician to tend to ore patients during the course of the day. the sector will need about 33,000 new jobs by 2022.
dental hygienist – just as dentistry is growing leaps and bounds, the demand for dental hygienists is also strong. experts project more than 33 percent growth by 2022. salaries are about $70,00, the hours are regular and the patients are grateful. 
occupational therapists – a the medical profession looks to reduce hospital stays, occupational therapists are in demand. they help patients work through injuries and learn to cope with full mental and mental recovery from trauma. the growth rate for this sector by 2022 will be about 29 percent.
physical therapists – the demand for physical therapists is even greater than for occupational therapist. the work can be challenging but rewarding. compensation is good and growth will top 36 percent by 2022.
physicians – lasts but certainly not least is the demand for physicians, a need that will grow by 123,300 jobs by 2022. physicians diagnose and treat patients across a broad range of specialties. the more advanced we become, the more specialized physicians are becoming. 
the healthcare profession is filled with opportunities. slrhc.org is here to help you find a better job in the medical field. learn more about a specialty that interests you today.




search by category

cna job openings
counseling job openings
dental assistant job openings
dental hygienist openings
home health openings
lpn job openings
medical assistant openings
medical secretary openings
nurse practitioner openings
nutritionist job openings
paramedic job openings
pharmacist job openings
pharmacy tech openings
phlebotomist job openings
physical therapist openings
physician job openings
respiratory therapist openings
rn job openings
speech therapist openings
ultrasound technician openings




 

medical careers by state




alaska 
alabama 
arkansas 
arizona 
california 
colorado 
connecticut 
washington dc 
delaware 
florida 
georgia 
hawaii 
iowa 

idaho 
illinois 
indiana 
kansas 
kentucky 
louisiana 
massachusetts 
maryland 
maine 
michigan 
minnesota 
missouri 
mississippi 

montana 
north carolina 
north dakota 
nebraska 
new hampshire 
new jersey 
new mexico 
nevada 
new york 
ohio 
oklahoma 
oregon 
pennsylvania 

rhode island 
south carolina 
south dakota 
tennessee 
texas 
utah 
virginia 
vermont 
washington 
wisconsin 
west virginia 
wyoming 






healthcare want ads by city




tucson 
mesa 
san diego 
san jose 
san francisco 
sacramento 
bakersfield 
jacksonville 
miami 
tampa 


honolulu 
wichita 
new orleans 
minneapolis 
st. louis 
las vegas 
albuquerque 
charlotte 
raleigh 
columbus 


cleveland 
toledo 
oklahoma city 
tulsa 
portland 
philadelphia 
pittsburgh 
memphis 
houston 
dallas 


san antonio 
austin 
virginia beach 
seattle 
milwaukee 
anaheim 
long beach 
santa ana 
aurora 
washington 








 
 



local medical jobs
terms and conditions
privacy policy
about us
contact us

the job listings on this site are posted by a third party entity. as such, this website is not responsible for any errors or ommissions.
@copyrights 2022 www.slrhc.org - all rights reserved.









