











grande shores resort in myrtle beach












































grand shores





menu

toggle navigation menu





navigation


close navigation







home


reservations


toggle






book a condo 


book a hotel 


manage your resevation


winter monthly rentals


home owner reservation 


affirm monthly payments





accommodations


amenities


specials


toggle






deals and specials


vacation packages and events





photo gallery


things to do


toggle






local attractions


events calendar





groups


toggle






wedding packages


sports groups


meetings & conferences


myrtle beach honeymoon packages





golf


webcam


about grande shores


toggle






faq


reviews


owner services


book direct


club seaside loyalty program


refer a friend program


contact 


gift cards


grande shores guest newsletter








phone number


(843)-692-4000















site search


site search



search




search


search








book now

condo
hotel














































arrival





departure






clear qs datepicker





unit type


condos
hotels




adults


adults
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10




children (0-17)


children
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10




promo code





group id





search now








pay over time with 








grande shores resort in myrtle beach

grande shores ocean resort is perfectly nestled in the highly desirable north end residential section of myrtle beach. here you'll enjoy one of the most beautiful and uncrowded areas of the entire grand strand. this, combined with the great convenience of being near all the great shopping, attractions, and dining you desire make for the ideal myrtle beach vacation experience.grande shores has long been one of the most cherished oceanfront hotels in south carolina and continues to deliver updated, modern conveniences and amenities in the pursuit of complete guest satisfaction. serving as your myrtle beach resort headquarters, you won't have to go far to enjoy your slice of paradise! captivating atlantic ocean views can be had from your personal balcony or you can take in the majesty of our blue waters on the lush, green lawn, complete with graceful palms and spacious seating.no matter your preference or the weather, grande shores has you covered with all the aquatic activities you desire. outdoor and indoor pools ,roof top pools lazy rivers, and hot tubs assure that you'll get valueable pool time whenever you desire. our shoreline cafe is perfect for those looking for the best in onsite dining and you'll have no problem finding amazing nearby restaurants, offering a variety of cuisine.whether you are visiting for a family vacation, myrtle beach golf getaway, or a business trip, grande shores is one of the absolute best oceanfront myrtle beach hotels. superior service, that goes above and beyond for your satisfaction will make you feel at home and make it tough to leave! you can also experience the convenience of contactless, mobile check-in and check-out at our resort, allowing you to skip the line and save valuable time. we look forward to making your vacation dreams come true!



































our stunning accommodations...
take a look at some of our accommodations available at grande shores. choose from one or two bedroom ocean view or boulevard view units.


3 bedroom oceanfront corner condo | book now

3 bedroom 7th floor pool level condo | book now

oceanfront hotel efficiency | book now

oceanfront hotel room | book now

ocean view 2 room suite | book now

view all accommodations












the best amenities for all...

welcome to grande shores, where an array of cherished amenities awaits you. immerse yourself in relaxation as you float along our multiple outdoor lazy rivers or take a dip in our oceanfront and indoor pools, accompanied by soothing hot tubs and comfortable poolside seating. savor refreshing drinks and delectable meals at our seasonal poolside bar and grill or indulge in delicious breakfast and dinner options at the shoreline cafe. find tranquility on our beautifully landscaped oceanfront lawn, where the gentle ocean breeze and melodic birdsong whisk away your worries. stay active in our updated fitness center and take advantage of our exclusive perfect stay perks, including free attraction tickets and more.




water amenities at grande shores



fitness center



perfect stay perks



shoreline cafe



in-room tv casting


view all amenities












view our deals & specials...
there are plenty of ways to save money when you stay with us from our specials on weekly rates to discounts for seniors, military, educators, law enforcement and more!


weekly discount


pre-pay and save


aaa discount


senior rate


caa discount


view all deals & specials











chevron up


return to top









search




search


search






quick links

faq
privacy policy
hotel website accessibility statement
contact us
owner services
gift cards
careers







avista resort
grande shores
horizon at 77th
prince resort
seaside resort
towers at n. myrtle beach



contact us



address



201 77th avenue n.
myrtle beach, sc 29572







phone (local)


(843)-692-4000



email us


click here to email us





facebook




youtube




instagram






sign up for fantastic deals
by signing up for our fantastic deals, you'll be the first to be notified of any upcoming myrtle beach seaside resort deals and specials! please enter your email address below and hit submit!



sign up for fantastic deals

email



sign me up!









copyright © 2025 grand shores. all rights reserved.

web design by intercoastal net designs




















































































































































































































































































































































































clear qs datepicker


clear

















