








maryland home remodeling contractor-carpentry, gutters, windows | cchi & story












































skip to content






cchi & story home renovation









 
home
about us
book us
toggle search form

search for:



 









cchi & story home renovation
when it comes to renovations, we know how important it is to have someone who knows what they’re doing by your side. that’s why our team has years of experience working with homeowners just like you so you can rest easy knowing 							everything will be taken cared of from start to finish.
get started





you can get updates on what we’re working on, new projects, services and more. don’t miss out – sign-up to our newsletter now!

first name *email address *subscribe 






our blog posts





6 signs that you need to remodel your bathroom soon 

 
posted on 08/12/202126/11/2021 


 
by cchistor			


no comments on 6 signs that you need to remodel your bathroom soon 




 

you may not think about it often, but your bathroom is the most important section in your house — unless you’re a foodie because that would be the kitchen. anyway, the bathroom is where you start the day and finish your skincare before tucking in the night. it’s also where you handle personal matters. this…
read more “6 signs that you need to remodel your bathroom soon” »



home renovation 



are gutter guards worth it for colder climate homes? 

 
posted on 30/11/202126/11/2021 


 
by cchistor			


no comments on are gutter guards worth it for colder climate homes? 




 


the average lifespan of a house is 50 years. that means for more or less half the time that it stands, you’ll be paying for upkeeps. this includes all the little things that go into maintaining a healthy home environment: repairing leaks, replacing shingles, cleaning gutters…the list goes on and on! now imagine what would happen if you’ve installed poor-quality gutters. this will eventually lead to mold infestations and other problems caused by water. fortunately, some kind soul decided to invent gutter guards. but are they worth it, especially in colder places? read till the end to find out!


first off, what is a gutter guard?


a gutter guard is exactly what it sounds to be. it’s a piece of metal or plastic designed to fit above the gutters of your house. installing an entire network of gutter guards can help prevent leaves, dirt, twigs, and debris from entering your gutters. as a result, there’s a less likely chance of water overflowing or clogging the drainage system.


it’s a piece of metal or plastic designed to fit above the gutters of your house.


why do i need gutter guards?


good question. as homeowners, you don’t necessarily think about this type of stuff until something goes wrong. on top of blocking out debris, there are also several advantages of gutter guards. days of heavy rains or storms are when you’ll be thankful to have invested in these things. see, guards:



prevent heavy water spillage and flooding.
prevent clogging of the drainage system.
specifically for colder climates, they are said to prevent ice and snow from accumulating inside the gutters and causing damage to your roofline, foundation, and landscaping.
spend less time and money in making repairs to your gutters.
decrease the chances of fires by letting you easily collect twigs and branches.
it makes cleaning a whole lot easier by collecting all debris in one place.



keep in mind that this is just to name a few. you’ve got plenty of things to benefit from gutter guards. without these pieces in place, gutters are prone to issues resulting in rainwater damaging exterior portions of your home, including paint jobs and siding materials. 


is it advisable to use gutter guards in cold climates?


so you already know how vital gutter guards are. but the question of whether or not they hold up during the cold winter months is still up for debate. after all, gutter guards are still a hefty investment, and they won’t work if installed incorrectly.


that said, while gutter guards are unlikely to suffer damage in winter conditions, the effect of ice on them can be detrimental to your gutters. how? you see, water can just pass through them with no problem. but with lower temperatures, water solidifies and creates possible ice dams. being solid, ice, snow, and sleet can build up on the guards’ surfaces, making them heavier and causing enough pressure to break the fascia or downspout. in the end, you’ll end up paying more for the repairs. 


if you already have gutter guards installed, don’t fret! just make sure to hire professional gutter cleaning services to perform maintenance during fall. after that, be diligent in shoveling your roofs when it begins to snow.


cons of using gutter guards


although gutter guards might seem like a great idea, it’s not practical to say that they’re the perfect solution to water damage. obviously, there are some disadvantages to how they work. some of them include:



tiny bits of debris still manage to get through: no matter how fine the filters on the gutter guard may seem, small pieces like seeds or pine needles still manage to get in. they will eventually build up without you realizing it.
additional maintenance work: without proper maintenance, your gutters might suffer from a problem. so you’ll still have to check your system occasionally. it’s even more tedious because you’ll have to clean the top of the guards and the inside of the gutters.
can cause sagging: it’s not just ice dams that apply weight to your fascia. over time, the twigs, leaves, and branches caught by your gutter guards can place unnecessary pressure on your gutters.
they’re additional expenses: gutter guards are by no means cheap. they might not be as expensive as the gutters, but they still cost money on top of your initial investment. and though they prevent damage to your gutters, they can still get damaged too, and you’ll have to spend money on repairing them.



cutting right through the chase, colder climates don’t necessarily benefit from gutter guards.


the final verdict


cutting right through the chase, colder climates don’t necessarily benefit from gutter guards. in fact, they’re more detrimental because of the possibility of ice dams damaging the system. since it’s not advisable to install them, just be responsible for maintaining your gutters during the winter months.




gutter guards 



6 signs that your gutters are potentially destroying your home and how to fix them 

 
posted on 25/11/202126/11/2021 


 
by cchistor			


no comments on 6 signs that your gutters are potentially destroying your home and how to fix them 




 

imagine a knight with no armor or a door without a lock. you might ask, what’s the point, right? there’s no protection or anything. that’s also how it goes for a house with no gutter system in place. see, gutters are essential to improve your home’s longevity because they protect the foundation from water damage….
read more “6 signs that your gutters are potentially destroying your home and how to fix them” »



gutter guards 



9 ways to save money on your next home renovation project 

 
posted on 08/11/202110/11/2021 


 
by cchistor			


no comments on 9 ways to save money on your next home renovation project 




 


nothing’s more satisfying than picking out new paint colors, redesigning a room from the studs out, and getting to enjoy all your hard work for years to come. home renovation can be satisfying for many reasons. it’s always an adventure going into unknown territory and taking on a project you have never done before. but at the same time, it can be an expensive venture. not to worry, though. you’re guaranteed to save some with these nine cost-effective renovation tips below!


1. determine your budget and stick with it


take note. add up all of your expected renovation costs and write them down. this should include any unexpected fees you might encounter during the project. once you’ve done that, finally, refer back to this budget regularly to make sure that you are sticking to it. no excuses unless it’s an emergency.


2. your realistic project time frame


much like the budget, another vital thing to do is have an idea of how long the project will take. why? because the timeframe hugely determines labor costs since you’re probably paying the workers an hourly rate per day. at the same time, you don’t want them cutting corners and attempting to finish the project quickly. this will likely end up in haphazard work that will trouble you later on. instead, talk with your contractors about a realistic time frame and deliverables that you can agree on. 


3. shop around for different contractors


the best thing about the internet is that you can find all kinds of information and services without even leaving your home. the price comparisons and quality of service for traditional jobs such as painting, electrical, carpentry will be easy to compare online. however, keep in mind that price shouldn’t just be the only factor in your decision. some companies might offer cheap rates, but you’ll end up with substandard work.


4. take your time


good things take time, and this applies to your renovation project. if you rush, you might have to spend more on repairs or changes to details you don’t like. don’t get carried away with your renovation project so that it becomes a reason for financial problems. spend time planning and organizing everything from budgeting to the materials you need before starting anything.


take your time making the key decisions.


5. know your limits


there are some cases where your limit should never be crossed but remember, no one wants to see their dream house ruined because they failed to say no. don’t try to force an option that skewers dramatically from your budget. if you want to save money on a renovation project, learn how to force yourself to say no and be contented.


6. try to wait until the items you want go on sale


the advantage of owning a home is that you get to choose exactly what changes you want. however, if you’re like most people, you probably don’t have enough budget to splurge on any appliance or furniture on the get-go. so be patient enough and wait for some of these things to go on sale. it might take a while but try to wait patiently because this will save you extra spending. anyway, your home isn’t going anywhere, right?


7. buy materials in bulk


a common mistake that many homeowners make is to purchase materials as they go along. it’s not much of a problem when you’re performing only minor changes. however, when you’re doing large-scale projects, buying materials in larger quantities instead makes more sense because you can negotiate with the supplier for discounts.


whether you buy or rent, make sure that the materials and equipment that you buy are of the best quality.


8. rent equipment instead of buying it


you don’t need to spend a lot of money on building equipment. instead, you can rent it for lower costs. consider renting the equipment first if you’re doing minor changes first, especially when you’ll probably just use it once.


9. sell appliances and furniture you plan to replace


an excellent way to get back on your renovation expenses is by selling old stuff. if you plan to install new appliances, then consider selling the ones you have at home instead of just letting them rust away in your storage area. the bottom line here is, sell your old possessions to purchase fresh, new ones.


get started on your home reno


there’s no such thing as a free renovation. but there is a cost-effective way to do it. remember the tips above, so you don’t have to shell out insane amounts just to increase your house’s value. cheers!




home renovation 



searchsearch

recent posts
6 signs that you need to remodel your bathroom soon
are gutter guards worth it for colder climate homes?
6 signs that your gutters are potentially destroying your home and how to fix them
9 ways to save money on your next home renovation project



we're social!
 

 



 






our partners






 







		copyright ©2025 cchi & story home renovation all rights reserved.
        review privacy terms






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled 



									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional
 



									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance
 



									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics
 



									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement
 



									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others
 



									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 






























