







home - drug free america foundation




















































skip to content



toggle navigationabouteducationadvocacyinternationalposition statementsinternational newsgtf activitiesmediain the newspodcastresearch blogjournaleventscontactdonatedonate
 





homedrug free america foundation2024-10-16t10:02:49-04:00 
drug preventioneducationresearchpolicy drug free america foundation (dfaf) is dedicated to tackling the pervasive issue of substance use and its far-reaching impacts on individuals, families, and communities.
mission & visiondrug free america foundation, inc. is a drug prevention and policy organization committed to developing strategies and educational programs that prevent drug use and promote sustained recovery. our vision is a world where all people live free of the burden and impact of drug use.
substance use leads to significant health, social, and economic problems, including substance use disorders, mental health disorders, crime, and reduced productivity. despite various efforts, many communities lack the resources and education necessary to effectively prevent and treat substance use disorders. dfaf aims to fill this gap by providing comprehensive educational campaigns, professional development, and advocacy to promote prevention, treatment, and recovery at local and global levels. by addressing these critical issues, dfaf strives to build healthier, safer communities and influence sound drug policies worldwide.
about useducationour efforts focus on equipping communities worldwide with the knowledge and tools they need to combat substance use effectively.
learn moreadvocacywe advocate for evidence-based drug policies at local, national, and international levels, ensuring that prevention, treatment, and recovery are prioritized in policy discussions.
learn moreinternationalstrengthen global collaboration by supporting networks like the global task force, enabling professionals to share knowledge, experiences, and best practices to shape effective drug policies worldwide.
learn morelatest from dfafread moreread morelast updated: february 7, 2025categories: current reseach2.2 min readthe hidden costs of cannabis legalization: a 10-year analysis of medical and recreational cannabis laws and its health impactsread more
last updated: january 31, 2025categories: current reseach2.1 min readtransforming prevention: how drug free clubs of america empowers youthread more
last updated: february 5, 2025categories: in the news, uncategorized2.2 min readjoin our photovoice project: empowering mothersread more
divisions



 
 
about dfafeducationmediaresearchinternationalresources(727) 828-0211info@dfaf.org
drug free america foundation, inc.
333 3rd ave n #200, st. petersburg, fl 33701





 
 
page load link


wordpress lightbox





















go to top




