







the museum of bus transportation - aaca museum







































































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footeraaca museuma smithsonian affiliateaaca museum, inc. · hershey, pajoin / donate!
tickets
sponsorships

visit

plan your visit
group tours
faqs
bus collection
about
news


exhibits & experiences

current exhibits
upcoming exhibits
past exhibits
museum exhibit floor plan map
road maps collectors association


events

night at the museum: hot & cool
autos & ales craft beer festival


learn

learn with us
local opportunities
educational resources
field trips and mobile outreach


host your event

wedding venue
private events
corporate events & meetings
event hosting inquiry form


contact

newsletter sign-up


bus collection

bus collection spring fling
bus collection events


shop
aaca museum, inc. · hershey, pa



a legacy of innovation and service 


mobt events
join/support
bus bookshelf
galleries














the museum of bus transportation
in 2020, the museum of bus transportation (mobt) merged with the aaca museum, inc. to create the america’s transportation experience bus collection. it is a national showcase for bus history in north america. the joint effort establishes a first-class showcase focused on preserving the heritage of the industry and educating the public about bus transportation’s contributions to american history.
the bus collection is on display in the richard o. ullman family foundation gallery on the museum’s lower level. the historic bus and motor coach fleet has grown to more than 50 buses, some more than 100 years old. a portion of the fleet is on public display at any given time on nearly 6,000 square feet of dedicated exhibit space. also, the exhibit boasts a comprehensive historical “timeline” of bus buildings in north america, perhaps the only one of its kind in the world, and a substantial collection of bus memorabilia.
the america’s transportation experience bus collection is the only preserved bus fleet open to the public nearly every day of the year. 
your support preserves bus transportation heritage


in addition to the countless hours of dedicated volunteer work required to display these treasures, restoring, preserving, and exhibiting them requires substantial financial support. the museum is a popular destination for car, truck, motorcycle, and bus buffs and a great addition to any visit to the hershey, pa, area. please consider supporting our efforts to preserve bus transportation history by visiting, joining, and contributing. 

support the bus collection!


permanant bus exhibit








shop


donate


become a member



our sponsors






















































footerquick links
home
join & support
about
news
faqs
contact
site map
visit
exhibits
events
donate
join us! museum membership
adopt-a-ride … or truck, motorcycle, bus, or tucker
host your event in style
exhibit object request
volunteer login





 

connect with us

copyright © 2025 · aaca museum, inc. | 161 museum drive, hershey, pa | 717-566-7100 · privacy policy  the aaca museum, inc. has been and remains an independent 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization, not affiliated with the antique automobile club of america. 






aaca museum
purchase ticketsplan your visitjoin & support

become a memberdonateannual corvette raffle back
map & directionseventsexhibitsthe museum of bus transportationshopvirtual toursfaqssite mapabout

museum volunteermuseum best reads back
mobt

				× close panel			
























