








marianne dorman's catholic website.















indexarticles.-â 1. mary magdalen, 2.the magi, 3. angels, 4. the kingdom,â 5. candlemass, 6. the oxford movment, 7. the transfiguration, 8. holy cross day, 9. martyrdom, 10. imitation of christ, 11. ember days, 12. mary and the gardener, 13. st. athanasius, 14. the cost of discipleship, 15. santiago de compostela, 16. freedom in christ, 17. st. jerome and the holy women of rome, 18. st. francis and sister death; 19. saul/paul of tarsus; 20. george herbert, priest and poet; 21. the home at bethany; 22.â monasticism; 23. james;â dead sea scrolls;.â church historyâ . â 1. the persecuted church, 2.â church and state. 3. theâ ministry and worship of the churchâ to c.160, 4. theâ pauline legacy; 5.â arianism and the cappadocian fathers; 6.â the school of alexandria; 7.â the school of antioch;ecumenismâ -â 1. that they all may be one.lives â of saintsmeditationsâ -â 1. st. francis, 2. the transfiguration; 3.â our ladyâ of sorrows;â stationsâ of the cross.â .psalm 119.â good friday reading.â â servicesâ - 1.â office for the dead; 2.â service of light;the marian year- â 1. the annuciation, 2.the mother of god, 3. visitation, 4. mary in may, 5. dormition, 6. nativity, 7. lady of sorrows, 8. rosary month, 9. presentation of mary in the temple; 10. the conception. 9.â our lady of walsinghampoems. for christmasâ  theâ christian year;prosesaintsâ -â january;â february;â march;â april;â may;â june;â july;â august;â september;â october;â november;â december.seasonal -"let the soul of mary beâ inâ each of you to magnify the lord.let the spirit of mary be in each one to exult in god.according to the flesh one woman is the mother of christ, but according to faith, christ is the fruit of all men and women." â  - st. ambrose.women and the churchâ -â 1. ministry of women in the apostolic church, 2. feminine martyrs, 3. beginning of women monasticism, 4. women as missionaries and abbesses; 5. the beguines. â 6.â maryâ of magdala;â â "we shall never completely know ourselves if we do not strive to know god."st. teresa of avila.â "give me, o lord, a heart that thinks on you,â a soul that delights in you,â a mind that contemplates you,â and a reason that always remains faithful â â to you, most sweet one,â and loves you wisely, o most wise love."â  st. augustine.â this page was last updated on: december 5, 2024reflectionswe are citizens of heaven, enrolled in our native land on high, and fellow choristers of the cherubim.st. john chrysostomdevotionalâ -â 1. anselm's prayer to mary magdalen; 2.â the nativity; 3.â thomas becket; 4.â the passion;â lenten sundays;-â 1.â st. augustineâ of hippo, 2.edward the confessor, 3. st. ignatius of antioch, 4. gregory the great, 5. st. barnabas, 6. john the â baptist, 7. st. boniface, 8. st. dominic, 9. st. bernard, 10. st. cecilia; 11. st. martin de tours; 12. st. jerome and the vulgate; 13. st. laurence; 14. st. remigius; 15. st. benedict 16. st. augustine of canterbury. 17. blessed charles de foucauld; 18. francis xavier; 19.â thomasâ ã becket;â new guinea martyrs;-â 1. sunrise reflections.â 2.â remembrance1. praying, 2. sharing, 3. being. 4. on love; 5.â the powerfulâ name of jesus; 6.â mary of magdala;â 7.lentenâ reflection; 8.â mary and the gardener;â resurrection;1. holy spirit, 2. the blessed sacrament, 3. commemoration for the dead, 4. advent, 5. christmas, 6. epiphany, 7. candlemass , 8. shrove tuesday, 9. ash wednesday, 10. lent, 11. holy week , 12. triduum , 13. easter , 14. pentecost; 15. the annunciation, 16. trinity sunday; 17. the â dormition.; 18. corpus christi â 19. the transfiguration; 20. all saints; 21. all souls'day;â 22. holy name; 23.â hallow e'en;7.â  24.â st. stephen;25.â st. john;27.holy innocents; 28.â holy family; 29.â dedication of john lateran;30. theâ ascensionhis life, teaching, preaching and praying.â andrewes3.celebratingâ epiphanyall material on this website is under copyright. permission is given to use material but it must be acknowledged.o lord, the help of the helpless,the saviour of the storm-tossed,the harbour of voyagers,the physician of the sick;we pray to you.o lord you know each of us and our petitions;you know each house and its needs;receive us all into your kingdom;make us children of light,and bestow your peace and love upon us. - basil of caeseraeâ  â â 4. celebratingâ candlemass. 5.â shrove tuesday.women with vision.â 1. mary magdalen; 2.â st. monnica; 3. st. clare; 4. st. margery of kempe'; 5.â st. hugebercâ abbess of hidesheim; 6. st. jane francesâ de chantal;7.â julian of norwich; 8. st.â teresa of avila; 9.â st. helena;10.â st. hildegard;the bible â  1.â god's covenant with his people; 2.â god delivers his people; 3. theâ pauline legacy; 4.â wisdom literature; 5.â scripture in the early church; 6.the psalms;â catechesisâ -â 1. baptism, 2. theâ creed, 3.â praying, 4. theâ eucharist, 5. the lesserâ sacraments, 6.â worship, 7.â doctrine, 8. the christianâ virtues, 9. the life ofâ christ,â 10. theâ bible. 11. theâ christianyear. 12.â pashcaâ preparation; 13.â jews' passover;14.â christians' passover; 15.â christ's â passover; 16.holiness; 17. theâ paschal vigil readings;â 18.scripturecaroline divinesmy â books:â  â if you do not find what you are seeking please contact me and i shall be happy to help you. shalom.â forâ lenten and passion;mark frank7.â the gospels; 8.â matthean geneaology; 9.â marcan gospel; 10.â isaiah's vision;â god be in my headand in my understanding.god be in my eyesand in my looking.god be in my speakingand in my heart,and in my thinking.god be at my endand in my departing.o holy spirit, giver of light and life, impart to us thoughts higher than our own thoughts and prayers better than our own prayers, that we may spend and be spent in the ways of love and goodness, after the perfect image of our lord and saviour jesus christ. amen.â â may the strength of god guideâ us,may the power of god preserve us,may the wisdom of god instruct us,may the hand of god lead us,may the shield of god defend us.may christ be with us,christ before us,christ behind us,christ around us,christ within us,this day and for evermore. amen.for ourâ blessed dead;caroline divineslancelot andrewesmarkâ frankhis life, times and teaching.â lent with caroline divines.georgeâ herbertnicholas ferrarâ andâ familyjohnâ cosinâ  â  â  â jeremyâ tayloras christians to-day we have to stand up and be counted for christ's teachings. otherwise we are going to be entombed in the culture of death and dishonesty that is rampart in all western societies. yet we must not lose our acknowledgement that god is present in all of creation, in whose being we all live and have our being.â johnâ donneangels rejoice: the christ has comeâ  fod adventangels welcome:â the risen lordâ angels celebrate: 3 vols. daily meditations for ordinary time11.â the first pentecosttoâ paulâ more than any other apostle we owe the preaching of the gospel in those years after christ's death and resurrection.examination of conscienceseven whole daysâ  â an arrangement of george hebert's poems for the christian year.anthonyâ farindonsome outstandingcaroline laypeoplejohnâ evelynrobertâ shirleylady aliceâ duddley12. theâ rapturelent.2;â lent 3;â lent 4;â lent 5;â lent.6;homily â for â laetare sundayforâ easter & penecostholy weekâ poemseaster.â â holy tuesday.do you love me?daily prayer13.â new creationâ st. paul's writingsliving lentâ  â  a daily meditation throughâ lentmark frankâ : his life, theology and a collectionâ of his sermons for the christian year.lancelot andrewes: various booksfurther liturgical poems for christmas season;â  â biblicalâ poemsâ  â ;14.â a more excellent waymaking melodyâ in your heartaâ lentenâ reflection;â be ye holy not perfect;forâ adventmarianne dorman's websitewilliamâ lauddr. henry hammond

website designed at homestead™ create a website and list your business










