










home - lansing regional chamber of commerce


























































  





















skip to content



















                                join the chamber                            











                                member login                            











                                lansing marketplace                            











                                job board                            












































































menu 
membership join the chamber new member referral business resources event & meeting space rentalathena lansing athena win athena powerlinkdei diversity, equity & inclusion dei executive roundtableevents chamber calendar community calendar programs at a glance signature events networking opportunities lansing economic club advocacy events and roundtablestalent lansing job board leadership lansing 10 over the next ten awards talent resourcesadvocacy paid sick leave & minimum wage update  advocacy and government affairs current issues lrc-pac capcog capitol connectionmedia news focus magazine sponsorship and marketing opportunities voice of small business annual reportyour chamber about us staff chamber ambassadors board of directors contact us help desk choose lansing greater lansing visitor inspiration guide








 




































connect. grow. thrive.as the lansing region’s trusted voice and business leader, we work relentlessly to help businesses connect, grow and thrive.
 




















building a better chamber, stronger community and more vibrant region






the lansing regional chamber of commerce is dedicated to delivering value and providing the tools and resources that businesses need to connect, grow, and thrive.  whether it's making invaluable community and business connections, supporting transformational economic development, providing cost-saving membership benefits and professional development opportunities, or participating in public policy discussions that affect our region, the lansing regional chamber strives to meet the needs of each of our 1,000+ members.

















					join the chamber				








					events				








					member search				



















mark your calendar


















view all events






















learn more
















 
focus magazine 
focus magazine is the lansing regional chamber’s monthly business publication designed to keep members up-to-date on economic, business and member news. individuals also will learn more about lrcc events, legislative updates and business happenings.
learn more 



















 
2025 media kit & sponsorship guide 
looking to create brand awareness? want to market to the lansing region's key influencers? looking to get involved with the lrcc? check out the media kit and sponsorship guide today!
learn more 



















 
programs at a glance 
our professional growth and development programs provide specialized and strategic learning initiatives designed to enhance the knowledge, skills, and leadership capabilities of business leaders, owners and employees.
learn more 



















 
marketplace connect 
marketplace connect is delivered monthly to the inboxes of nearly 4,000 lansing regional chamber of commerce members, business professionals and prominent decision-makers. this member-to-member e-newsletter is an innovative way to connect with lansing business and lrcc members.
learn more 



















 
let's rebuild lansing 
the mayor and city council need to work together on approving the plan for state appropriations to create new opportunities downtown lansing. business and labor agree: this is the opportunity we’ve been waiting for to position our city for future success.
learn more 



















as a member of the lansing regional chamber of commerce, you'll have access to the tools, services, and connections you need to connect, grow, and thrive.






















































lansing regional chamber leadership circle investors
























                                af group                            














                                auto owners                            














                                bcbsm                            














                                consumers energy                             














                                dean                            














                                farm bureau                            














                                gm                            














                                granger                            














                                jackson                            














                                martin commercial properties                            














                                mclaren                            














                                msufcu                            














                                msu                            














                                university of michigan health-sparrow                            






next
previous






leadership circle investors are proven business and community leaders. we value their committment and applaud their efforts to strengthen our region with their leadership and appreciate the important role they play in advancing our region.









 












© 2025 lansing regional chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












connect. grow. thrive.




















lansing regional chamber of commerce













500 e. michigan ave. suite 200 | lansing, mi 48912 














517.487.6340 














contact us 




















































 © 

 lansing regional chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















