




winged warriors/national b-body owners association








winged warriors/national b-body owners association













what's new

table of contents

about this site





2022 dsac/winged warrior national meet – milwaukee wi, aug 25-28th





2025 mopar car shows and other events calendar updated!





tidbits







founded in 1975, the winged warriors/national b-body owners association
(n.b.o.a.) is the international club devoted to the research, preservation,
restoration and enjoyment of 1969 dodge daytonas, 1970 plymouth superbirds
and all 1962-74 b-body mopar vehicles, including belvedere, road runner, gtx, 
satellite, coronet, charger and superbee. ownership is not required for
membership - admirers and enthusiasts are welcome!
during our many years together, the club has passed several milestones. 
after humble beginnings in the san francisco bay area with the name bay 
area road runners, a merger and several name changes later, the club 
developed into an organization exclusively for the special nascar-bodied 
vehicles (ie: daytona, superbird, 1969 charger 500, ford talladega and 
mercury cyclone spoiler ii). using the name nascar street classics 
ltd, the emphasis in our monthly publication was mostly centered around 
the racing heritage of those cars. with the departure of the ford products, 
our interests shifted to locating and registering as many of the existing 
winged cars as possible and reproducing as many of the special parts as 
our members needed for their restorations.

in the mid-80's, it was decided to open up the club to the 1962-74 
b-bodies, as these machines were a significant part of our history and our 
goal was to see as many of them saved as possible. with the inclusion of 
the 1962-74 b-bodies, the club has grown significantly, a huge amount of 
information has been shared and we have helped each other research and 
restore these special machines.
we are proud to be one of the few clubs recognized by chrysler. in the 
mid-80's, when chrysler cleaned out their warehouses, the original 3/8 
scale model was found that was used in wind tunnel testing and development 
of the 1969 charger 500 and later the daytona. chrysler donated this model 
to our club and we proudly accepted it with the goal of restoring it to 
original condition and sharing it with all mopar fans.
long-time member dave patik of tallahassee, fl, has spent much of his 
adult life researching the 3/8 model's history and interviewing chrysler 
folks who were involved with its use. he serves the club not only as 
custodian to the 3/8 scale model, but also as our restoration advisor, as 
he is an expert on correctness and details. a restoration of the 3/8 
scale model has been on-going for several years and our goal is to someday 
have it displayed with all of the different nose cone and wing 
configurations that were originally tested on it. the model appears at many 
mopar shows throughout the country  each year so others can learn about
it.

our members receive a monthly publication, the winged warrior/b-body review, 
which averages sixteen pages each month and is always on time! some of the 
material includes: reprints of chrysler factory paperwork on the development 
of our cars and factory bulletins, technical and restoration information, black 
and white photos, member car features, new product information, new collectibles/
toys/models  announced, coverage of significant shows and events, a calendar 
of events in the summer months, occasional reprints of old race coverage and 
classic ads featuring our cars, a large advertising section (advertising is 
always free to our members!). as a special treat to our members, we occasionally 
include a full-color page of mopars.

each year, the club holds a national meet in a different location. the 
location is voted on by the members and a local member in that area acts as 
our host, arranging hotel accommodations, organizing local tours and planning 
other events, providing maps and directions, etc. our meets are 
family-oriented, more like yearly family reunions where our 
members can see each other and spend some fun and relaxing time together and 
still be able to enjoy their cars. some of the activities we've enjoyed at 
past national meets have been: a leisurely drive through the smokey mountains; 
plane rides at ona raceway in wv; walking tour of historic downtown vandergrift, 
pa; 100 winged cars doing a parade lap before the talladega 500 race; white 
water rafting down the hiwausee river in tn; a tour of the pittsburgh-wheeling 
steel plant; sprint car racing in ia; a drive on the chrysler proving grounds in 
mi; tour of the fermilab atomic plant in chicago; busch gardens in fl; go-cart 
racing in in; a day at the beach in ca; the columbus zoo in oh; and a parade 
lap on the kalamazoo speedway in mi, just to name a few.










for more information




for a membership application








hemixx29@gmail.com
 
or write to:
winged warriors/n.b.o.a.
international headquarters
216 12th st. 
boone, ia 50036









               membership
	to renew or subscribe via paypal
use pulldown menu for your country
print and mail the membership
application for new subscriptions
please send mike mcguire your
renewal info when using paypal
          
us $30.00
canada usd yearly $35.00
europe usd yearly $40.00
us joint membership $32.00
 











download and print

or write to:
membership director mike mcguire
7 live oak lane
palm coast, fl 32137
(386) 446-6525 and leave message 








benefits of membership in the winged warriors/n.b.o.a.

monthly newsletters and occasional supplementaries and special issues
free classified advertising
technical and restoration information with qualified advisers available
nos, used and reproduction parts availability
one free full-color window decal (additionals may be purchased)
free club business cards
free full-color mopar montage
your car registered with our international registry of existing car club
an annual national meet held in a different 
location in the u.s. each year (events consist of selected tours and 
family activities, car show, free picnic, raffle and games with prizes, etc.)





join winged warriors/n.b.o.a. and start 
receiving the benefits
of a great organization with people who care







what's new


table of contents

about this site





© 1997-2025 winged warriors/national b-body owners association. all rights 
reserved.





