























amphibiaweb | home















what are amphibians

meet the amphibians
amphibian facts
species by the numbers
new species
news of the week
dichromatism





education

for kids
for teens
for educators
aprender en español
free books
biology links
glossary





conservation

global decline & conservation
habitat
climate change
wildlife disease
introduced species
amphibians and people
contaminants
synergisms
take action
watch list species
conservation links
monitoring links
bibliographies

















amphibiaweb


see what's new 



                    connecting people around the world by synthesizing and sharing information about amphibians to enable research, education, and conservation



keep amphibiaweb jumping! donate 












image of the week





                    batrachyla taeniata
                         
                          
                   | banded wood frog

                    
                    
                    | photo by richard d. sage
                   
                







amphibian news




leer en español 





                        
 
                       traits are inheritable characteristics and can vary among individuals, a basis for selection to operate. repeatability is one of the first quantifiable measures towards suggesting heritability and a potential response to selection. in amphibians, acoustic signals with higher repeatability has been observed to likely have high heritability values, and traits with low repeatability values are likely non-heritable. moreno-gómez et al. (2024) conducted a study of variation and repeatability of the calls of males of the banded wood frog, batrachyla taeniata, from the south american temperate forest. in lab-controlled conditions, they exposed male frogs for eight days to choruses recorded in the field where the animals were collected. they found that variation of acoustic properties was significantly affected by temporal blocks and days of recording, and that the three variables measured behaved differently: call rate generally increased within and throughout days; call duration decreased during these time spans and dominant frequency decreased within days but increased across days. nonetheless, patterns of change indicate that repeatability tends to increase toward the end of any given day for the three acoustic properties. the overall increase in repeatability values within days for the three call variables analyzed indicate an increase in individual consistency and inter-individual variation, which would imply that females can exert their mate choices based on call features more effectively at later hours of a signaling day.  



                        
                    
read more news








current number of amphibian species in our database

                        as of 
                        (feb 18, 2025)
     
                    

                        8,862
                    
see latest new species 




 total amphibian species by order 



 
                                225 caecilians
                                



                                826 salamanders
                                



                                7,811 frogs
                                











check out what's new in our database

                        see what's new 





search database


search geography


browse taxa lists


search photos











                    amphibiaweb is an ongoing collaboration between researchers, citizen scientists, and students around the world led by the university of california berkeley.
                    

                        header photo:
bumpy glass frog (centrolene heloderma)
by anton sorokin 





about us
phylogeny & taxonomy
contribute
about amphibians
disease portal 


newsletter & sign-up
data on amphibiaweb
site map
log in
shop our gear 












