





mothers against munchausen by proxy allegations - mbps - msp









the
        discredited theory of 



mothers against
munchausen syndrome by proxy  allegations




"you shall not bear false
witness against your neighbor." exodus 20:16

m.a.m.a. was
begun in response to the fast growing number of false allegations of munchausen syndrome by proxy (msbp). parents are being
accused of making their own children ill. increasingly, families across america, britain,
australia, canada and new zealand are being destroyed by doctors and other professionals
who make false and even malicious allegations against desperate
mothers of chronically/critically ill children.  
the inventor of this label/diagnosis, sir roy
meadow, has now been completely discredited in the uk courts and there is a
tremendous public outcry for review of all cases in which he has ever been
involved. (for more information see published
articles) we believe there should be a review of all cases world-wide in
which msp label has been used.
 the motives of the accusers can be
multi-faceted. often, allegations are used by a doctor or institution to evade a
medical malpractice lawsuit, or to simply rid themselves of a troublesome mom
when frustrated and unable to diagnose a child's condition.  increasingly, this
label is
being deliberately misused by opposing parents in child custody suits. many nurses and
even doctors have been accused.  sids deaths are the new frontier of prosecution.





    philip patrick died a horrifying death as a 
 "medical hostage" at 
vanderbilt children's hospital 
in nashville, tn 
 because of a false msbp diagnosis by a gastro doc, 
      d brent polk.
      he knew julie patrick less than 30 minutes
      and called in a cps worker, very eager on her first  msbp case.
      their actions cost philip his life! julie was
      exonerated too late.




every parent
who is seriously advocating for their child is in imminent danger of this cruel and
ridiculous allegation! mothers are emotionally raped, publicly slandered,
criminally charged and jailed. even if their child is returned, they will suffer a
lifetime from the trauma and may be tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt from
the legal fees!

the word syndrome is usually used when there is a collection of abnormal
symptoms or characteristics to diagnose many different genetic illnesses. the
word "syndrome" in the diagnosis of munchausen syndrome by proxy, is a
collection of normal personality characteristics (sometimes
called warning signs) of the care
giver.  never should a
pediatrician engage in evaluating a parent's motive for the suspected abuse. a
pediatrician must deal with science, not innuendo or personal bias. even the most seasoned
psychologists would avoid evaluating someone during a life crisis, yet this diagnosis
relies on the unqualified evaluation of a parent's emotions during just such a time. it is
serious misconduct to refer to a parent's demeanor as a basis for suspecting abuse. 

the madness continues as the "experts" debate
over this controversial diagnosis. some say it is rare, while others claim it is common.
the evolution of this diagnosis continues as even the name is debated...factitious
disorder by proxy, meadow's syndrome, pediatric falsification, etc. all while vying to be the top
expert in this field, some claim it is a psychiatric condition, while others state it is
a medical diagnosis, or a pattern of behavior. yet they all involve identifying the psychological motivation of
the parent. munchausen by proxy is not recognized by the american medical
association or the american psychiatric association. any physician who diagnoses
this 'disorder' rather than identifying actual abuse by medical evidence, should be reported to the ethics board.
innocent mothers are
profiled and removed from their medically fragile child without any
evidence that a crime has even occurred. often, on the basis of a single phone call from a doctor,
 cps
will rush in and confiscate a child without even interviewing the parents, 
leaving the "investigation" to the accusing physician!
mom and dad will be instantly treated as criminals, guilty until proven innocent,
and may lose the rest of their children as well. in reality, the
accusers, medical caregivers and child protective service (cps)
workers often
perpetrate the real abuse. 
the child is held up like a carrot, causing the
mother to dance to their tune and agree to
"msbp counseling". much of the
purpose of this is to extract a false "confession," while assuring the mother
that cooperation will enable a quicker reunification. financially and emotionally drained
from their child's long illness, many moms are manipulated and entrapped in this
"web of deceit" because of their
inability to fight. 
the false msbp diagnosis can be gravely detrimental; adding
deep emotional stress to an ill child from maternal
deprivation. aggressive treatment may be stopped with the assumption
that just "removing the mother" will get results, risking serious consequences
to the child's well-being. also, the child's health is further jeopardized because the
mother's watchful eye is replaced with rotating nurses who have little or no experience
with the child and his/her intricacies.
relatives, friends or
even family ministers are barred from being able to nurture or advocate for the
child, branded as also a threat and guilty by association.  this policy is designed to do no other than cover for the
physician and hospital; to eliminate witnesses against them! incredibly,
all of this is being practiced in hospitals publicizing their "family
centered care." meanwhile the
child is held as a "medical hostage" under the care of a
physician or hospital who might do anything to protect their credibility!
considering that a report by harvard school of public health
 states that approximately 180,000 americans die each year as a result of medically induced injury
or negligence, we should not be
surprised in the surge of msbp cases reported. this is a wealthy industry that does not
want scrutiny and one that will take extraordinary measures to protect their image and
income. that's why this "syndrome" was crafted broadly to imitate the actions of
most advocating mothers - those who might "over utilize" the system.
 if the msbp diagnosis is eventually proven to be erroneous and negligent,
causing real harm or even death to the child, both the physician
and cps workers hide behind a guise of good faith
immunity laws. the physician will proclaim that he had a legal
responsibility to report even the slightest suspicion of abuse, even
if he hadn't followed standard medical guidelines for researching all possible conditions
which would produce the same symptoms. cps,
in turn, will cry that they were only responding to the expert opinion. 



our mission is to stop the assault on innocent parents from msbp
allegations and to reveal the ulterior motives of the accusers.
prevent the broad label from being used in a court of law and hold accountable
any physician who acts as judge and jury. 
we must educate parents at risk, that an msbp "diagnosis" and
"profile" can easily be fitted to include any mom who seriously
advocates for her child. laws must be changed to safeguard children and families.
it is much too easy for a physician to make this accusation with no accountability
if they are wrong. hospitals, physicians and insurance companies have too much to gain by
deterring a possible medical malpractice suit. 

special note: we
acknowledge that occurrences of child abuse are very real in our society and if a
physician has real evidence to suspect child abuse, regardless of the
motive of the perpetrator, it must be investigated and the perpetrators brought to swift
and effective justice!
in contrast, often the agenda behind munchausen syndrome by
proxy is to be able to make an accusation without evidence, but by
the munchausen syndrome by proxy profile
. if it is in fact a crime has been committed, call it by it's real name...suffocation,
poisoning, tampering with urine sample, etc....offer evidence! you don't need
fancy labels or self-proclaimed experts to line their pockets pretending to be
the only ones who know how to diagnose a crime. 

"one of the most pernicious and ill-founded theories to have gained
currency in childcare and social services over the past 10 to 15 years"
-- lord howe, shadow spokesperson for health, house of lords








published articles & other links  
the experts unmasked



action
          alert
we need your help! please
          contact me if you have a child who may have had an adverse reaction to
          reglan (metoclopramide) since summer of 2000. juliep@msbp.com



movie
      news!



mama/m.a.m.a.
from
      the producer of waco: the rules of engagement (1997 fff) comes this
      provocative investigation of munchausen syndrome by proxy, a perplexing
      psychological disorder where a mother secretly but deliberately harms her
      child in order to get the sympathy and praise of others and the attention
      of the medical community. what emerges over three years of scrutiny are
      disturbing questions related to the medical profession's arrogant use of
      the diagnosis, the possible contribution from the pharmaceutical industry,
      and its grievous impact on families. or is mama really responsible? is
      this syndrome an authentic phenomenon or is it a witch-hunt? what are the
      moral implications of a society that fails to question the science behind
      the disorder, blindly lending faith to its sensational existence? the
      deeply disturbing mama/m.a.m.a. closely follows three cases, allowing the
      audience to absorb all points of view and determine who the real abusers
      are.
*
      dvd
      now available!



book
      news


"disordered mother or disordered
    diagnosis:  munchausen by proxy syndrome"
read the foreword to this
    thought-provoking book by the
    analytic press




"one
      of the finest, most erudite pieces of scholarship and clear thinking i
      have yet to read, dr. mart's treatise explodes the myths of faulty
      reasoning and pseudoscience underlying the msbp construct. his masterful
      and elevating exposé fully embraces the scientific heart of advanced
      differential diagnosis and shines a lasered beacon for directing competent
      investigations of purported abuse phenomena. 'unenlightened expertise'
      will topple in the wake of this masterful work."
kirk witherspoon, ph.d., forensic & clinical psychologist
      moline, illinois
      
(click on book for author's website)
available at amazon.com




       
using scientific evidence and case studies from three
      continents, investigative journalist craig mcgill argues that the
      well-being of children across the world is of paramount importance. he
      examines the psychological damage caused to the children involved and the
      sometimes fatal consequences of a misdiagnosis.
do no harm? confronts a crucial childcare issue of our
      time. are mothers really putting their children's lives at risk? or are
      frustrated doctors using msbp to cover up their lack of knowledge or, in
      some cases their medical negligence?
available at amazon.com
       
      










this
      is the first book to look at the links between adhd and autistic spectrum
      disorders in depth. the author uses the metaphor of the 'tapestry' to more
      clearly explain the interwoven nature of these disorders. she discusses
      different approaches, emphasizing the importance of early intervention and
      of finding the right approach for each child. this holistic viewpoint is
      extremely useful for parents because it demonstrates how a deeper
      understanding of the complexity of human development can lead to more
      appropriate early intervention and treatment plans for children with
      complex symptoms.
 lisa
      blakemore-brown is an independent applied psychologist specializing in
      adhd, asperger syndrome and related disorders. she is chairwoman of
      promoting parenting skills (bps psychologists) in the uk. her recent
      research has focused on early intensive system intervention, and the
      increasing professional recognition of the overlapping features of adhd
      and asperger syndrome.
available at amazon.com













want to stay informed?


join our newsletter now!    

name:
e-mail address:






 [ mbps
  | msp | munchausen by proxy syndrome]

1




