















lloyd’s® barbeque





























 






skip to content




































            products                








                all products    




 



                by lifestyle              


easy meals


entertaining


recipe ready


snacking & on-the-go





                  featured                



 
                          hormel® natural choice® deli roast beef                        




 
                          house of tsang™ spicy ginger chicken                        








            brands                








                all brands    




 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







            recipes                








                all recipes    




 



                by meal type              


appetizers & snacks


breakfast & brunch


dessert


drinks


lunch & dinner





                  featured                



 
                          pizza favorites                         




 
                          grilling ideas                        












what can we help you find?




go




















 














products
recipes
faqs
 




lloyd’s® barbeque










fully cooked bbq. ready in minutes.    




 



serving suggestion


 
lloyd’s® seasoned & shredded pork in original bbq sauce

    view product  






fully cooked bbq. ready in minutes.    




 



serving suggestion


 
lloyd’s® seasoned & smoked babyback ribs in original bbq sauce

    view product  







 




          varieties         


















 
lloyd’s® seasoned & smoked st. louis style spareribs in original bbq sauce




 
lloyd’s® seasoned & smoked babyback ribs in original bbq sauce




 
lloyd’s® seasoned & shredded pork in original bbq sauce




 
lloyd’s® seasoned & shredded beef in original bbq sauce




 
lloyd’s® seasoned & shredded chicken in original bbq sauce


 




















              lloyd’s® barbeque tubs            

make any night bbq night with our quick and easy barbeque tubs. 

    view tubs  





 




          varieties         


















 
lloyd’s® seasoned & shredded pork in original bbq sauce




 
lloyd’s® seasoned & shredded beef in original bbq sauce




 
lloyd’s® seasoned & shredded chicken in original bbq sauce


 













 




          how to prep        



















      stovetop for tubs
    










empty meat and sauce into 2-quart saucepan.
cover and heat over medium heat for 6-8 minutes, stirring frequently, until hot.
serve and enjoy!
microwave oven and stoves will vary. heating times given are approximate and may need to be adjusted based on previous cooking experiences with your appliances.



          direct link    




 















      microwave for tubs
    










remove lid. pierce plastic film in several spots on top of microwave container to vent.
place container in microwave. heat on high for 1-1/2 minutes.
peel back film and stir contents. re-cover with film and continue to heat for 1 to 1-1/2 minutes or until hot.
let stand for 1 minute.
remove container from microwave using handles. stir well before serving.
caution: container and its contents will be hot. carefully remove film to avoid steam burns.



          direct link    




 















      slowcooker for tubs
    










remove meat from package and place in slow cooker.
cover and heat as directed below.
for 1 package: heat on low for 1¼ to 1½ hours or high for 45-60 minutes.
for 2 packages: heat on low for 2 hours or high for 1 hour.
appliances vary. heating times given approximate and may need to be adjusted.



          direct link    




 















      oven for tubs
    










remove contents from package and place in an oven-safe baking dish.
cover with foil and heat in a preheated 350°f oven for 20 minutes or until warm.



          direct link    




 









      no results found.    


    load more  












              make any night bbq night            

great flavor is easy when you start with lloyds® barbeque. 

    explore recipes  












              guarantee a great bbq with the #1 selling ribs in america!            




* based on latest 52 weeks of iri data



 




          varieties         


















 
lloyd’s® seasoned & smoked st. louis style spareribs in original bbq sauce




 
lloyd’s® seasoned & smoked babyback ribs in original bbq sauce


 













 




          how to prep        



















      grill for ribs
    









from chilled (if frozen, thaw before grilling)

heat grill.
cut 2 large sheets of heavy-duty foil twice the length of the ribs, and place on top of each other.
spray top sheet of foil with cooking spray.
remove ribs from package and place on center of foil. spread sauce over ribs, or save for later.
pull foil around ribs, leaving a 1-inch gap in center.
place on grilling rank at the coolest portion of the grill. cover grill and heat 15-20*** minutes or until hot (watch carefully to avoid burning).
***thicker ribs may take up to 10 minutes longer.



          direct link    




 















      microwave for ribs
    










remove ribs from package.
heat as directed, for about 5 minutes. let stand 2 minutes. open carefully—hot steam will escape.



          direct link    




 















      oven for ribs
    










heat oven to 375°f. remove ribs from package and place on sheet of heavy-duty aluminum foil large enough to extend 3 to 4 inches beyond each end of ribs. spread all the sauce over ribs, or save for later.
spoon 1 tablespoon water over ribs if desired. wrap foil tightly around ribs.
place foil-packed ribs in baking pan. heat 30 mins @ 375°f if ribs are refrigerated, 50 mins if ribs are frozen.



          direct link    




 















      slowcooker for ribs
    










remove meat and sauce from package.
cut rib into pieces. place meat and sauce in slow cooker.
cover and heat as directed below.
for 1 package: heat on low for 2½ to 3 hours or high for 1¼ to 1½ hours.
for 2 packages: heat on low for 4 hours or high for 1¾ to 2 hours.
appliances vary. heating times given are approximate and may need to be adjusted.



          direct link    




 















      air fryer for ribs
    










heat air fryer to 325°f.
cut 1 package of ribs (1½ pounds) into serving size pieces.
place ribs in air fryer. add sauce as desired.
heat for 10-15 minutes or until warm. let stand for 2 minutes before serving.
appliances vary. heating times are approximate and may need to be adjusted.



          direct link    




 









      no results found.    


    load more  












              ribs made easy            

explore our recipes for quick and easy bbq ribs to satisfy your cravings. 

    explore recipes  











          our story​        






lloyd’s barbeque company was established in 1978 by lloyd sigel, who began with a singular vision to create delicious, authentic fully-cooked barbeque ribs. through years of dedication, lloyd managed to painstakingly capture the secret of making and packing a restaurant-quality rib. today, your whole family can enjoy the rewards of lloyd’s endeavors—the perfect barbeque solution for the time-pressed cook.




 





follow brand
















          © 2025 lloyd’s barbeque company, llc. all rights reserved.        


more from hormel foods


 


never miss a beat!
stay up to date on new products and recipes. be the first to know about events and special savings.


email address*


  























follow hormel foods










































































        helpful links    





about    





blog
brand consent request    





contact
 




        support    





accessibility    





allergen information    





 




        policies    





terms & conditions    





privacy policy    





your privacy choices    





our 45 day guarantee    





 












                © 2025 hormel foods, llc. all rights reserved.              










 


    see recipes  






















