























u.s. commission on civil rights







  skip to main content











an official website of the united states government
here's how you know


here's how you know









official websites use .gov

              a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use https

              a lock (   

lock
locked padlock



 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
            













visit our covid-19 page for the latest updates on the pandemic response.













		u.s. commission on civil rights
      

since 1957


menu









about



 our mission



 commissioners



 offices and staff



 careers



 acquisition opportunities



 rankin memorial library



 faqs






meetings



 event calendar



 public briefings



 commission business meetings



 advisory committees meetings






news



 commission news



 advisory committees news



 correspondence



 videos






reports



 annual statutory enforcement



 briefing reports



 advisory committees reports



 budget and performance



 foia reports



 data inventory program



 civil rights complaints



 historical publications





 advisory committees



 cssbmb




contact



 contact us



 refer a complaint








faqs


refer a complaint



 








usccr
informing the development of national civil rights policy and laws


















listen











official viewsthe official views of the united states commission on civil rights are primarily found in reports and publications, which include statements, letters, press releases, and other correspondence found on the commission’s website or other public collections. any statements, letters, press releases, or correspondence not listed on this website should not be considered as an official viewpoint of the commission. please contact publicaffairs@usccr.gov for questions or inquiries regarding the official nature of documents located on external websites or sources.






commission news

u.s. commission on civil rights hosts public listening session on teacher shortagesdecember 2, 2024

usccr chair urges accountability amid efforts to block doj election monitorsnovember 5, 2024

view more




advisory committees news

wyoming advisory committee announces report on housing discrimination: fair housing practices in wyomingjanuary 10, 2025

arizona advisory committee releases report examining disparities in access to and quality of pediatric healthcare for racial and ethnic minority familiesdecember 23, 2024

view more






meetings





                              mar
                              14
                             
puerto rico advisory committee virtual panel on access to federal programs and the role of race in relationship with u.s. government - panel iii 



                              mar
                              13
                             
puerto rico advisory committee virtual panel on access to federal programs and the role of race in relationship with u.s. government - panel ii 



                              mar
                              6
                             
puerto rico advisory committee virtual panel on access to federal programs and the role of race in relationship with u.s. government - panel i 



view more








featured report

 

the civil rights implications of the federal use of facial recognition technology






reports

2024 foia annual reportfoia reports  |  february 4, 2025

housing discrimination: fair housing practices in wyomingadvisory committees reports  |  january 10, 2025

civil rights and disparities in pediatric healthcare access for racial and ethnic minority families in arizona advisory committees reports  |  december 19, 2024

accessing services for students with disabilities in dc public schoolsadvisory committees reports  |  december 18, 2024

the rising use of artificial intelligence in k-12 educationadvisory committees reports  |  december 6, 2024

the insular cases and the doctrine of unincorporated territory and their effects on the civil rights of puerto rico residents - part ii advisory committees reports  |  november 22, 2024

view more














return to top






privacy policy


accessibility


foia


no fear act


eeo


disclaimer


site map


office of special counsel













u.s. commission on civil rights




























(202) 376-7700


publicaffairs@usccr.gov















