






97.9 the bruce




















































 





















skip to content







menu



 


listen live




more 
					▼
▲




sign in







▼▲sub menu toggleinfoweatherroad conditions and closuresschool and bus report>> local news (external site)▼▲sub menu toggleon-airon-air schedulerecently playedlongy and brufferschool of rocksaturday night bush partyradioplayer canadabruce county rock▼▲sub menu togglewin!school of rock▼▲sub menu toggleeventsevents calendarsubmit your event▼▲sub menu toggleadvertisingself-serve ad platform▼▲sub menu togglecontactcontact usaccessibility 




home▼▲sub menu toggleinfoweatherroad conditions and closuresschool and bus report>> local news (external site)▼▲sub menu toggleon-airon-air schedulerecently playedlongy and brufferschool of rocksaturday night bush partyradioplayer canadabruce county rock▼▲sub menu togglewin!school of rock▼▲sub menu toggleeventsevents calendarsubmit your event▼▲sub menu toggleadvertisingself-serve ad platform▼▲sub menu togglecontactcontact usaccessibilitysign insearch






 


scroll down
















we are the bruce
cancellations:
cancellations - tuesday, february 18



we are bruce county’s radio station. playing the best classic and new rock, along with local news, sports, and weather, for all the people of bruce – from saugeen shores, to kincardine, to wiarton, to sauble beach, and everywhere in between at 97.9 fm.
plus, listen to us on the northern bruce peninsula at our all new repeater frequency, 91.9 fm from tobermory! let us know how you’re receiving the signal. turn us on, and turn it up!

































































































see feature 0see feature 1see feature 2see feature 3see feature 4see feature 5see feature 6see feature 7see feature 8see feature 9











local news





sports highlights













bruce's to-do list

upcoming past





 submit an event to the calendar...the socials
no feed items available at this time.

more



x













pause auto-update | back to top





















on air now
robin woods
1:00 pm - 2:00 pm














local weather















 full forecast...









recently played


more
 see more





 
musicshowscontestseventscontactaccessibilityadvertising>> local news (external site)privacy policyterms of service 


copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.

this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.




 


 























visit one of our other radio stations:
