





managingmymoney














































skip to content







 





main menu



 


manage money
make money
lifestyle
blogging




search for:


search








search


 



 

 
 







 

 

as seen on

 
 
 
 
 
 





life is a challengeas the saying goes…

just when you’re about to make ends meet, someone moves the ends. while it can be a struggle to pay bills, make the rent payment and provide food and clothes for the family, we keep on doing our best.
ultimately, the life we want, a better place to live, enough money to pay our bills and fewer concerns about finances, is possible if we keep focused on our goals.that’s where this site can help. by providing personal financial planning tips and information, it provides concrete advice on how to manage money so money doesn’t manage you.



manage moneychanging your life through better money management


 
  


3 important facts about teaching your kids money management



					1 comment				


when i was growing up, my mother taught me some very important lessons about money,…				

read more


 
  


how to tell wants vs needs demystified



					no comments				


making the distinction between wants vs needs isn’t always easy, but it is necessary to…				

read more











get encouragement and support
join our facebook group




make moneydo you live to work, or do you work to live?


 
  


our favorite passive income blogs and how to get some of that



					1 comment				


our favorite passive income blogs and how to get some of that our favorite passive…				

read more














insanitydoing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results. it’s time to try something different.learn more





lifestylemaximizing life by enjoying what you have



						no post found!					










blogginghow to start blogging for the beginner


 
  


our favorite online marketing tools



					no comments				


					in the old days, which in internet terms means 5 years ago, you could blindly…				

read more













join ustake back your life and your freedom and learn step-by-step how to control your finances so you’re not a slave to the system.

[cp_popup display=”inline” style_id=”7815″ step_id = “1”][/cp_popup]







 








							copyright © 2025 cromoly labs  |   
  

home
about
privacy policy
disclaimer & terms of service
sitemap
 
 









