chemist+druggist | community pharmacy news, analysis and cpd | est. 1859

this site is intended for healthcare professionals onlynewsanalysispodcastslearningcommunityopens in new windowjobsopens in new windowc+d awardsopens in new windowdataopens in new windowsign inregistersign inregistersearchsearchnewsfundingregulationbusinessclinicalproduct newspoliticslocumsindependentsmultipleseducationcoronavirusanalysisexplainersopinionsalary surveyinvestigationscrimes in pharmaciescase studiespartnered contentpodcastslearningcommunityjobsfind a jobopens in new windowpost a jobopens in new windowawards newsc+d awardsopens in new windowdataloginopens in new windowdata servicesopens in new windowpharmacy subscriptions moreabout usadvertise with uscontact ushelptop stories public want more services offered at pharmacies, yougov reveals  18 feb 2025 • by molly bowcottthree quarters of the respondents to a yougov poll said they support pharmacies providing treatment for additional conditions, including chest infections and skin conditions.  salary survey: do you have faith in the government?18 feb 2025 • by james halliwell after 14 years of conservative rule, labour stormed to an election victory in july. does community pharmacy think the new regime understands pharmacy better than the last one? ‘tear down the regs and make prep readily available’, say mps  17 feb 2025 • by molly bowcottdescribing the situation as "ridiculous", mps have called for hiv drug pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep) to be made “more readily available” outside of sexual health clinics and to “tear down” the regulations stopping community pharmacies from prescribing the medicine.  cpe mulling over ‘initial’ funding offer - as it bumps up lpc levy 2%17 feb 2025 • by james halliwell the negotiator said it had spent a “significant amount of time analysing and discussing the initial offer put to us” during a meeting spread across two days in february.salary survey: do you get value from your trade associations?17 feb 2025 • by james halliwell community pharmacy has multiple trade associations representing differing priorities. does the industry believe they are offering value?‘overwhelming opposition’: 93% of pharmacists reject p-med self-selection 14 feb 2025 • by costanza pottera new survey has revealed that the vast majority of pda members are opposed to making pharmacy medicines (p-meds) available for self-selection.
kinnock: employers must make pharmacy jobs ‘attractive’ 14 feb 2025 • by molly bowcottthe pharmacy minister has told mps that the responsibility “clearly” falls on employers to keep community pharmacists in work by making their jobs “attractive”.  latest news & analysispublic want more services offered at pharmacies, yougov reveals  18 feb 2025 • by molly bowcottthree quarters of the respondents to a yougov poll said they support pharmacies providing treatment for additional conditions, including chest infections and skin conditions.  visit the c+d evana room for bespoke content tailored to pharmacistssponsored by maxwellialearn more about heavy menstrual bleeding (hmb) and how you can help those who suffer
exclusivebig interview: ‘the cuts have gone too deep’18 feb 2025 • by molly bowcottthe cca’s ceo malcom harrison sat down with c+d and shared his thoughts on everything from funding to weight loss drugs. here’s what he had to say... analysissalary survey: do you have faith in the government?18 feb 2025 • by james halliwell after 14 years of conservative rule, labour stormed to an election victory in july. does community pharmacy think the new regime understands pharmacy better than the last one? hope for 2025/26 funding deal by april, says cps17 feb 2025 • by ben leethe scottish pharmacy negotiator would be “delighted” for funding deal to be reached by april but admit it is “out of our control”.‘tear down the regs and make prep readily available’, say mps  17 feb 2025 • by molly bowcottdescribing the situation as "ridiculous", mps have called for hiv drug pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep) to be made “more readily available” outside of sexual health clinics and to “tear down” the regulations stopping community pharmacies from prescribing the medicine.  government needs a ‘reality check’ on services and pharmacy funding, warns minister17 feb 2025 • by ben leenorthern ireland’s mike nesbitt said the demand for more services will “require investment” and budgets need to reflect this.opinionbig interview: ‘the cuts have gone too deep’18 feb 2025 • by molly bowcottthe cca’s ceo malcom harrison sat down with c+d and shared his thoughts on everything from funding to weight loss drugs. here’s what he had to say... exclusiveto regulate or not to regulate? you already know the answer...11 feb 2025 • by james halliwell new regulations governing the online sale of high risk drugs are stirring debate among stakeholders. is the market for weight-loss jabs as safe as it should be? opinionfrom a lawyer: online regulations - exactly what has changed?10 feb 2025the publication of revised “guidance for registered pharmacies providing pharmacy services at a distance, including on the internet” was not a surprise...analysiscommunity pharmacy is challenging - especially when the community is in the himalayas03 feb 2025 • by suzanne aitkentreacherous terrains, monsoons, weak infrastructure – how does a corporate with a conscience balance profitability with dispensing medicine up in the mountains of bhutan?opinionsee morepodcastscontractor special podcast: training, time, and pharmacy technicians22 aug 2024 • by james halliwell "i'm really, really, scared. i don't want to give the wrong information and i don't want to give the wrong product. and i don't know if i'm ever going to know enough to do it."exclusivepodcast: the c+d awards for 2024 are fast approaching. enter now!01 may 2024 • by james halliwell the c+d awards are coming soon, so this bank holiday weekend is the perfect time to get your entries in. it’s quick and easy, and it’s free. you have nothing to lose, everything to gain, and if you don’t believe me, listen to this podcast. eventpodcast: my life as a serial entrepreneur pharmacy owner28 mar 2024 • by jo shorthousein the latest episode of the a coffee with... podcast series, co-owner of four independent pharmacies sobha sharma kandel tells c+d about her path to entrepreneurship and the importance of community pharmacy for people facing barriers to healthcarepodcast: how to have a portfolio career in pharmacy22 mar 2024 • by jo shorthousefrom paediatric specialist hospital pharmacist to lecturer to podcaster - with a spell at pharmacy services for the abu dhabi grand prix thrown in - multihyphenate pharmacy professional anisha patel discusses her unconventional path through pharmacy in this week’s ‘a coffee with…’ podcastsee moremost read‘almost impossible to earn a living’: locums take second jobs  10 feb 2025 • by kate bowiegphc: photo verification for weight loss drugs ‘not appropriate’10 feb 2025 • by kate bowiemultiple meltdown: how many branches of each chain survived 2024?10 feb 2025 • by kate bowiepharmacist suspended for claiming mmr jab causes autism  13 feb 2025 • by molly bowcotticbs to commission ‘all vaccination services’ from april 2026 12 feb 2025 • by kate bowiein full: cpe sets out april to july ‘timeframe’ to deliver new contract11 feb 2025 • by ben leesee more


pharmacist
sa2 0uy, swansea
up to £30.00 per hour depending on experienceapply nowc+d community
facebook pagetwitter feedrss feedrss feeddiscover morec+d dataopens in new windowc+d communityopens in new windowc+d jobsopens in new windowc+d has been informing, supporting and championing community pharmacy since 1859 and is proud to be at the forefront of providing the latest news to everyone working in the sector.terms and conditionsopens in new windowprivacy policyopens in new windowcommunity principlescopyright © 2025 citeline, a norstella company. chemist+druggist is a trading division of citeline, a norstella company and operates as part of c&d intelligence u.k. limited. c&d intelligence u.k. limited is a company registered in england and wales (registration number 13793264) with its registered office at 3 more london riverside, london se1 2aq.