















gilroy, ca - official website | official website









 















skip to main content





















    living & visiting      business & development services      city hall  


 

 

 







 












search







 
 
 





 














city council meetingswatch live and view agendas/minutes








report a concernuse online requesttracker










 
 













employment centerview current job listings








public safetysubmit a tip or file a police report










 
 
 














gilroy water servicesview your bill and pay online








gilroy recreationfind classes, programs, and more!










 
 
 














open gilroyview public records and information








building safetybuilding permits and inspections










 
 
 

























 














stay connected
 






  
 
 















 
 



  
 














 








 








 








 








 








 










 
 














email the city








email express newsletter










 
 
 












 















update: silva's crossing is open 


update 2/14 at 9:00 am: silva's crossing located at uvas park drive and miller avenue is now open to pedestrian and vehicular traffic. thank you for your patience.						read on...







help shape the future of gilroy’s civic center 


the city of gilroy is developing a new civic center master plan to better serve the growing community, address increasing demands, improve underutilized spaces, and update aging facilities. community members are invited to participate.						read on...







coffee with a cop 


join the gilroy police department for the first coffee with a cop of 2025!						read on...







gilroy police chief pedro espinoza announces retirement after 22 years of service 


after 22 years of dedicated service to the city of gilroy and 30 years in law enforcement, gilroy police chief pedro espinoza has announced his retirement, effective may 23, 2025.						read on...







faq: clarifying the role of law enforcement as it relates to federal immigration law 


this faq was developed in response to several questions we received regarding the statement to the gilroy community from the city of gilroy that was released on january 22, 2025.						read on...







county votes to change fire services to unincorporated county areas 


on tuesday, january 14, 2025, the county board of supervisors voted to dissolve the south santa clara county fire district (unincorporated county areas), which currently receives its services via a contract with calfire.						read on...







statement to the gilroy community from the city of gilroy 


in light of recent conversations throughout the country regarding immigration, we wanted to take a moment to reaffirm our commitment to all members of our community, regardless of your immigration status.						read on...







gilroy’s commitment to readiness: a plan for safety and resilience 


as california grapples with increasingly frequent and intense wildfire events, the city of gilroy recognizes the critical importance of proactive planning and preparedness.						read on...







translation services available for all city council meetings 


the city of gilroy is proud to offer wordly, a real-time translation service for city council meetings.						read on...







who to call: city of gilroy important phone numbers 


whether you’re looking for help with permits or inspections, to report graffiti or a broken street light, or information about recreation programs or activities, we’re here to help.						read on...







are you signed up for emergency alerts? 


in the event of an emergency situation, emergency responders may utilize emergency alerts to notify residents of hazards, resources, or other important information.						read on...







reserve a park online 


the city of gilroy has a new online system for booking reservations at city-owned parks. the new reservation system utilizes the online recreation activity guide.						read on...







discover downtown! 


we hope you and your loved ones are well. at this time, all non-essential city services are suspended until further notice in accordance with the county…						read more







stay connected! 


notify me allows you to subscribe to an unlimited number of email lists. receive email or text message updates regarding the information you have requested…						read more











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














	stay up to date
upcoming events
 






  
 
 














tue, feb. 18  

parks and recreation commission meeting

parks and recreation commission meetingview event






thu, feb. 20  

planning commission special meeting

planning commission special meetingview event






mon, feb. 24  

personnel commission meeting

personnel commission meetingview event






mon, feb. 24  

city council and gusd joint meeting 

city council and gusd joint meeting view event






mon, feb. 24  

city council meeting 

city council meeting view event





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







	gilroy city hall


7351 rosanna street


gilroy, ca 95020


get directions


email the city
 






  
 














quick links
 






  
 




 staff directory
 public records
 permits
 construction & development




 staff directory














city of gilroy staff directory



administration



community development



finance



human resources



public works









/quicklinks.aspx





 public records














public records portal



public records request center



pd application for release of information









/quicklinks.aspx





 permits














encroachment & transportation permits



fire prevention permits



hazardous waste inspection & permit services



building permits



re-roof permits



adu permits









/quicklinks.aspx





 construction & development














better roads ahead: gilroy's pavement improvement program



city infrastructure projects



outside agency construction projects



development activity projects









/quicklinks.aspx







 
 



  
 
 



 














contact us







site map







accessibility







copyright notices







privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






















  








arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









