


guitar solos, riffs, leads, licks | slow down guitar audio | tabs  | guitar leads
















home
 
order
 
testimonials
 
support
 
faq's
 
privacy


_
_
_









try our free guitarrx riff practice
                app

please choose from the two links below to download the app.
















 







grab volume 1free


order now












a
s a kid, i was always looking for shortcuts so i could avoid work. work to me was taking guitar
    lessons. why would anyone want to do that! i didn't want to take lessons and have to practice. i just want to
    play my guitar and have fun. i avoided lessons like the plague.
for a while the joke was on me, because my refusal to take lessons meant that i had to teach myself... and
    since i didn't have a clue as to what i was doing, i was spending more time and effort teaching myself, than i would
    have had i just taken lessons. looking back, i must admit, my adolescent obstinacy was pretty stupid.

_
    tony (middle) with beach boys' legends, bruce johnston and mike love in 2005. tony has been on stage and performed
    with the beach boys four times

but there was a silver lining. if i was going to learn anything, and fulfill my dream of being an accomplished
    guitar player, i had to find a way to teach myself that worked! after years of stumbling around, using a trial and
    error, do-it-yourself, approach i finally stumbled upon something that worked. not only did it work well...
    it was fun... and as you know from what i have said earlier fun for me is an important part of learning to play
    guitar.
this guitar learning approach that i found is not rocket science. in fact it is quite simple and straight-forward and
    is based upon common sense. aren't most really good ideas?
what i did was to go to people that already knew how to play guitar: jeff beck, carlos santana, jimi hendrix,
    eric clapton, stevie ray vaughn... well you get the picture. of course, i couldn't go to them directly or
    personally.. but i bought their albums and listened to them. and then, i would find a song i wanted to learn and
    begin to break it apart. i would listen to it over and over and over again until i practically wore out the
        needle on my turntable. why? because before i could even attempt to play the song i needed to hear what
    notes were being played and how they were being played. as i figured this out, i wrote a rough form of tablature for
    myself. finally after hours and hours on a single song just to get the correct notes, i would begin to practice...
    oops there's that dirty word again. but to me it wasn't practice because i wanted to learn this song because
    i liked it ... and i wanted to be able to play it like the record. today, some 30 plus years later this is still
        the basic way that i learn new music.
my simple, common sense lessonsare so much fun that you will actuallylook forward to practicing

my guitar leads learning approach is based upon this same simple, common sense, tried-and-true approach. moreover, it
    has been coupled with and enhanced by modern technology to make it even easier and better than what it was when i
    first stumbled upon it.
the guitar leads master volume contains over 425 practice segments from more than 80 classic rock (and a few
    other genres) songs. i have done all of the work — and have put all of that effort into these lessons.

i have recorded all of the practice segments using my vintage fender and givson guitars. the real
            guitar audio is really crank-up-the-volume quality.

        all of the pactice segment audio has also been provided at half speed and full speed. this is a crucial
        learning element that i didn't have when i was learning. by slowing the audio down, you are able to hear
        what individual note is being played, as well as how it is played... hammer on, pull off,
        bend, slide, etc.

the audio component is interactive so you can play either the full speed or half speed audio continuously
        without it ever pausing, giving you the advantage of this constant repetition to enhance your learning.
    
i have transcribed each and every practice segment. i did not resort to the junk tablature found
        all over the internet. i painstakingly listen to and transcribed spot-on-dead-accurate tablature for each of
            the 425 plus practice segments.



winning concept

 
            the little flash executables are ingenious and work great. the sound is loud, clean, and right on the money
            for tone. the transcriptions are as good as they get, for as far as they go; therein lies one of my few
            criticisms. the excerpts provided are variable, from the comprehensive (black magic woman) to the
            abbreviated -- for example, the solo for purple haze is only about half of that most famous of introductory
            riffs, and that's one song that's littered with repeated phrases that, for a hendrix composition, are
            unusually accessible to the average guitarist. overall i'd say you have a winning concept with a useful riff
            learning tool that is educational, attractive, and entertaining.
        
james m. harrison
            

columbus, oh


moving at the speed of light
your leads course is incredible, i've been playing almost four years and been looking for something just
            like this. i am self taught and coming along well, but this course has me moving at a speed of learning that
            i never thought was possible, i am deeply in your debt.
        
jim lyons
            

brimley, mi

click here to see more comments...

practicing the guitar or playing a song? with my approach you do both because...lessons are based
    on classic rock songs
the older i get the more interesting life becomes. in some ways this learning approach that i stumbled upon decades
    ago - and all of the extra effort (both time and money) i expended in pursuit of it is paying off. not only have i
    achieved my dreams of being a accomplished guitar player - (more on that in a minute) - but this system, this
    approach i use is what most people are interested in today. indeed, life has come full circle.
i would dare to hazard a guess that most of you are not terribly interested in practicing for the sake of practicing.
    less face it , although we know that learning theory and practicing scales, and doing fingering exercises is all
    time well spent - most of you really aren't into that.
most of you have a full time job, lots of responsibilities and not a lot of free time. when you are fortunate to have
    some time to pick the guitar up - i'm guessing that your interest is the same one that i had almost forty years
    ago.... you just want to play the guitar and have fun. you are not terribly interested in well - practicing.
truth be told, using the guitar leads master volume lessons is a form of practicing, but because of the use of real
    guitar audio and the use of classic guitar songs as the basis of the lessons, i don't think of it as practice... and
    i don't think you will either.
one other very important point... i mention in the headline, at the very top of the page "667% faster". let me
    explain this stat. in a survey we did of our customers we asked them how important they viewed the ½ speed audio
    feature found in the guitar leads lessons. we were blown away. on average they told us that this feature increased
    their ability to learn by 667%. the moral of the story... although my approach is fun... it is also an extremely
    potent approach to learning guitar songs and guitar leads.
try a mini version of the course anddecide for yourself
click the "audio on/off" text in the below







now this may sound like a nice story, even a compelling one to you, but - why should you believe me? and why should
    you accept the fact that it will work for you?
i am about to give you some evidence as to why you should in a minute - and i think that it is compelling evidence...
    but the bottom line is: you should not take my word - or anyone else's word for it. in fact there is only one
    person i would trust if i were you - and that is you.
it shouldn't matter if jimi hendrix, carlos santana or your favorite guitar player in the whole world were to tell
    you this is a great course. the bottom line is - that's a decision for you to make and no one else.  

that is why i am offering you with no strings attached, volume 1 of guitar leads, absolutely free. you need to
    try it, kick the tires, take it for a test drive. if you don't like it, fine. it's no big deal to me. we have
    more than 13,000 customers in 65 plus countries around the world as a testament to its value in helping them learn
    guitar and guitar soloing. if you don't like it you aren't going to hurt my feelings. but i am betting that
    not only are you going to like it, but you are going to want to have it for yourself. that's why it's a no-risk
        trial for you and a no-loss proposition for us, regardless of your decision.
volume 1 currently is sold on our site for $29 and contains 47 practice segments from 14 classic rock songs.
    it's yours free for the asking! just complete the above form and we'll send you instantaneously and email that
    contains a link to volume 1 for you to download and try.
the a list...
below is a table of contents for the guitar leads master volume. only a portion is shown in the present view but you
    can scroll down thru this list and you can click any song name if you'd like to hear small snippet of guitar audio
    from that song.





you get more than 425 lead and practice segments from more than 80 classic rock
                        songs
                    






each lessons include full and ½ speed audio,accurate tabs, and
                        crank-up-the-volume audio
                    



(click the song name to listen)





a few words about me...


april 6, 2002
dear tony,what a pleasure meeting you- i wish i could sing and play like you my friend- i wish nothing
            but the best for you"... - 
billy
billy swanrecording artist#1 hit song, i can help 
_


you may want to skip this next section because it is about me—and you might find it boring. however, in many ways, i
    am the luckiest guy in the world. when i was young i dreamed a dream – and now i have lived my dream.
you may have noted my picture at the top of the page with the beach boys. i have had the great fortune of being
    invited on stage to play with them on four occasions when my regular band has opened for them at concerts. likewise
    i have but on stage with jan & dean, billy swan, jj jackson, the temptations, danny and the juniors, and chuck
    berry.
i currently play with the nations premiere nostalgic rock band, phil dirt and the dozers where i a lead singer and
    lead guitarist. in this capacity with the dozers, i have been part of the opening act for dozens of well known
    groups including: faith hill, tim mcgraw, mary wilson (of the supremes), little anthony and the imperials, louis
    mandrel, the everly brothers, gary puckett, grand funk, the dooby brothers, little richard, the pointer sisters, the
    coasters, and many, many more.
guitar leads quality



here’s what you get whenyou order





what started out as 4 volumes, grew to five and then six and now it is 8. in the past we have sold these individual
    volumes for $29.95 each. however, we recently decided to combine all of these volumes into one large volume... we
    call it the guitar leads master volume.

_
425 leads from 80+ classic rock guitar songs
each riff contains full and half speed audio
audio loops continuously and can be stopped and stared on demand
each riff contains accurate tabs so you can play along with it.
runs on mac or windows
installs like software, no internet connection necessary
90 day, 100% money back guarantee

_

how to read guitar tabs
tony’s fundamental guitar course
how to start a band
5 part blues backing track lesson
18 part guitar fundamentals lesson




plusyour order is backed by my ...
            _
            andour full service support desk
        

            originally $249.00but now
            only $49.95
_
_

_


if i haven't convinced you of the quality and value of this course, then please don't order; go take a spin around
    the web and try to find another like it. when you've come up empty handed and come back.. i'll be waiting.
keep on playin,

_

mr. tony aja

    guitar leads master volume developer
    learn2jam guitar soloing system professional musician & lead guitarist










                    the guitar leads master volume
                    is no longer being sold
                

                    however
                

                    free copies are available
                

                    register below for the monthly drawing to win a free copy
                






















site map
|
about us
|
royalties
|
free volume
|
newsletters
|
testimonials
|
resources
|
affiliates
|
blog



guitar-leads.com is a division of todd, michael and james, inc.4620 derby lane, doylestown, pa 18902
tel: 215-766-2887, 215-766-2889 (f)
email: info2{at}@guitar-leads{dot}com



