







military spouse jobs – 106,000+ verified placements with vetjobs and military spouse jobs since 2010!




























































 

 















106,000+ verified placements with vetjobs and military spouse jobs since 2010!









menu





homedonateabout us
leadershipcorporate information
corporate governance
partnersmedia
job seekers
program initiatives
trainingemployerscontact us






 




















20 years of unmatched impact for military spouse job placement, retention and career progression


registerdonatehot jobs








career readiness &
job placement




military spouse jobs is here to help you overcome hiring obstacles and secure employment. through military spouse jobs, military spouses and dependents, connect with specialized job placement, retention, and career progression support services based on individual career readiness needs.


learn more








career training &
credentialing opportunities




we offer comprehensive career education and train-to-hire programs designed to help our candidates hone new work-skills, amplify their resumes to attract hiring managers, and advance their current careers. our self-paced training services are industry specific and geared for direct job placement.


learn more








employer-connect &
recruiter-connect




our recruiterconnect program connects directly to our employer partners and their recruiters, who hire globally, and across all industries and experience levels. our recruiterconnect specialists provide high-touch services to employers and candidates alike, to make job placement success a reality.


learn more


numbers don’t lie


0


thousand




hires since 2010


0


thousand




training courses completed


0


thousand




candidates served


0


billion




annual economic impact











“military spouses come to us to learn how to maintain their
lifetime earning power, as we help them grow into their
professional life, while navigating their military life.”
-deb kloeppel, founder and president


a note from our founder








on july 13, 2023 vetjobs & military spouse jobs signed a significant mou with hiring our heroes, u.s. chamber of commerce, which aligns both organizations to provide wrap-around resume & job placement services of peer support and custom career assistance, at no-cost to all military-affiliated candidates, to last their career lifetime.
special thanks to eric eversole, president at hoh, and his staff, for helping make today a reality.





















 








contact us at:  877-696-7226 | askus@militaryspousejobs.org










































© copyright 2024.  all rights reserved.
our military spouse jobs safe place work-space policy:
we reserve the right not to serve candidates who become rude, aggressive, or threatening to our team members.
candidates who use profane language in any regard will not be served.
we strive to keep our work environment joyful, impactful, and transparent.
appropriate behavior by candidates ensures positive reactions and positive outcomes.
our military spouse jobs job board scraping policy:
we do not authorize any outside company or organization to post our jobs without our written request.
to request permission please email us at askus@militaryspousejobs.org.






 
 




























































