








american bald eagle foundation - american bald eagle foundation










































home
the birds
support

donations
memberships
sponsorships
internships


discover

the museum
programs


events
about
contact/locate us
























the americanbald eagle foundation
conserving bald eagles and their habitat through empowering education for all ages 
join us for a day of discovery in haines alaska!
 




 














meet the birds
get to know our resident birds and help us support them via personal sponsorships








visit our facility
visit our facility to tour the bird enclosures, view the exhibits in the natural history museum and to sample our gift shop








get involved
the american bald eagle foundation offers numerous opportunities to get involved from programs to donations to volunteer opportunities









our missionthe mission of the american bald eagle foundation is the conservation of the bald eagle and its habitat through education and stewardship
our visionbiodiversity keeps life on this planet beautiful and thriving. our vision is a human population dedicated to maintaining this vast diversity of species. we hope to foster appreciation and respect for the natural world in our guests by giving them the inspiration and tools they need to become effective stewards.
our historyfounded in 1982 by dave olerud, the american bald eagle foundation opened its doors to the public in 1984. in 1994 we began educating the public in the natural history museum, and in 2010, a live raptor center was added to the facility. the abef now houses a flock of live raptors and over 200 specimens in the museum.







visitor guidelines
all food and drink must be covered and put away.
please stay on the boardwalk when visiting the raptor center.
do not touch the taxidermy, cases, or enclosures.
follow the directions from american bald eagle foundation staff



all-day admisssion
adults- $25children 6-12- $15children 5 and under- freeactive military- $15
these prices include sales tax.
reservations are not required.
we recommend an hour and a half long visit, with a minimum of 45 minutes.



accessibility
service dogs are welcome in both the museum and raptor center, we appreciate advanced notice when possible!
multi-lingual museum guides are available upon request.
the entire facility is wheelchair accessible. a wheelchair is available for emergencies.
accessible parking is available.



 










american bald eagle foundation
113 haines hwy
haines, alaska 99827 
for our latest hours,please visit our facebook pageand google maps




followfollowfollowfollowfollow




donate








 














