




old mill stream campground | dutch wonderland



























































































presidents' week sale!








enjoy unlimited admission + over $400 of perks for free with a 2025 gold season pass! hurry — 5 pay payment plan prices end soon and prices will go up. shop passes





























thanks for the royal family memories in 2024! opening day is april 5, 2025











dutch wonderland


cartoon network hotel



employment
contact
search
order lookup
























what are you looking for?












you can also solve your question in our f.a.q's section































													tickets & passes





												
												discover the park



												
												promotions & discounts
											



												
												park hours
											




												
												plan your visit




												
												groups & birthdays




												
												stay with us






















tickets









season passes









passholder perks









extras & add-ons









group tickets









photo pass
















































discover dutch wonderland









attractions









shows & experiences









special events









more




































 dining


 stores


 gifts & souvenirs






 cabanas 


 at home fun 






 services 


 park map 
































discover dutch wonderland









faqs









directions & parking









accessibility









park rules & policies









more







































 news


 cashless


 locker and rentals






 first-aid center 


 nursing mother's center 






 social media 


 contact us 



























groups 









birthdays































cartoon network hotel









old mill stream campground




























































what are you looking for?














you can also solve your question in our f.a.q's section




















 
home




 
old mill stream campground











old mill stream campground










		
		stay with us at our very own old mill stream campground! 






dutch wonderland season passholders receive up to 20% off their stay. become a season passholder today!




set on 15 lush acres of land alongside dutch wonderland is our peaceful and private old mill stream campground, one of the top-rated campgrounds in lancaster pa! 
if you’re looking for campgrounds near dutch wonderland, look no further! we warmly welcome visitors to enjoy our modern camping amenities, just steps away from the castle door of dutch wonderland. 
our campground is regularly maintained and boasts stunning landscaping as well as immaculately clean grounds throughout. there are plenty of leafy trees throughout the grounds where you can choose to camp under the shade. best of all, dutch wonderland family amusement park is conveniently located just seconds away, where you can enjoy attractions, rides, outlet shopping, restaurants, live shows, and more!














  
















  






























   
















   














our campground features include everything you’ll need to feel comfortable and at home during your stay. you’ll have access to tent sites, partial hook-up and full hook-up sites, family cabins, clean restroom facilities, a laundromat, a playground area for children, a country store, and more!
better yet, we offer discounted offers on dutch wonderland tickets for all campground guests! to get the best deal on your park visit, purchase tickets at the campground office. tickets can be purchased and used by campground guests only. 
what are you waiting for? reconnect with nature while being close to family-friendly amusements and attractions. your best family adventure yet awaits you at old mill stream campground at dutch wonderland!



























		
		cabins














enjoy a stay in our family cabins and camp with comfort! each cabin sleeps 4 with a queen bed and a futon!


















view details























false


















		
		park model














park model sleeps 8 with a queen bed, twin bunks, a futon + sofa bed, and features a full bathroom with a separate shower and sunken tub.















view details






















false























		
		full hook-up rv














treat your family to a premium relaxing stay and bring with you all the comforts of home. our full hook-up sites offer electric, water, sewer, and cable tv. 
please check your spam/junk folder for your booking confirmation.















view details















book now

















false

















		
		partial hook-up rv














treat your family to a relaxing stay. our partial hook-up sites offer electric and water ensuring each member of your crew enjoys their stay.

please check your spam/junk folder for your booking confirmation.















view details















book now

















false

















		
		tent site














our tent sites offer a quiet getaway right by the lake for you and your crew to relax and enjoy scenic lancaster county.

please check your spam/junk folder for your booking confirmation.















view details















book now

















false


























amenities & features






campground amenities
free wi-fi campground widecable tv (for rv hookups)country store - stocked with a limited selection of groceries, sundries, and camping supplies including ice, wood, and lp gasclean & modern restroomslaundromatplaygroundgaga ball pithalf-court basketballgame roomdumping stationpaved roads
discount dutch wonderland tickets
campers can save on their trip through the castle gates! discounted dutch wonderland tickets are available for campground guests when they stay overnight at the old mill stream campground. discounted royalty one-day admission can be purchased at the rate of $39.99 each in the old mill stream campground country store april 30 - september 25, 2022. discount not valid in combination with any other discounts or on any other admission plans.
dutch wonderland amusement park, just steps away from old mill stream campground, hosts events throughout the summer that are fun for the whole family! for event details, please see dutch wonderland’s events listing.
visit lancaster, pa
during your stay at old mill stream campground at dutch wonderland, be sure to explore and experience what lancaster county has to offer, from the world of the amish to unique museums, historic sites and great shopping. take in a show, visit an historic pretzel bakery or cannery, find your way through a corn maze and enjoy a taste of lancaster at one of many area restaurants. there is so much to do and see in lancaster county! to learn more about these and other lancaster attractions, be sure to visit discover lancaster or call
1-800-723-8824.





guidelines






alcohol
alcoholic beverages are restricted to the campsite. illegal substances of any kind are not permitted.
cancellations/refund policy
to cancel a reservation for the park model, campsites, or family cabins, we require a 7 day notice. a full refund will be given on cancelled site and rental unit reservations providing appropriate notice has been received. a one night’s deposit will be charged for any cancellation with less than the required notice. sorry, no refunds will be granted for no-shows. please note that old mill stream campground is cashless.
check-in and check-out times
check-in for all sites and lodging options is between 3:00pm and 9:00pm. arrivals outside of this time frame must be made with approval from the campground office. cabins and park model guests must arrive before 9pm. check-out for all sites and lodgings options is 11 am.
guests can make arrangements ahead of time for an early arrival. please contact the campground 24 hours in advance. please note that there may be a fee associated. sites may not be available for early arrival due to previous reservations. please do not change sites without confirming with the office. please respect other campers by cleaning up your campsite prior to departure.

firearms
firearms or fireworks of any kind are not permitted.
pets
pets are permitted with the following restrictions: all pets must be kept quiet and on a leash at all times. pets must not disturb or pose a danger to other campers. your pet must be supervised at all times. you must clean up after your pet. no more than three dogs are permitted per site.
quiet hours
please observe quiet hours from 11 pm to 8 am.
rates
rates for camp sites are based on four people occupying a site. there is a charge of $5.00 per night for each extra person. an additional tent may be used only with prior approval from the registration office. there is a charge of $5.00 per night for each additional tent. due to fire code regulations, family cabins and the park model cannot exceed their maximum sleeping capacity.
religious services
church services are held every sunday, easter through columbus day, at 9 am in the pavilion. all are welcome to attend!
telephones
a courtesy telephone is located at the office. for emergencies, dial 911.
vehicles
for the safety of children at play, the speed limit throughout the campground is 5 mph. we allow only one vehicle per unit. parking for additional vehicles is available upon request at the reservation office.





directions






located in the heart of pennsylvania dutch country, old mill stream campground is within driving distance from destinations like philadelphia, baltimore, washington d.c. and harrisburg.
our address:
old mill stream campground
2249 lincoln highway east
lancaster, pa 17602
pocono area:

2.5 hours – 130 miles
take i-476 south to exit 56. take 22 west. merge onto 100 south to 222 south to 30 east towards coatesville. 30 east freeway will end. proceed through 3 lights; dutch wonderland family amusement park will be on the left at the 4th light.
allentown/new jersey area:

1.5 hours – 70 miles
take i-78 west from new jersey to pennsylvania. take 222 south to 30 east towards coatesville. 30 east freeway will end. proceed through 3 lights; dutch wonderland family amusement park will be on the left at the 4th light.
new york, ny:

2.5 hours – 150 miles
take the new jersey turnpike south to pa turnpike (i-76) west to exit 286. take 222 south to 30 east towards coatesville. 30 east freeway will end. proceed through 3 lights; dutch wonderland family amusement park will be on the left at the 4th light.
baltimore, md

1.5 hours – 85 miles
take route 83 north to york, pa. take exit 21a to route 30 east. continue on 30 east (follow signs for 30 east towards philadelphia). 30 east freeway will end. proceed through 3 lights; dutch wonderland family amusement park will be on the left at the 4th light.
philadelphia, pa:

1.5 hours – 65 miles
follow pennsylvania turnpike west (i-76) to exit 286. take 222 south to 30 east towards coatesville. 30 east freeway will end. proceed through 3 lights; dutch wonderland family amusement park will be on the left at the fourth light.
pittsburg, pa:

4 hours – 230 miles
pennsylvania turnpike east (i-76) towards harrisburg. take exit 247 to 283 east towards lancaster. follow 30 east (towards philadelphia). 30 east freeway will end. proceed through 3 lights; dutch wonderland family amusement park will be on the left at the 4th light.
washington, dc:

2.5 hours – 130 miles
i-95 north to i-695 north to i-83 north towards york. take exit 21a to route 30 east. continue on 30 east (follow signs for 30 east towards philadelphia). 30 east freeway will end. proceed through 3 lights; dutch wonderland family amusement park will be on the left at the 4th light.
wilmington, de:

1.5 hours - 45 miles
route 41 north to route 30 west. continue on route 30 west, approximately 11 miles. dutch wonderland family amusement park will be on the right.





faqs






q: is old mill stream open all year round?
a: yes, our campground operates throughout the entire calendar year.
q: does the campground have seasonal sites?
a: old mill stream campground does not offer seasonal sites.
q: what time is check-in and check-out?
a: check-in for all sites and lodging options is between 3:00pm and 9:00pm memorial day – labor day. arrivals outside of this time frame must be made with approval from the campground office. please contact the campground office to confirm office hours. there may be a fee associated with early check-ins and late check-outs. check-out for all sites and lodgings options is 11 am.
q: does the campground have early check-in times?
a: guests can make arrangements ahead of time for an early arrival. there may be a fee associated with early check-in.
q: what is the cancellation policy?
a: to cancel a reservation for the park model, campsites, or family cabins, we require a 7 day notice. a full refund will be given on cancelled site and rental unit reservations providing appropriate notice has been received. a one night’s deposit will be charged for any cancellation with less than the required notice.
sorry, no refunds will be granted for no-shows. campers have until 10 am the following day of your initial arrival date to check-in. after that time the reservation will be considered a no-show and a refund will not be issued. (refunds can take up to 4-6 weeks to process.)
q: do you allow pets?
a: pets are allowed and must be on a leash at all times. pet owners are required to pick up after pets.
there is a limit of three dogs per site.
q: what is there to do around the area?
a: there are plenty of activities! or if you enjoy shopping, lancaster county is home to several outlet shopping centers, just minutes away! lancasterpa.com provides information on many events, locations, and activities in the area. visit discover lancaster or call 1-800-723-8824 to learn more about the many other attractions in lancaster, pa.
q: where is a nice place to eat?
a: lancaster offers a variety of restaurants, from international cuisine to casual family fare. a list of area restaurants is available at the registration office or visit discover lancaster.
q: what time does the laundry room open?
a: the laundry room is open from 9 am to 9 pm daily.
q: what time does the game room open?
a: the game room is open from 9 am to 9pm daily, except for sundays. the game room opens after church services on sundays (around 10:00am).
q: do you have a pool?
a: no, but duke's lagoon waterplay area at dutch wonderland family amusement park is right next-door! duke's lagoon is a tropical paradise of safe, interactive water-play, complete with spurting geysers, spilling buckets, plenty of hands-on gadgets for kids to touch, big and little kid slides, and a multi-level play platform! visit dutchwonderland.com for more details!
q: do campers get discounts on dutch wonderland tickets?
a: yes! campers enjoy savings on admission to dutch wonderland when they stay overnight at the old mill stream campground! discounted royalty two-day admission can be purchased in the old mill stream campground country store. discount not valid in combination with any other discounts or on any other admission plans.
q: does the campground apply any discounts, such as aaa or good sam’s?
a: old mill stream campground does not apply additional discounts.
q: what payment forms are accepted? 
a: old mill stream campground and dutch wonderland are cashless properties, but accept all major credit and debit cards.





contact us






additional questions?
feel free to reach out to us by any means below. our team would love to connect with you!
address:
old mill stream campground
2249 lincoln highway east
lancaster, pa 17602
phone:
717-299-2314
email:
info@oldmillstreamcampground.com






cc30 - accordion
false





		
		campground map









































		
		company





 discover the park


 work with us


 site map


 charitable donations


 blog


 contact


 ada accessibility


 cartoon network hotel


 hotel packages


 media center















































		
		other palace entertainment parks












































 privacy policy


 terms of use


 dutch wonderland rules


 ada accessibility












cookies setup







©2025 all rights reserved



































