


free shipping epicuren discovery chantal ethocyn guinot karin herzog   brazilian blowout kerastase   paul scerri biodroga ayur medics    barex rene furterer  guinot yonka hair care skin care
















 
free shipping 

with $100 purchase on

domestic (48 us states)  ups orders only. 

 




home
your account
skin care
hair care
bath & body
makeup
tools & accessories



brands
categories
return policy
contact us


 

 


310-422-2045
search






quick reorder



  
b     bain-de-terreprices
g     guinotprices
p     philip bprices
y     yonkaprices













 

at joy beauty we offer the finest hair and skin products in the world such as biodroga,epicuren discovery, kerastase,bumble and bumble,ayur medics,mario badescu,paul scerri,rene furterer,enjoy, alfaparf,barex,yonka,guinot,dermalogica, emergin-c,anasazi,moroccanoil,kinerase,phytologie.the brazilian blowout is the most innovative and effective professional smoothing treatment in the world! through the use of a proprietary based keratin formulation, the brazilian blowout actually improves the condition of the hair by creating a protective protein layer around the hair shaft to eliminate frizz and smooth the cuticle. the end result is smooth, healthy, frizz-free hair with radiant shine! call us today!!! the only professional smoothing treatment that improves the health of the hair. no damage! entire treatment completed in just 90 minutes. no down time! results last up to 12 weeks. leaves hair smooth and frizz-free without harsh chemicals. acai aftercare products ensure longest lasting results.biodroga is a globally successful brand for the professional esthetician.ayur medics is truly a revolutionary new line of skin care products that strikes the perfect balance between natural holistic principles. epicuren skin care products a system of enzyme skin care made up of water-based fresh enzymatic-infused gels and lotions that go far beyond the spectrum of normal skin care.rene furterer was the first to understand that scalp is as important as hair, and that both need to be treated at the same time for maximum efficiency. kerastase has a complete range of products to cleanse, care and perfect the natural beauty of the hair. the nutritive range of kerastase offers both salon exclusive treatments and home care products, to keep your hair in perfect shape.guinot products has developed products recommended exclusively by professionals, who create customized beauty treatments for you.every skin is different and is exposed to different conditions, such as the environment and climate.yon-ka products was created in 1957 by two brothers, both botanists, who rejected the move to pharmaceuticals for skin care and who eventually perfected the stabilization of essential oils in a water-based emulsion. yon-ka products are by definition strongly aromatic and easily win client loyalty, which is greatly enhanced when the efficacy of the products becomes evident.for over 40 years mario badescu has been known for personalized skin care treatments and products. those suffering from acne, teen acne, rosacea, aging and other skin problems have come to rely on mario badescu to keep their skin looking its best.dermalogica products is a simple, serious and unique skin care system that delivers effective results in the minimum amount of time.terax products is known the world over for quality professional hair care products.terax shampoos are formulated with specific hair types in mind.barex hair treatment products are naturally blended to improve the condition, strength and the appearance of your hair.founded in 1977, bumble and bumble has become the institution for hair fashion and hair care worldwide.bonacure is the special treat that guarantees instant, brilliant, silky softness together with great shine and feel.a superb line-up of professional products has made schwarzkopf the first choice supplier for thousands of hairdressers.perle de caviar products was launched in 1964 and is still recognized as one of the most luxurious and effective skincare ranges in france today.elancyl toni compact body massager consists of a uniquely designed massage with a body liquid soap. when used in the shower on a daily basis, this offers the combination of an effective, relaxing massage with an invigorating toning action.manufactured in-house by dr. grandel under strict pharmaceutical standards (gpm). research & development done by dr. grandel and a team of worldwide chemists and dermatologists.the cornerstone of all karin herzog products is the patented vita-a-kombi emulsion with stabilized oxygen, distilled water, and vitamins a and e. karin herzog was the first chemist to stabilize hydrogen peroxide.cellex-c products may be the first cosmaceutical to have a profound effect on the way the skin visibly ages. the purpose of cellex-c products is to help produce optimal conditions to assist the skin in appearing smoother, and much less lined. cellex-c contains l- ascorbic acid as its primary ingredient.


   
   



we accept all major credit cards on our secure online store

 



joy beauty

248 south rexford drive unit 2 beverly hills ca 90212
questions/comments e-mail us


copyright 2001,2008 all rights reserved

site map
2/18/2025 7:21:42 am

 specail

  


  welcome
  new customer
 
 wherefrom


 
free shipping


with $100 purchase
domestic (48 states)  orders only.
    credit card processing 

 



new brands



hot products

..deleted-items24 hour intensive moisture formula day careprice: $52.00..deleted-itemsgentle shampooprice: $26.00..deleted-itemsdiscipline oleo-relax advanced oilprice: $39.00..deleted-itemsilluminating shine serum critalli liquidprice: $39.00..deleted-itemseye and lip creamprice: $39.00..deleted-itemsenrichment creamprice: $69.00..deleted-itemsage logic cellulaire - intelligent cell renewalprice: $139.00..deleted-itemslait vital proteinprice: $38.00..deleted-itemsacai anti-frizz shampooprice: $33.00

e-mail signup





godaddy/joybeauty
 
