












delta data – solutions for fund distributors and asset managers





























































skip to content









home
who we serve

distributors
asset managers & transfer agents


capabilities

for distributors
the hub powered by delta data
trading and reconciliation
fund sub-accounting and trading
counterparty management
revenue management
for asset managers & transfer agents
fee management
22c-2 compliance monitoring and reporting
counterparty management
intermediary insight
transfer agent insight
service provider insight
multi-platform fund trading
fund transfer agent and recordkeeping


about

about delta data
meet the team


resources

blog
press and news
videos
library


contact
request demo
portal




 



search for:





































your trusted partner in global investment fund solutions 



delivering streamlined solutions for fund distributors, asset managers and transfer agents designed to drive efficiency and mitigate risk. 






connect with us today















  











 











our platforms 



 delta data delivers solutions designed to eliminate the complexity around processing investment funds, as well as provide oversight capabilities for these securities, allowing the industry to communicate more easily, manage risk more effectively, and process data more efficiently. 











 



distribution solutions 



spend less, reduce risk, and increase efficiency 



delta data distribution solutions simplify the servicing and trading of assets in investment fund products, streamlining the interaction between distributors and their fund company counterparts.  






learn more











 



asset management solutions 



gain more visibility into distribution partners activity 



delta data asset management solutions provide transparency and simplify the relationship between asset managers and the firms that distribute their funds. 






learn more















 












what our clients are saying... 








 
slidethe delta data team are great partners. they are very collaborative and dedicated experts who add a ton of value and are always available to assist us.
slidethe delta data team understand the industry and partner with clients.
slideprovides products that we need. listens to clients. is very responsive and flexible.
slidedelta data has been a great partner in helping us to create solutions around unique problems.
slidestrong technology platform.  good relationship management.
 



 











 











the trusted partner of top financial institutions 







4/10 



of the top us banks 







3/5 



of the topus retirement recordkeepers 







23/25 



of the topus asset managers 







members of... 








 









 









 









 









 

















 



what makes 
delta data unique? 



i can truly say that the people here are the big difference. we’ve heard it from clients as well, this isn’t just us thinking it. our solutions are good products – certainly our products are excellent, they wouldn’t be talking to us if they weren’t – but above and beyond that, it’s the overall experience that they enjoy so much. 



bret bange, chief revenue officer 







 











articles and press 












 




video 



the career chronicles of sid: a security’s tale 



curious how delta data’s solutions support the lifecycle of a security? 






watch video




















ici innovate 2025: key takeaways and insights


ici innovate 2025 brought together industry leaders to explore the evolving landscape of asset management,...
read more










the challenges of manual fund board reporting


asset management firms face increasing pressure to operate efficiently, maintain compliance, and ensure transparency. a...
read more


 












 











trust delta data to be your strategic ally in the ever-changing landscape of investment funds 



contact us today to get started 






get started
















celebrating the 100th 
anniversary of the 
mutual fund! 







did you know the first modern mutual fund was launched in 1924? to celebrate the 100-year anniversary, we’re hosting a monthly trivia content. answer the question for a chance to win a prize – there will be a new question every month! 






answer the quiz!





















get started today
the trusted partner for global investment fund solutions.
contact usget a demo


contact
contact us
(706) 321-5551
request demo
client support


our company
about us
leadership team
for distributors
for asset managers



resources

blog
press releases
library
videos








 












© 2025 delta data.  all rights reserved.  view privacy policy. 
website design & services by de lu studios








  
scroll to top







			×			





get started today
request a demo




			×			





				reach out today to learn more!			





			x			





				request a demo			





			x			

























