











sarao hartebeesthoek site - south african radio astronomy observatory - nrf/sarao























































































 

































astronomers
students
staff
 


home
about


sarao – south african radio astronomy observatory

what we do

commercialisation
engineering


the project – square kilometre array
our vision, mission, values
impact
annual reports
about meerkat
meet the team
organogram
vacancies
land and environmental management
faqs


northern cape communities
commercialisation

intellectual property protectionipp at the sarao





science

meerkatdocumentation and tools
kat-7seven-dish meerkat precursor array
herahydrogen epoch of reionisation array
c-bassc-band all sky survey
sucsarao users committee
avn vlbi network
citizen science
meerkat astrophysics data system (ads) library


students

scholarships and postdoctoral fellowships
graduate in-training opportunities
radio astronomy advancement programme (raap)
sarao e-learning
impact reports

hera impact study
women in data science report 2021


human capital development programmes
library


impact

outreach

public open days
radio astronomy
mission meerkat
shared sky exhibition
astro-tourism guide programme
amateur astronomy associations of africa database




opportunities

graduate in-training programme
vacancies

available positions
graduate training
career opportunities (skao collaboration) ska mid
partner institute vacancies


scm – tenders & rfqs
scholarships and postdoctoral fellowships
commercialisation
citizen science project


resources
news, media & events

news & media releases
notices and announcements
sarao in the news
upcoming events
conferences

iau ga 2024
science forum south africa


highlights
sarao across the globe
newsletters
subscribe
image and video gallery
live stream cameras of site


contact

contact information and addresses
find expert
visit – public open days
social media platforms


search




menu


menu

 







sarao hartebeesthoek site

about sarao hartebeesthoek site
the sarao hartebeesthoek site is located west of johannesburg, south africa.
history
the observatory began as deep space station 51, built in 1961 by the national aeronautics and space administration (nasa) of the united states of america. an 85 foot = 26 metre diameter antenna was used to get data from, and send commands to, many unmanned us space probes going beyond earth orbit. these included the ranger, surveyor and lunar orbiter spacecraft which landed on the moon or mapped it from orbit, the mariner missions which explored the planets venus and mars and the pioneers which measured the sun’s winds.
the station was handed over to the south african council for scientific and industrial research (csir) in 1975 and was converted to a radio astronomy observatory. in 1988 the observatory became a national facility operated by the foundation for research development (frd). in 1999 the frd was restructured as the national research foundation (nrf).
the original function of the observatory post-nasa was purely research in radio astronomy, but a new science developed at the sarao hartebeesthoek site from the 1980’s, namely space geodesy, i.e. geodesy using space techniques. the radio telescopes are used for both astronomy and space geodesy, and we have other dedicated space geodesy instrumentation.
sarao operates:
26m radio telescope for radio astronomy and geodesy
15m radio telescope for radio astronomy and geodesy
satellite laser ranger (slr) for geodesy
global navigation satellite system (gnss) receivers for gps, glonass and galileo, at sarao hartebeesthoek site and other locations, for geodesy
location
the sarao hartebeesthoek site is located in a valley in the magaliesberg hills, 50 km north-west of johannesburg, in the province of gauteng, south africa.

sarao maintains a number of live cameras, which show activity at the various operating telescopes and other instruments.
watch live stream
hartebeesthoek sitehome
deep space station 51 at sarao hartbeesthoek site
hartebeesthoek site research programmes
science awareness outreach programme
research and study opportunities
news
gallery
live stream
contact information and addresses
website feedback form


sarao 26m and 15m telescopessarao 26m and 15m telescopes

news



 








watch: minister blade nzimande on astro-tourism | astronomy | geodesy | wifi


				october 2, 2024			

the minister of science, technology and innovation, prof. blade nzimande spoke to the sabc on friday, 27 september 2024 about...
read more










nrf delegation conducts in-loco visit of hartrao


				may 23, 2024			

a senior delegation of the national research foundation (nrf) visited the hartebeesthoek radio astronomy observatory (hartrao) in gauteng earlier this...
read more










website feedback, help us improve our website


				february 4, 2023			

give feedback about the sarao website, if you can’t find what you’re looking for, land on a broken link or...
read more










connect, follow and have a conversation with us on our social media platforms


				december 14, 2022			

daily updates, and latest findings on the south african radio astronomy observatory facilities, science and latest news from sarao. news...
read more


 

1
2
3
next » 

contact us
sarao hartebeesthoek site
p.o.box 443, krugersdorp 1740, south africa
phone: +27 (12) 301-3100
fax: +27 (12) 301-3300
general inquiries – e-mail: info@hartrao.ac.za
inquiries about visiting hartrao – e-mail: aware@hartrao.ac.za
public open days
last updated on september 30, 2024
share this


share  

 

 
messenger


post 

        
share 

     
whatsapp


 
  
email




related posts:


sarao hartebeesthoek site coordinates

sarao hartebeesthoek site image gallery


   

overview 
sarao is leading south africa’s involvement in the ska on behalf of the department of science & innovation.
promotion of access to informationterms & conditions
nrf bbbee certificate

sarao the south african radio astronomy observatory (sarao) is a national facility managed by the national research foundation (nrf) and incorporates all national radio astronomy telescopes and programmes. find out more
resources
fact sheets and brochures
cartoon series: mission meerkat
gallery of photographs and videos

quick linkscontact us
opportunities

vacancies
scm – tenders & rfqs


visit us
 linkedin
 x
facebook






© 2024 sarao. all rights reserved. | sitemap | privacy policy
facebookxinstagramlinkedinyoutubetiktokwhatsapp






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.oklearn more

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
accept settingshide notification only 






increase font
decrease font
black & white
inverse colors
highlight links
regular font
reset


page reader





real accessability




























 








