





wedding receptions venues | bat-bar mitzvah party | catering hall – long island – nassau – queens

































 


skip to content
















  


search for:








homeabout usweddingssocial eventscorporatemenusphotosfood truckstestimonialscontact ushomeabout usweddingssocial eventscorporatemenusphotosfood truckstestimonialscontact us 











loading...






















homeadmin_stewartmanor2024-10-17t21:15:24+00:00 
welcome to stewart manor country club
“any review of the stewart manor country club should start out with a shout-out to john and james. john was always in touch and helped us make some of the best decisions for our day, and if something came up, they were quick to assist (especially when planning a wedding during these times!). and our day would not have run half as smooth without james–he was always there before we even knew we needed anything and kept everyone and everything in order! we can’t say enough amazing things about the food–and neither could our guests! (seriously, we’re still hearing stories about how much people loved the food). james and john helped us create perfect signature cocktails (and didn’t seem to mind when we said we wanted not one, not two, but three). stepping foot into the country club for the first time, we knew it was our perfect venue and it was from start to finish. anthony from wedding wire ~ april 2021




 
 





51 salisbury avenue, stewart manor, ny 11530 | tel: 516-328-7540 | email: events@stewartmanor.com 
stewart manor country club the stewart manor country club is a beautifully renovated club and garden setting located in western nassau county, new york.we truly understand that everyone has different desires, needs, and budgets.
 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2019. stewart manor country club   |   all rights reserved   |   designed by restaurant by click 


facebookinstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 













































































































































