




ifoam organics europe





























































ifoam organics europe    


 
 
 









 




 




 




 




 




 




contact usmedia cornersearch 


 



ifoam - organics international        



members area        




ifoam - organics international      












ifoam organics europe


what we do

organic regulationsin the eu, organic farming and production are regulated according to strict rules. as voice for organic, we advocate for a regulation that meets the sector's needs. cap and rural developmentthe cap should be based on the principle of ‘public money for public goods’, rewarding farmers on the basis of their contribution to preserving natural resources. gmosorganic farming protects the collective genetic heritage by remaining gmo-free. organic seedsorganic farming contributes to the conservation and evolution of genetic diversity in agriculture climate changeorganic agriculture, part of the solution to the climate crisis  plant health care

plant nutritionproviding our crops with the nutrients they need while protecting soil, water and air plant protectionplant health care that also promotes the health of crops, ecosystems and humans #stopharm campaign 
biodiversity, soil, and waterhealth and ecology are two of the organic principles. organic agriculture sustains and enhances soils and biodiversity. it helps to conserve water, store carbon in soils, and does not use synthetic pesticides and fertilizers. animal welfareanimal welfare - key to sustainable productivity, high product quality and ethical responsibility.  organic textilesorganic textiles help ensure a more sustainable model for the environment, workers, and farmers. organic textiles producers limit harmful emissions during textiles creation and processing, protect plant workers’ rights, and inform consumers about the impact of the garments they buy. food policyadvocating for more sustainable food systems and showing how organic can be part of this process is one of the raison d’être of ifoam organics europe.  fairness and transparencywe work to strengthen the position of more vulnerable actors in the supply in line with the principles of organic farming. research and innovation

research and innovation advocacyby hosting tp organics' secretariat, we shape research & innovation agendas and build the organic movement's capacity to engage in research and exchange knowledge. knowledge for organicorganic food production is a path of continuous improvement. ifoam organics europe brings knowledge to the organic sector helping it deliver on its principles. 

about us

ifoam organics europewe are the european umbrella organisation for organic food and farming. we represent organic in european policymaking and advocate for a transformation of food and farming. get to know us better.  20 years anniversarycelebrating 20 years of advocacy for development & integrity of organic food & farming in europe, representing almost 200 member organisations why organic?organic farming can reduce emissions as it builds on reduced inputs, closed nutrient cycles and fertile soils. it provides many animal welfare and environmental benefits for soils, water and biodiversity.  organic in europeorganic in europe continues growing - both production and consumption. read more about the market and policies influencing it. visionthe european organic movement's vision and strategy to 2030 how we work

board and council interest groups working groups general assembly can you take part?are you active in organic? learn about the benefits of being part of our network 
ifoam organics europe's governing structures and decision making bodies office team & consultantsget to know who we are, what we work on and how you can contact us. our membersour members make us what we are. as membership-based organisation we represent more than 200 members in 34 european countries. what makes us unique is that our members and work span the entire organic food chain.  the ifoam networkifoam organics europe is a regional body of ifoam organics international, the global umbrella organisation for organic food and farming. they make it possiblefind out which companies and institutions are making europe more organic with us
get involved

become a memberare you active in organic? learn about the benefits of being part of our network sponsor and support usdiscover how you can contribute to making europe more organic and what is in it for you events supportorganising organic events or exhibitions? let’s talk about increasing their visibility fund us (for foundations)your foundation can help us to bring about a transformation of europe’s food and farming system.  submit your initiativeget inspired by practical initiatives that are transforming food and farming in europe. do you have one? submit it here! work with uskeep an eye on this page for open positions. we have an annual call for volunteers each spring and new positions open when the need arises. european organic dayfind out what is happening in europe around eu organic day  european organic awards 2025 oeye 2024: youth for organic – building resilient food futuresengaging youth
resources

libraryannual reportsfactsheets and manualsleafletsofficial lettersorganic infographics and videosposition paperspress releasesreports and studies news newsletter
events# 
 
 
 









 
eu should support farmers to reduce harmful pesticides
join our #stopharm campaign

learn more      



 
apply now to win the eu organic awards 2025!
put yourself forward by 27 april

learn more      



 
consumers spend more on organic each year!
browse our interactive map for the latest data on organic food & farming

learn more      



 
what's on the plate for the european organic movement in 2025?
read & share our translated newsletter in your language

learn more      



 
seize the moment for a sustainable agrifood future
our recommendations for the european commission’s forthcoming vision for agriculture and food

learn more      



 
a shared framework for sustainable agrifood systems
organic is a solution for europe’s farmers, nature & society

learn more      



 
a cap that realises our shared prospects for eu agrifood
our vision on a cap fit for the future

learn more      



 
an eu with vibrant rural areas & sustainable agrifood system?
6 political priorities for eu policymakers to get there

learn more      





what we do

ifoam organics europe is the european umbrella organisation for organic food and farming. for more than 20 years, we have been and continue representing organic in european policymaking and advocating for a transformation of food and farming. our work is based on the principles of organic agriculture – health, ecology, fairness and care. with almost 200 members in 34 european countries, our work spans the entire organic food chain.






about us





 

why organic?

organic food and farming are part of the solution to many of today's challenges - foremost the climate and biodiversity crises. the organic principles of health, ecology, fairness and care apply to people, all living beings and the planet's ecosystem.        

 







 

vision

we want to transform european food and farming to a system that is fair, environmentally conscious, healthy and caring. to make this 'vision 2030' a reality we issued a roadmap to sustainable food and farming systems in europe.        

 







 

how we work

ifoam organics europe is a membership-based organisation. we work closely with our members to represent the day-to-day business of the entire organic food chain towards the eu institutions.        

 








organic news









30/01/2025


food policy      



gmos      



knowledge for organic      




january 2025 newsletter – multilingual edition      

read this special newsletter in bg, cz, da, de, es, en, fi, fr, hr, hu, it, nl, no, pl, pt, ua…

 











28/01/2025


eu's agrifood vision      



plant health care      



press releases      




eu should support farmers to reduce harmful pesticides      

 brussels, 28 january 2025 – ifoam organics europe launches today a campaign to raise awareness of the social, economic and…

 











23/01/2025


eu's agrifood vision      




organics continues shaping the future of eu agriculture as member of the ebaf      

brussels, 23 january 2025 – “organic farmers and food producers are leading efforts to make european agriculture truly sustainable, i am…

 





all news







events





browse events that are making europe more organic.        














february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december
january











01 feb
31 dec


#stopharm campaign


 










11 feb
27 apr


eu organic awards 2025 - application period


 










11 feb
14 feb


biofach 2025


 











17 feb


session 2: let's discuss organic - a new narrative for organic after farm to fork


 















13 mar


session 3: let's discuss organic - new innovations in organic agriculture


 











18 mar


exclusive live webinar - ifoam organics europe's open day


 














11 feb
27 apr


eu organic awards 2025 - application period


 











17 apr


session 4: let's discuss organic - political developments of the ngt proposal


 














12 may
13 may


natural & organic products expo


 











15 may


session 5: let's discuss organic - sustainable public procurement: opportunities for the organic sector in europe


 











19 may
20 may


interest group: high-level retailers


 










26 may
29 may


eucarpia - liveseeding conference


 











27 may
28 may


interest group: organic farmers


 















05 jun


session 6: let's discuss organic - the future of the cap policy beyond 2027


 











25 jun


save the date: general assembly 2025


 










26 jun
27 jun


sustainable foods summit 2025


 








no events











18 aug
19 aug


european organic congress 2025


 














23 sep


eu organic day 2025


 










23 sep


eu organic awards 2025


 














02 oct
04 oct


bioexpo warsaw 2025


 














12 nov


nordic organic food fair 2025


 











27 nov


organic food forum 2025


 










30 nov
02 dec


natexpo 2025


 















01 feb
31 dec


#stopharm campaign


 










30 nov
02 dec


natexpo 2025


 








no events





events with this symbol are ifoam organics europe’s events







strategic sponsors




 





 





 












stay connected

subscribe to our newsletter and press list         





 




 




 




 




 




 







ifoam organics europe

ifoam organics europe
rue marie thérèse 11
1000 brussels
belgium
+32 2 280 12 23
info@organicseurope.bio




specific enquiries

find the person best suited to reply to your question on the pages about the topic and on the ‘office team’ page




membership enquiries

membership@organicseurope.bio







cookies and gdpr
 
credits

design: atto - 
development: dehlic




 

ifoam





i accept
i do not accept








