 





 



dream catcher history & legend | dream-catchers.org









































↓ skip to main content





home
what is a dream catcher?
history & culture
dreams
arts and crafts
contact us





dream catcher history & legend

dream catchers are one of the most fascinating traditions of native americans. the traditional dream catcher was intended to protect the sleeping individual from negative dreams, while letting positive dreams through. the positive dreams would slip through the hole in the center of the dream catcher, and glide down the feathers to the sleeping person below. the negative dreams would get caught up in the web, and expire when the first rays of the sun struck them.

the dream catcher has been a part of native american culture for generations. one element of native american dream catcher relates to the tradition of the hoop. some native americans of north america held the hoop in the highest esteem, because it symbolized strength and unity. many symbols started around the hoop, and one of these symbols is the dream catcher.
dream catcher lore:
native americans believe that the night air is filled with dreams both good and bad. the dream catcher when hung over or near your bed swinging freely in the air, catches the dreams as they flow by. the good dreams know how to pass through the dream catcher, slipping through the outer holes and slide down the soft feathers so gently that many times the sleeper does not know that he/she is dreaming. the bad dreams not knowing the way get tangled in the dream catcher and perish with the first light of the new day.
how the dream catcher is made:
using a hoop of willow, and decorating it with findings, bits and pieces of everyday life, (feathers, arrow heads, beads, etc) the dream catcher is believed to have the power to catch all of a person’s dreams, trapping the bad ones, and letting only the good dreams pass through the dream catcher.






search for:


main menuwhat is a dream catcher?
history of dream catchers
lakota culture and history
ojibwe culture and history
how to make a dream catcher
make a dream catcher for kids
what are dreams?
types and themes of dreams
recommended reading 


categories

arts and crafts

dreams

history & culture


additional resourcesnativeworkplace.com
national congress of american indians
native news online
national society of american indian elderly
office of native american affairs










 


			© 2003-2025
				dream-catchers.org			

↑

contact us | privacy policy






