







homepage - catskill mountain foundation


















































































magazineart workshopsbuy ticketscalendarsign upmedia 






performancesprograms & classesperforming artsfilmindependent film seriesartist residenciesart workshopsart explorersnational dance instituteview all programs

 sugar maples


 orpheum dance program

view all programsvisit usorpheum performing arts centercmf gift shopdoctorow center for the artspiano performance museummountain cinemacmf officessugar maples center for creative artsred barnsupportmake a donationannual benefitabout donate 












catskill mountain foundation bringing the best of the arts to the mountaintop transforming lives through the arts: our multifaceted program brings broad impact to the community  explore events  


 







 
our 2025 season tickets now on sale for our 2025 season! a full season of dance, music, theater, and more! see our shows and purchase tickets! 







upcoming events and films 






independent film series 




discover, discuss, and watch cinema in the catskills, featuring local makers & places

curated by caitlin mccoll, this free series shows films once a month, with directors in attendance for a community q&a. see the schedule and reserve tickets 



 

 





  
our programs our programming spans from the performing arts to film, fine art courses to musical history. we are proud to bring world-class concerts, events, and entertainment to the mountaintop. a cornerstone of our programming is community outreach through our art workshops. you can help us reach our goals by contributing to the catskill mountain foundation.
 view our programs 







performances 




for over 25 years, we have brought top quality performances in music, dance, and theater to the catskill mountains. learn more 



 

 





films 




we show top hollywood, foreign, and independent films at the doctorow center for the arts in hunter. with over 70 films a year in high definition and digital surround sound, offerings in 3d, and an independent film program, we have something for everyone. learn more 



 
 





art workshops 




year-round studio workshops and classes in ceramics, painting, drawing, and fiber arts led by artists who are nationally known in their field. learn more 



 

 





programs for youth 




give your kids the opportunity to be creative all summer with hands-on and interactive experiences. scholarships are available for most programs. programs for youth 



 

 





virtual performances we offer several virtual programs throughout the year, from our international fortepiano salons, to taped versions of performances on our stages. subscribe to our youtube page to get notifications when we release new content! find us on youtube! 



 

 






locations cmf is proud to call much of the mountaintop home. we are spread over the villages of hunter and tannersville, and the hamlet of maplecrest in the town of windham. with distinct artistic home bases in each town, there is something for everyone on the mountaintop! 





 

orpheum performing arts center tannersville, ny the orpheum performing arts center is a spectacular, 12,500 square foot, 245-seat theater. the stage is 40 feet wide, 35 feet deep, and features a sprung floor, making it perfect for dance. it's also a great venue for other performances that require a larger space. 
read more





 

sugar maples center for creative arts maplecrest, ny the sugar maples center for creative arts is located in the heart of the northern catskill region of new york state, in the scenic hamlet of maplecrest. its mission is to create a center for the study of studio arts and natural agriculture, and to offer a beautiful mountain setting for artist retreats. 
read more





 

doctorow center for the arts hunter, ny the doctorow center contains evelyn weisberg hall, a 165-seat performing arts center; the mountain cinema, a three-screen film venue; the piano performance museum; and our administrative offices. click on "read more" to see the full technical specifications. across the street from the doctorow center is the red barn, which features residency housing. 
read more




learn more







100+yearly events this season is bigger and better than ever with something for everyone! 







100,000yearly guide magazine readers throughout the catskills and beyond! 







10,000 tickets sold a year; we are proud to offer programs and classes for our neighbors of all ages! 







testimonials hear what some people are saying about the catskill mountain foundation!
 




 “over the past two years i have been fortunate enough to bring my company, twyla tharp dance, to the catskill mountain foundation’s properties for two residencies. the generosity of the cmf makes serious work possible for the artist. their unique facilities, the red barn and orpheum theater, provided an environment for us to get away from the distractions of life and focus on the work, while the beauty of the natural surroundings offered a sense of peace and relaxation outside the dance studio. buoyed by the extraordinary support of the cmf staff, we were able to accomplish many great things, and we are ever grateful.” twyla tharp 

 “in late summer 1998 we met an amazing couple with a great vision for bringing the arts to the mountaintop. that marked the beginning of a deep friendship and collaboration with peter and sarah finn and the magnificent catskill mountain foundation. it’s been a great pleasure to share in their journey these past 20 years and we are so grateful for their friendship and our ongoing collaborations. happy 20th anniversary to the catskill mountain foundation!” robert manno & magdalena golczewski, windham chamber music festival 

"one of the most meaningful things we have done as a company – if not the most meaningful – is come together, in residency (a inseparable part of the history modern dance in america from ted shawn and ruth st. denis at jacob’s pillow to martha graham at bennington), and make work. and one of the most inspiring places we’ve ever had the opportunity to do that is catskill mountain foundation, where we’ve had two incredible residences – one in 2009, and one in 2017.  away from the pressures of our new york city lives, we listen differently, we breathe together, we create work as an ensemble, we connect with the environment and the community around us. we see, we hear, we reinvent. i cannot fully express our gratitude to catskill mountain foundation – and our tremendous desire to return! catskill mountain foundation is a priceless asset to the arts community, and to the area." chase brock 

"my name is sarah yarger; i am eleven years old, and live in lexington. i participate in miss victoria’s community ballet class. my experience has been fantastic! miss victoria is a wonderful teacher; she has the perfect amount of strictness that we improve every week while having fun.  since the fall i have developed a new appreciation for dance. miss victoria has been very inspirational. the workshops that the dancers did were amazing! i was so happy afterward that my mom told me i was glowing! i really wanted to do the nutcracker, but i had a conflict. my brother was able to do it though! he absolutely loved it. i have made many memories here and look forward to the community ballet class every week." sarah yarger 

"...the catskill mountain foundation brings so much pleasure to the mountain top, and i’m so grateful for it." ellen schorsch 














sign up for our newsletter our weekly newsletter is filled with our upcoming events and news...sign up today! 
 
explore events donate 









7971 route 23a, 
main street, hunter, ny 12442







our programs
performing artssugar maplesfilmindependent film seriesartist residenciesprograms for youthpiano performance museumshopnatural agriculture farm 

news
guide magazine 

who we are
our visionour locationsthe catskill mountain foundation’s capital campaignblog & press roomboard & staffprivacy policy 

support us
contact usdonate 











© 2025. all rights reserved.catskill mountain foundation. website by ironpaper.
attend an eventsign upcalendar 

attend an eventsign upcalendar © 2025. all rights reserved.catskill mountain foundation. website by ironpaper.







