
















home | mississippi board of licensure for professional engineers and surveyors


























      skip to main content
    















ms.gov
the official website of the state of mississippi


online services
agency listing



















ready to stay up to date with the latest agency news? sign up for our text notifications by texting "pepls" to 844-328-7575 and reply to the prompt with your first/last name 
effective fy26 (july 1, 2025), our agency will be 100% paperless! please ensure your contact information is up to date to stay informed about this transition and receive future communications.


















quick links






contact us


site map
























mississippi board of licensure for professional engineers and surveyors


















search











search

































menu










main navigation






home


about


board members


former board members


board meeting dates and minutes


board positions / opinions / communications


board disciplinary actions


recent board news


board newsletters


board staff




laws, rules & requirements


licensure law


rules & regulations


surveying standards


continuing education


the complaint process




licensure


requirements


exam


forms and other documents


fee schedule


verification of licensure and/or exam(s)


licensure renewals


pocket cards


seals & signatures


update your contact information




community & advocacy


engineer intern spotlight


engineer spotlight


surveyor spotlight


dual licensee spotlight


public outreach


advocacy


announcements




resources


acronyms


frequently asked questions (faqs)


resources for engineers & surveyors


employment opportunities


volunteer opportunities












quick links






contact us


site map






















































, 















, 















, 















, 












































welcome to our home page
new rules posted
you can view the new rules at the following link on our website. 
for your convenience we've also added a document that highlights the rule changes.  access the rule change highlights here.
please be made aware the new rules are subject to the approval of the olrc before becoming final.
 
interested in seeing the redline version?  you can view the entire submittal on the mississippi secretary of state's website at the website address below:
https://www.sos.ms.gov/regulation-enforcement/administrative-bulletin
search by agency to access the submittal.
  
we are going paperless! 
make sure we have an email address on record so that you don't miss any important information.
all future renewal notices will be provided via email,  text notification, social media, and the website only.
update your records: our address is 455 north lamar street, suite 208, jackson, ms 39202











































board mission statement


















the mississippi board of licensure for professional engineers and surveyors was established by the state legislature in 1928. the board's mission is to safeguard life, health, and property, and to promote the public welfare by providing a complete and thorough licensure process for professional engineers and professional surveyors, ensuring that each is properly qualified to practice in the state of mississippi. 
the board also regulates the practice of engineering and surveying in the state through investigation and disciplinary authority granted by title 73, chapter 13 of the mississippi code.


























































license renewals







complete online renewal of your mississippi license through this link.


renew here









start an application 







application link for applicants with or without an ncees record


apply here









licensee search







search our database of mississippi licensed engineers and surveyors.


search here


















recent news






























dr. dennis d. truax host 21st-century engineer podcast with the infrastructure network





board member dr. dennis d. truax will be hosting a series of podcast for the infrastructure network on thier youtube page.  in the first podcast, dr.





read full story












executive director gilmore speaks to usm ocean engineering students











read full story









more recent news












calendar






























ncees discovere engineers week

begins: 






12:00 am, 02/16/2025


ends: 






11:59 pm, 02/22/2025













mes winter meeting

begins: 






12:00 am, 02/26/2025


ends: 






11:59 pm, 02/28/2025













msu asce gulf coast student symposium

begins: 






8:00 am, 03/6/2025


ends: 






1:00 pm, 03/8/2025










view full calendar





























twitter
linkedin
























mississippi board of licensure
for professional engineers and surveyors
455 north lamar street
2nd floor - suite 208
jackson, ms 39202
phone: 601-359-6160
email: information@pepls.state.ms.us


















footer






faqs


disclaimer


site map













ms.gov home
ms.gov site policies
ms.gov help center
transparency.ms.gov


			copyright ©
			 state of mississippi
		


















