








franciscan federation - franciscan federation
















































































 











			skip to content		




events calendarnewslettercontact usdonate now  menumenuabout

about us

who we arefederation historytransformation processannouncementsorganizational meetings 
commissions

commission for life and missioncommission of jpiccommission of member engagement 

membershipgatherings

gatheringsannual retreata year of listening & learning 2024afc 2023
resources & networking

resources

recently postedsearchable databasespeaker & retreat leader databasefranciscan centers & retreat housesjob board 
networking

franciscan collaborators & partnersfranciscan intentional community networkintergenerational eco-justice & spirituality network 

log inevents calendarcontact us  





welcome!
rooted in tradition, all those who identify as franciscan journey together toward the future.
we are vowed religious and associates, affiliates, cojourners, secular franciscans, lay franciscans, and all who seek to live out a franciscan life in today’s world.






membership
join us for resources, networking, and fellowship



gatherings
explore opportunities to gather



resources & networking
resources, projects, and opportunities



events
federation and member-sourced  event calendar



newsletter
get the latest news from the franciscan federation






recent announcements



see all announcements





master of theological studies – franciscan theology (online)franciscan federation·february 12, 2025member forum recording: introductionsfranciscan federation·february 6, 202502/17/2025 registration deadline for franciscan federation annual virtual retreatfranciscan federation·january 25, 2025the franciscan central archive quarterly newsletterfranciscan federation·january 25, 2025






living out the franciscan movement
the franciscan federation—through its many iterations—has always sought to deepen the lived expression of the franciscan charism in the contemporary world. originally founded as a response to the second vatican council’s call for the renewal of religious life, the federation has evolved into a more collaborative organization comprised of vowed religious and their associates, secular franciscans, lay franciscans, and all who seek to live out the franciscan movement in today’s world.



rooted in tradition

the franciscan movement was built on the foundation of the lay penitents in assisi who committed to imitating the life of jesus christ. francis and clare of assisi, along with many others, embraced this form of life in a way that continues to captivate our world today. learn about our rich history.




moving toward the future

today, franciscans from all walks of life—vowed, lay, and secular—continue to lean into this movement committed to following in the footsteps of jesus christ to bring love, compassion, and mercy to our world. see where we’re headed.












about the franciscan federation
the franciscan federation is an ever-evolving group of franciscans who seek to deepen the understanding and love of the franciscan movement in our world today through collaborative relationships across the franciscan family. the federation promotes the exploration and study of franciscan evangelical life and its implications for our world today, provides networking opportunities and resources to further ignite franciscan values, and provides space for the emergence of new ideas.


contact

franciscan federationc/o sisters of st. francis of philadelphia609 s convent roadaston, pa 19014attn: sr. celeste crine
contact us



stay up to date

franciscan federation on facebook
upcoming events
newsletter





© 2025 franciscan federation. site by blustery day design.


privacy policy






































