




highsnobiety - fashion, trends, art, design, sneakers, toys and more

 
































menu >   home   about   features   events   contact











april 18, 2006






	 
	 new hs website!!!
	 
    



hey everybody,highsnobiety has now been running on the blogger platform for a year. it was time for a change. please find highsnobiety now atwww.highsnobiety.comwe hope that you like the new website. the main reasons for change where functionality. you will be able to find older posts much easier on the new site, due to search function, categories and different sites.i also want to take this occassion to thank everybody for reading highsnobiety in the past year, giving us feedback and making the site what it is now.thanks and hopefully we can continue to serve you with great news!enjoy,davidlabels: highsnobiety, new site, news



posted by instyle at 9:05 am
4 comments






april 17, 2006






	 
	 hellz bellz spring06 available now!!!
	 
    



its not hard to find nice girls line out there. hellz bellz is definitely one of the few. their spring 06 line is now available in places such as union, cmonwealth and a few others.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 6:04 pm
0 comments












	 
	 mastermind caps!!!
	 
    



i just came across these new mastermind caps over at cliff edge. they are simple, but have at the same time some great details. check out the other colors too. cliff edge also got some great new bape items in, especially for girls this time.enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 4:05 pm
0 comments












	 
	 goods x new era!!!
	 
    



goods from seattle now have their own new era cap. it looks very nice, simple!! that always works. goods has one of the most impressive clothing lines by a retail store i have ever seen, with their own m-65 jackets and denim. the new era is a good add-on to that.enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 4:00 pm
0 comments












	 
	 webby awards!!!
	 
    



the webby awards are up again. you guys can vote for the best sites. our friends from karmaloop.com are nominated in the category "best retail web site". so, head over to the webby's and give them your vote.enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 3:56 pm
0 comments












	 
	 supreme blazers release date!!!
	 
    



according to the hundreds the supreme blazers are dropping on april 21rst. for me the hottes sneaker of the year. i also see some serious camping going on in front of the supreme stores for that release.enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 1:07 pm
3 comments












	 
	 new futura x lance armstrongs!!
	 
    



after all the products that futura, nike and lance armstrong came out with last summer during the tour de france, we have now another collaboration between them coming up.simple colorway, with some nice details. via kix-files.enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 1:01 pm
0 comments












	 
	 beinghunted joga bonito feature!!!
	 
    



beinghunted has now conducted a nice joga bonito feature. they are summing up the entire initiative by reporting about the bookzine, the milan event and the clothing.enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 12:57 pm
0 comments












	 
	 hiroshi fujiwara's af1's!!!
	 
    



you can be sure that you have never seen anything like this before. hiroshi fujiwara now got a special pair of af1's. these only exist once. the af1's are made out of real crocodile leather and come with the matching bracelet.the details are just incredible. the gold on the lacelocks and the bracelet is real 18k gold. is that amazing or what?i think this is definitely the nicest sneaker i have ever seen. amaaaaaaaazing!!! the pics are via his honeyee blog.enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 12:40 pm
1 comments












	 
	 huge evil monito store upgrade!!
	 
    



evilmonito store has had a great update. you can now find new in4mation tee's, the variant line (futura x 360 toygroup), again the made mag kaws issue, the latest from fiberops and much much more.head over there now and get yourhands on all these goodies. they will not wait for you.enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 12:31 pm
0 comments












	 
	 new vans x supreme collab!!!
	 
    



it seems like there will be a new vans x supreme collaboration half cab. they will be coming in three colorways: white, red and black. they all have a nice chessfield design on the side. images via skatehere and news via the hyde. enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 12:25 pm
1 comments












	 
	 vans vault 06 line!!!
	 
    



the hyde has now put together a nice little feature to present the entire vans vault 06 line. there is some really great stuff among it, you should definitely check them out. vans has done a great job for this collection.head over to the hyde for more pics.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 12:14 pm
0 comments












	 
	 krink kits!!!
	 
    



95gallery is now offering fantastic krink kits. you get a special aka designed alife tee, a signed kr book and a kring marker. they are only available in limited quantities, so you better run.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 12:08 pm
0 comments












	 
	 andy mouse in europe!!!
	 
    



finally the great new toy by 360 toygroup is also available in europe. dpmhi has them now. the toy is a joint design by haring and warhol and just a great project. you better get yours now, because these will fly off of the shelves.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 11:56 am
0 comments












	 
	 best tee's the old ones???
	 
    



paul mittelman asked a few of his friends which were their favorite tee's and all of them were getting out some old tee's by i.e. fujiwara and supreme. rightly he is asking himself whether today the designs are less good? what is your opinion on that?enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 11:53 am
0 comments












	 
	 gravis x stay high!!!
	 
    



gravis teams up this season with stay high for their black box series, after this seasons stash collab. stay high is one of nyc's graph artists pioneers and went underground for 20+ years. he is now back. check out what you have to expect...niiiicce. we'll keep you updated on these products.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 11:49 am
0 comments












	 
	 firmament adds online shopping!!!
	 
    



the new retail location by the beinghunted people now also has online shopping. of course am firmament takes a different approach and presents their clothing in outfits. visvim shoe's going with w)taps pants and acronym jackets.... i now... its hot. unfortunately you pay for the quality... check it out yourself.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 11:45 am
0 comments












	 
	 reason updates site!!!
	 
    



with the presentation of the new ss06 collection reason clothing also updates their website. new format, new layout and some nice real life shots of the collection that we presented to you a good while back. check it out yourself.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 11:43 am
0 comments












	 
	 great dane easter egg!!!
	 
    



great dane clothing has designed the above tee to go along with the nike easter releases, such as the af1's. the tee is limited to 50 pieces so go and grab yours now.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 11:41 am
2 comments












	 
	 undercover x birkenstock!!!
	 
    



the summer is getting closer and with it undercover now released a collab sandal with healthy sandal brand birkenstock. these are rather rare. thats all i can say about these, because personnaly i am just not too much in to sandals. definitely high quality and comfortable though. via conceptshop.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 11:38 am
0 comments






april 14, 2006






	 
	 nike sb snt team edition!!!
	 
    



there has been quite some talk about these nike sb's. its the sant team edition. sant is the major skater hangout spot since many years in barcelona. they will be released in spain on may 5th and on the 18th worldwide. via crooked tongues.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 11:38 pm
4 comments












	 
	 triumvir3 x turntable lab 04!!!
	 
    



triumvir3 now got together with turntable lab 04 and created a special gs pack. here is the deal"lab exclusivo! the guys at triumvir 3 hooked us up with our own customized gs-pack in an exclusive new colorway. the pack includes the shirt in multi-color camo print and an exclusive mix cd featuring stones throw artists oh no, percee p, and roc c (includes two unreleased j. dilla productions), all packaged in a screened, hand numbered box. and for the first 40 to purchase the shirt, we've included a oh no's stones throw white label 12" (while supplies last). limited to 68 packs.includes:• exclusive shirt• exclusive mix cd featuring oh no, roc c, percee p, j. dilla, and rhettmatic• customized, hand numbered box• first 40 get an oh no stones throw white label"what an incredible pack. here some more shots of what you get and you better do not wait to get your hands onto it. buy it here.realllllly nice!!!enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 11:34 pm
0 comments












	 
	 cliquenmove update!!!
	 
    



check out cliquenmove today. they have had a really nice update. check out the pics of the nike woven's and also their report of the joga bonito zine launch event in milan. enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 2:42 pm
0 comments












	 
	 flight club in ny times!!!
	 
    



now an article appeared in the ny times. one of their reporters dropped by the store and talks about the store, the people of the store, the customers, etc. its an article of somebody who was still not ready to believe what the sneaker game is about today and what is happening between the sneaker connoisseurs. so, check it out and read about his experience. its funny.oh, and if you are in nyc you have to drop by flight club. you'll never see an equally amazing collection of quick strikes ever again. thanks to al cabino for pointing out the article.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 2:09 pm
0 comments












	 
	 comme des garcons guerilla store hk!!!
	 
    



      highsnobiety the comme des garcons guerilla store in hong kong just recently opened. as usual they found a very special location for it. the interior is very drastic and extreme. i have also seen the guerilla store in berlin and there it was the same. clear historical integration, but extreme. if you have time to pass by this location you should not miss. aside from the great clothing that you will find, you will also find yourself in a very special environment. pictures via silly-thing.enjoy,david



posted by instyle at 2:01 pm
2 comments












	 
	 juicy jazz from paris!!!
	 
    



here we are presenting you a new t-shirt line by a graphic design offive from paris - juicy jazz. please read below what the background of the line is."all our visuals experiences are based upon a long quest from arts, poetry and music. in fact arts is a big part of our lives and one of the rare universal languages. paintings and music bring people to open their mind and this is the essence of our reflections. indeed travelling without moving was our main objective in design. it’s in this direction that we envisioned our works with passion and conviction. our travels lead us to express ourselves in several projects further more our new t-shirts line is finally available. for this new collection we invite you to a visual ride between jazz and organic hip hop. be our guest and share our world vision, participate in a children organisation called “planete-enfants” by wearing our special designed item. indeed after a dedicated year in graphics research here is our last collector edition (100 copies limited),  that we spread like l.o.v.e. "they got nice graphics, with a worthy background to them and even a good purpose into their project. check them out yourself. tee's can be purchased directly from their website.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 1:57 pm
0 comments






april 13, 2006






	 
	 the starcow am90's!!!
	 
    



for those of you that know paris a bit, starcow is definitely a name. these guys carry a lot of hot stuff, including nike limited edition gear, supreme, the hundreds and lots of others. now they created their own nike id airmax 90. the sneaker will be available 10 times and comes in a mix of the original colors and the starcow store colors.so, head over to starcow if you want to get your hands on one of those babies. they are at 68 rue st.honoré, not so far from colette actually.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 3:53 pm
0 comments












	 
	 bbc pharrell tee!!!
	 
    



now some more light onto this tee, that we showed you a while back. its a tee by bbc with pharrell on it and it is only given out at his concerts in japan in limited numbers. so, don't even think you can get one of those. pic via conceptshop.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 3:48 pm
0 comments












	 
	 palmboy x hello kitty!!!
	 
    



here some fantastic tee's of the devilock summer 2006 10th anniversary collection. the collaboration of devilock and sanrio is just great. palmboy and hello kitty go together fantastic. via secretbase.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 3:46 pm
0 comments












	 
	 neighborhood in milan!!
	 
    



honeyee has a nice feature on neighborhood in milan. they got great pics of the slamjam store and also some of the beautiful loosers exhibition. definitely worth checking out.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 3:44 pm
0 comments












	 
	 nike x quiksilver!!
	 
    



after tons of collaborations, its now also quiksilvers turn. friday magazine via kix-files shows us a shot of that action. in terms of colors the sneaker is kept rather simple with only white and black. but i have to say, i think the way they did it, is quite a nice job. kept the sides in clean white and applied the quiksilver graphics in an original manner.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 10:15 am
4 comments












	 
	 puma clyde easter version!!!
	 
    



what you see from the back here is the puma easter clydes. limited to 300 pairs per colorway and available exclusively at barney's beginning april 15th.puma celebrates spring with a limited edition pack of three easter clydes.  the clyde, the most iconic sneaker in puma's storied heritage, was first introduced to the public back in 1973.  having linked with walt "clyde" frazier himself to relaunch this classic shoe in the summer of 2005, puma continues to debut special editions of the clyde, each with a special twist.the easter clydes come in three monochromatic, candy-colored flavors inspired by easter eggs: lavendar, paradise green and aurora yellow, each with slightly contrasting pastel finishes.  the easter clydes have a rich nubuk upper with a subtle patent leather hit on the heel, and feature artwork by renowned tattoo artist cubanbee.i love this sneaker. classic, yet very fresh in these easter pastell colors and the application of premium leathers and artwork by cubanbee. what else does one want!!!enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 10:06 am
1 comments






april 12, 2006






	 
	 skoold in korectnuss interview!!
	 
    



 inquiring mind now has a nice feature interview of skoold in korectnuss up. these guys have been producing some dope collections in the past 5 years. read up on them and find out what the brand stands for and where it is heading.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 4:51 pm
0 comments












	 
	 new lions den online store!!
	 
    



lions den from l.a. now launched an online store. they have apparel for men, women and also accessories. what is refreshing actually, is that they do not carry the same brands everybody else has. check the store out and find many hot pieces in there. i reall had to hold myself back when browsing through. via hypebeast.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 3:10 pm
0 comments












	 
	 puma tres coracones!!!
	 
    



these are always the best reason to launch a sneaker... if there is history to tell. so here we have above pele wearing a puma sneaker in the 1970's for the world cup in mexico and below we have ....... a brand new puma dropping.. the exact same model. when you buy this sneaker you buy much more. one buys soccer history and brazilian soccer flair. thanks a lot to al cabino, internationally famous sneakerographer, for pointing this out.enjoy,david
    


posted by instyle at 2:37 pm
0 comments





























to know
beinghunted
the brilliance
karmaloop
azita skateboard
dopefiend
lurk ltd.
soleredemption
kicksaholic
sneakergame
unotre
the hundreds
weeklydrop
a silent flute
freshness
slamxhype
dilemma
hypebeast
kick-fiend
dork magazine
kobayashi 5
mocoloco
fashion week daily
cool hunting
roger reiss
rthq
vinyl pulse
billionaire boys club news
fashionmission
whats really good mag
cali kickz map
designspotter




to see
13th witness
motion tactics


to travel
superfuture
gridskipper


to shop
grand
coolestshop
concept10
caliroots
shotgun
colette
azita skateboard
kickzstore
karmaloop


to create
kaws
futura 2000
roger reiss
kostas seremitis
james jarvis
evan hecox
to use
blogarama






www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing photos in a set called wordless 2005. make your own badge here.
















new hs website!!!
hellz bellz spring06 available now!!!
mastermind caps!!!
goods x new era!!!
webby awards!!!
supreme blazers release date!!!
new futura x lance armstrongs!!
beinghunted joga bonito feature!!!
hiroshi fujiwara's af1's!!!
huge evil monito store upgrade!!





your ad here




march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006





your ad here























 




















â© high snobiety / www.highsnobiety.com

highsnobiety is not affiliated with any of the companies/products/services/places reviewed or mentioned in any way.
all opinions expressed herein do not reflect those of any of the companies/products/services/places reviewed. pictures used on this website are owned by the respective producer.

