






the humor archives – just humor us…





















skip to content


the humor archives
just humor us…












 


  menu
about uscontact us












kanye west’s new promotion of christianity

july 1, 2020 brad harrison 



 
do you know the middle name of kanye west? it’s omari, that means gof is the highest. therefore it’s absolutely in tune with the producer designer and rapper’s new promotion of christianity. while he is in the tour, he started promoting the new album jesus is king. during this time, west started to profess his belief and commitment to his faith and it seems to be both a redemption as well as promotional tour.
kanye west seeks to visit the mega church of the prosperity and meet the pastor joel osteen. joel was caught in the controversy to open the church doors to the harvey hurricane victims.
kanye west’s colorful professional life saw multi folds in his career. lately, on the jimmy kimmel live show, west gave a lecture to someone for wearing a black lottery winner regarding the importance of luxury consumer products. but on the contrary side, west himself gifted his eldest daughter a $62,000 worth tiara when she was about one year old. such contradiction never ceases to chase him, spoiling his reputation.
when his album was supposed to signify black cultural and their religious tradition, like the samples of black church like james cleveland’s god is, his album displays the gospel of white missionaries. while his entire life was spent in challenging these conventions through every way of his artistic life, west now poses a contrary mood.
while several people are criticizing him or making fun of him, his fans re already in a dilemma for not having any answer. but let’s not be carried out with these thoughts and discuss it from a simple perspective. west is filthy rich and his incoherent ideas are not contradictory to the general approach of rich people. they can afford to be so incoherent and contradictory because they don’t always have a particular ideology to stick to. for him, promotion is the ultimate thing as it is his profession. his efforts are thereby colored with his profession. and this jesus is king is only a testimony of relying on the free market liberal trade. thereby he stands as opposed to the black liberation theology.
though it affects his fans since they are ordinary people who believe him to be an icon, but that doesn’t mean his stance is affected. and while people are wasting time discussing his mask and hypocrisy is exposed, that little matters to him. some even attacks him for his apparently racist approach toward his own clan, but little does he bother since he belong to the “white” world in every way other than skin color.
honestly, the promotion of christianity is less about christianity of jesus and more about kanye west. but given an artist, this is part of his job. conventional people raise voice: can god be used for promotion? isn’t it an attack on the religious sentiment? but we have not yet received any answer from kanye west himself. there is some cryptic and confusing explanation in the itnerview with zane lowe below. 



what’s your take on this matter? feel free to comment below and air your thoughts.


categories: famous figures, religion & spirituality 



famous religious figures today

october 23, 2019october 23, 2019 brad harrison 



 
we often take certain things for granted. like religion, where we feel that certain religions are born, they then grow and later on get decayed. however, when someone starts a new religion, we take it as a cult, something that hinders our way of life and thoughts. 
most of the religions are like faith. we have to treat its traditions and teachings as sacrosanct and timeless. well, the same thing can be said about the religious leaders of these sacred religions. today’s religious figures or gurus are more involved in creating a peace and understanding the human values. 
these new religious figures provide guidance in living a happy and peaceful. well, their achievement is what encourages each of their followers and onlookers to know the importance of their teaching.
famous religious figures
below are the five current religious figures who have paved a way and created a dynasty that rides on their success and teaching. let’s check these great ones – 
tenzin gyatso – 14th dalai lama

born as lhamo thondup, tenzin is the current dalai lama. do you know that dalai lamas are one of the significant monks of the gelug schools? this is one of the newest schools of the tibetan buddhism.
in 1959, the dalai lama fled to india due to the tibetan uprising. currently he is a refugee in india but has traveled all around the world. during the international visits, he has spoken a lot about the welfare of tibetan people, economics, environment, women’s right, nonviolence, etc.
in addition, he is the recipient of the prestigious nobel peace prize in 1989 and even time magazine has named him as one of ‘children of mahatma gandhi’.
pope francis

pope francis is the head of the catholic church. he is even considered as the sovereign of the vatican city state. do you know that he is the first jesuit pope who is from the americas? also, he is the only pope from the southern hemisphere and even the first one to visit the arabian peninsula. 
now throughout his public life, pope francis has been recognized for his emphasis on god’s mercy and his humility. in addition, as an international pope, he is often concerned with the welfare of the poor and supported the interfaith dialogue. 
according to him he feels that the church needs to be more open as well as welcoming. he is a strict non-supporter of unbridled capitalism and marxism. 
bechara boutros al-rahi

bechara boutros al-rahi is the 77th maronite patriarch of antioch. he is also the head of the maronite church and was made the cardinal on 24th november 2012 by the pope benedict xvi.
boutros al-rahi has often supported and shown deep interest for love and communion. he always strives to establish a complete and sincere dialogue with the muslim community all around the world.  for him, it is always striving to create peace and building a future together with the muslims through common life and cooperation. 
as per him, his predecessors struggled often with the insistence for freeing both the national decision making and the land of lebanon. but he is striving to work for the reconciliation in the mount lebanon and work on the church reforms. 
ravi shankar

ravi shankar is a famous spiritual leader and guru in india. often referred to as ‘sri sri’ or gurudev or guruji, he started the art of living foundation in 1981. this is a volunteer-based ngo that provides social support to various people. he established the geneva-based charity organization called the international assocation for human values in 1997. the basic work of this charity agency was to engage in relief work and rural development. also, it aims to foster a global value all around the world. 
according to shankar, spirituality is what enhances human values like compassion, love, enthusiasm, etc. he feels that it is not limited to a single religion or custom. it is open to all people. in addition, he even feels that spirituality and science are compatible as well as linked, where both springs from the basic urge to know. 
jaggi vasudev

simply and often referred to as sadhguru, jaggi vasudev is an indian mystic, yogi and a prolific author. he started the isha foundation which is a non-profit organization that provides yoga programs all around the world. through his foundation, he is involved in environmental and educational initiatives and even social outreach. 
as an author of multiple books, most of them have appeared in the new york times best seller list pertaining to the various categories like religion, health, faith and spirituality. in 2017, he was conferred with the padma vibhushan which is considered as one of the highest awards given by the indian government for his extensive contribution in the field of spirituality. 
the above five universal religious figures are famous not only for the religious positions they hold. they have made a great change in the lives of various people and are striving to make the world a better place to live. 


updated: october 23, 2019categories: famous figures, religion & spiritualitytags: famous religious figures 



hillsong and “modern” christianity

july 2, 2019october 23, 2019 brad harrison 



 
hillsong which has been pejoratively referred to as a “hipster megachurch” is one of a handful of large christian churches that utilize modern forms of online media and social media to connect with and attract a younger demographic. carl lentz is a pastor who gained some attention for being the pastor of justin bieber. without sharing an opinion, check out the video below to get an idea of the experience of “modern christianity.”





updated: october 23, 2019categories: famous figures, religion & spirituality, religion online 



who is alexis ohanian of reddit fame?

january 19, 2019may 13, 2021 brad harrison 



 
alexis ohanian is an internet businessman and is well known in the online world and outside as the founder of reddit a unique social news website. he was an inborn entrepreneur and has co-founded a series of other sites like initialized capital, travel website hipmunk social venture breadpig and has been a partner at y combinator too. with such a huge internet experience it was quite obvious that he could take his newest website reddit to such great heights such that he was often considered the guru of internet. 
alexis ohanian graduated from university of virginia in commerce and history and joined his friend steve huffman and developed an idea mymobilemenu to y combinator. this was successful and soon after the duo went on to launch reddit.com for the very objective to make it the front page of the internet. 
returning to reddit and other investments
in the year 2005, reddit joined a set of startups but in the very next year the company was acquired by conde nast. the actual amount was not heard but it was rumored to run into several million dollars. yet alexis ohanian continued to serve the company by remaining as one of the board of directors. but not to let go of his company he and huffman again took the lead of the company in the year 2015. in 2018 he became more engaged with his investments and other entrepreneurship. 
but alexis kerry ohanian as he was known in official circles wasn’t in any way a laggard when it came to investing in a series of websites and internet. in the year 2007, he launched breadpig and started producing usually marketed products and its profits eventually went to charity. even after having left reddit in 2010 ohanian worked in micro-finance business in armenia. he also launched travel website hipmunk during this period. 
in 2010 ohanian again launched another venture by name of das kapital capitat that was mainly for start up investing and consultation services. during this time he was named ‘ambassador of the east’ during the initial stage of y combinator and became its full time partner. during this time he also co-founded initialized capital too. 
it was during his tenure at initialized capital that he made series of investments in start ups. this included instacart, zenefits, opendoor and cruise. in this particular field of internet operation he became the unrivalled leader in the overall breadth of connections that his company had over the rest of the network players. all his ventures were synonymous with quality and in this too he rivaled most other stalwarts of the day. 
open internet and marriage with serena williams
in the year ohanian was in the forefront of open internet activities and was successful in overturning two bills that were against it. he was soon acclaimed as the top most activist whose words counted even among the political elitist as well as for championing causes of free internet or net neutrality. he was declared as mayor of internet by forbes for this very cause. 
somewhere around the period 2015 ohanian met the star woman’s tennis player serena williams. this changed his life noticeably and made him even more famous among common people that had nothing to do with internet. serena was on the top form and looked unbeatable. 
as the story goes both of them met by chance at cavalieri hotel in rome near the pool place. when noticing alexis ohanian sitting right near to her and her friends she at first felt annoyed, but later on asked him whether he would like to join them. he accepted at once. soon enough they were both found dating and in the year 2016 serena found herself pregnant and they both decided to get married. it is said that he proposed to her on the very place they first met and that is at rome near to the pool of the hotel.
their romance although kept secret initially became full blown public news all over us and abroad where serena had innumerous fans. they both carry on their own careers although they put out enough time to be together as ohanian always travelled and serena was fully focused on her play.
currently, they live at beverly hills, california, along with their daughter, olympia. 
about reddit

alexis ohanian obsession was reddit and it was instrumental in what he is today. through reddit he became known all over by internet users. it was rating cum discussion website and had generous following. a person needs to be registered member to be able to post text, add links and images for the content. the format is a derivative of forums like tnaboard and other large user base forum sites. 
the posts by members are organized according to subject and these are uploaded into user created boards. these boards are called ‘subreddits’. these cover essentially any topic that one can think of. everything is first user moderated along with being moderated by reddit moderators. 
currently, reddit stands as no 5 among top most visited site in us and is still growing. 




updated: may 13, 2021categories: famous figures, religion onlinetags: what is reddit?, who is alexis ohanion? 



famous figures of the tech industry

november 5, 2018october 29, 2019 brad harrison 



 
technology is growing and improving rapidly daily. each day there is some new technology buzzing the market and people going gaga behind it. with so many tech leaders out there, it’s quite tricky to tell who are famous technologists and who is not. because we all use different kinds of technologies every single day from hookup apps to online retailers and everything in between, and let us be honest, these are not made by the same company. famous technologists include bill gates, the founder of our old is gold microsoft, jeff bezos, the founder of alexa, steve jobs the inventor of iphone… the list goes on and on. here is a list of the some of the famous figures of the tech industry till date:

jeff bezos: this famous tech founder is trying to change the lifestyle of ordinary people. his technological masterpiece alexa is changing the ways of shopping, and how people interact with their belongings like the car, doors, windows, and a.c., this is the pinnacle of creativity.elon musk: elon musk, another famous tech founder has proved that electric cars are far better than technical vehicles. with the right use of artificial intelligence and big data, he has invented driverless cars that work via cloud networks. this has to lead to a new beginning in the field of robotic vehicles.mark zuckerberg: without this famous tech founder, there would be no facebook and hence no social media networks: without which life would be no fun. people would not be able to be connected as they are right now. facebook can be used for uploading important stuff, knowing unheard news and lots more

tim cook: this man- a famous tech founder- is the ceo of apple.inc. he is the mastermind behind bringing the technology into our very pockets: the iphone. today everybody uses an iphone. cook has revolutionized the way people see and use technology. bill gates: the mastermind behind microsoft company. one of the most famous tech founders. without microsoft, there would be no amazon, and hence no business. so kudos to bill gates for making our lives more convenient.virginia rometty: she is the chairman and ceo of the ibm company. she is the first woman to lead the company and has skyrocketed to the top.david karp: the founder and ceo of tumblr, which is one of the best sites for graphical blogging. tumblr is a place to express and discover yourself, and bond over the stuff which you love. it’s where your interests connect you with the people.

jack dorsey: jack dorsey is the founder of twitter, one of the biggest microblogging sites on the face of the internet which is used by millions of people every month including important personalities and also celebrities.john chambers: john chambers is the chairman and ceo of cisco company, he joined cisco in the year 1991. cisco systems is one of the world’s largest networking equipment providers.larry page: larry page is the co-founder and ceo of one of the largest and popular company existing on the internet, google. 


updated: october 29, 2019categories: famous figurestags: famous figures in tech, famous tech people 












february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jul
 
 


recent posts


kanye west’s new promotion of christianity


famous religious figures today


hillsong and “modern” christianity


who is alexis ohanian of reddit fame?


famous figures of the tech industry


categories

famous figures

religion & spirituality

religion online


tagsfamous figures in tech
famous religious figures
famous tech people
what is reddit?
who is alexis ohanion?
archives

july 2020
october 2019
july 2019
january 2019
november 2018

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org








free wordpress themes















