








eternal life ministries - reformed/calvinistic & puritan resources











     






















puritan gem: "the pleasures arising from a right understanding of the divine testimonies are of the most delightful order; earthly enjoyments are utterly contemptible if compared with them. the sweetest joys, yea, the sweetest of the sweetest falls to his portion who has god's truth to be his heritage." —charles spurgeon  [more puritan gems]










 search our site


what's 
                        new


about 
                        us


books
                        & articles


pink gems

doctrines of
                        grace

contemporary
                        issues

devotional
                        helps


puritan
                        prayers


inspirational
                        quotes


inspirational
                        poems













recommended resourcesat our sovereign graceaudio treasures site
 christ: the hidden treasureby albert n. martin

the divine antidote to sexual impurityby albert n.  martin

"what is your life?"by samuel waldron



live recordings from the trinity hymnal


today'spuritan audiodevotionalby grace gems




disclaimer: while we seek to provide the very best resources, the inclusion of a resource does not mean every statement therein is endorsed.









precious bible promises (audio—kjv)
compiled by samuel clarke, d.d.

hundreds of scripture quotations read meditatively with beautiful background music. designed as a handbook to help with life's myriad trials and troubles, this book is certain to provide peace of mind and comfort with any problems to surface. thomas watson said, "no honey is so sweet—as that which drops from a promise! the promises are the support of faith, the springs of joy, and the saints' royal charter." charles spurgeon said concerning this book, "it is my treasure-house, next to the bible the most valuable indeed, because it is all scripture." over 6 hours of listening. [go]

the divine antidote to sexual impurity
albert n. martin

there was a time when sexual impurity was rare and frowned upon in our nation. now it has not only become acceptable but encouraged. there are a number of reasons for this, but a primary one is pornography. in the 90s, the floodgates were opened for pornography on the internet, as there were virtually no restrictions and access became easy for everyone. in 2016, reliable statistics said it was viewed regularly in america by 76% of people ages 18-24 and 68% of church-going men. pornography is addictive, progressive, and deadly. it is destroying marriages, families, lives, and if persisted in will result in damnation (1 cor. 6:9-10 cf. matt. 5:28). therefore, there is a great need for this series by albert n. martin. it can be useful not only for those who are involved in sexual sin, but also for those who are seeking to retain sexual purity and minister to others.
  [go]

perseverance in a lawless age
albert n. martin

we live in what the bible describes as a lawless age, an age of many opportunities and yet great dangers for the believer. as believers, when we feel the horrific pressure of the abounding lawlessness around us, here is balm for our souls: "he who endures to the end shall be saved." albert n. martin expounds this truth with special application made to those who use the internet. [go]

the fear of god
albert n. martin

there was a time when even the unconverted would refer to a christian as a "god fearing man." with this theme so prominently and frequently mentioned throughout the scripture—both old and new testaments—it is regrettable that in our day it can be rare for a sermon to be preached on this most important topic, let alone an entire series. these messages therefore are much welcomed and a "must hear" for sheep who desire a masterful, "meat-of-the-word" treatment of this weighty subject.  [go]

full color gospel tract
how to be sure

we live in a day when multitudes have been assured they are saved because they have walked an aisle, said "the sinner's prayer" or signed a decision card; yet they show none of the signs of being born again that are given in god's word.  christ said, "except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of god" (john 3:3). therefore, assurance of regeneration is essential in order to have assurance of salvation. this tract shows from god's word the urgent need for assurance and what changes will take place in the lives of those who have been born again. [go]

full color poem tract
down life's path

"down life's path" depicts the vanity and consequences of seeking happiness in the things of the world and gives the only solution, which is faith in christ. not only can this tract be useful for witnessing to unbelievers but also for encouraging believers. it serves as a reminder of the happiness they have in christ, which is often needed in a world filled with sorrow. the poem "assurance" is included so that people will know what changes to expect in their lives when they have saving faith. [go]

note: we currently are not offering printed copies of these tracts, but you may print your own, or you can purchase them from local church publishing. if you are shy or reserved and find it difficult to pass out tracts, please see our tract distribution tips.














                    
				 	



google custom search (enter author, topic, word, or phrase)

note: we do not control or endorse all the ads in the search results
                                        
contact us | link
                        to us | e-mail this page







 