

















realtycentral.com















































 

























		skip to content	



 




realtycentral.com
the central resource for south florida real estate








    menu	
for sale
new construction
due diligence
equal housing opportunity

  
			scroll down to content		








posts




   
posted on january 27, 2025january 27, 2025real estate today 


 







welcome to realtycentral.com – the central resource for online real estate in southeast florida.



december 2024 housing market conditions summary for broward county florida
real estate inventory for december 2024 in broward county is up 33% year over year for single family and up 62% year over year for townhouse/condos with median sale prices increasing by 8.8% to $620,000 for single family and increasing by 3% to $283,250 for townhouse/condo sales for the same period.
broward re stats 12-2024
broward market focus december 2024

december 2024 housing market conditions summary for palm beach county florida
real estate inventory for december 2024 in palm beach county is up 23% year over year for single family and up 48% year over year for townhouse/condos with median sale prices increasing by 7.3% to $622,500 for single family and increasing by 4.1% to $317,500 for townhouse/condo sales for the same period.
palm beach re stats 12-2024
palm beach market focus december 2024

december 2024 housing market conditions summary for miami-dade county florida
real estate inventory for december 2024 in miami-dade county is up 25% year over year for single family and up 46% year over year for townhouse/condos with median sale prices increasing by 11% to $6750,000 for single family and increasing by 4.9% to $430,000 for townhouse/condo sales for the same period.
miami-dade re stats 12-2024
miami market focus december 2024

list your rental property today with corporate housing by owner. if you’re a homeowner or a property manager looking to market your rental apartment or home, you’ve come to the right place! simply join the chbo community and get your property in front of thousands of potential high-quality renters each day.








posted on february 3, 2025february 3, 2025the ritz-carlton residences pompano beach 





the ritz-carlton residences, pompano beach is being developed by fortune international group and oak capital.  comprised of two striking shoreline towers designed by luis revuelta, situated on a sprawling property spanning the waterfronts – from ocean to intracoastal – the ritz-carlton residences, pompano beach represent a singular offering, giving homeowners direct access to both a private beach club and private yacht club.  construction is underway – if you need an update on the progress call 754.273.6389 or email realtycentral for showings and more details.  realtycentral is a florida licensed real estate brokerage.   check out the latest pictures of construction progress updated in february  2025.





				2-3-25 at the ritz carlton residence – pompano under construction
				




				1-31-25 at the ritz carlton residence – pompano under construction
				




				1-29-25 at the ritz carlton residence – pompano under construction
				




				1-28-25 at the ritz carlton residence – pompano under construction
				




				1-27-25 at the ritz carlton residence – pompano under construction
				




				1-25-25 at the ritz carlton residence – pompano under construction
				




				1-11-25 at the ritz carlton residence – pompano under construction
				




				1-5-25 at the ritz carlton residence – pompano under construction
				




				1-3-25 at the ritz carlton residence – pompano under construction
				


the marina tower balcony
the marina tower sundowners bar
call 754.273.6389 or email realtycentral for showings and more details.  realtycentral is a florida licensed real estate brokerage.








posted on may 2, 2024may 2, 20242024 real estate blockchain update 





2024 real estate blockchain update





the transformation of the real estate industry with blockchain initiatives continues to be an active sector. the growth of defi in financing  has added to the demand for blockchain solutions involving real estate assets and transactions.
from the tokenization of real estate assets to smart contracts that automate agreements, the technology of blockchain is finding a home with innovative platforms such as roofstock, honeybricks and dibscaptial offering an array of real estate solutions.











 








posted on april 2, 2022april 11, 20222000 ocean by enrique norten 





2000 ocean by enrique norten
64 boutique residences starting at $3.3 million.  now open move-in ready.  by appointment only. 
call 754.273.6389 or email realtycentral for showings and more details.  realtycentral is a florida licensed real estate brokerage.
2000 ocean by enrique norten








posted on march 3, 2022march 13, 20222022 realty blockchain update 


 


the year has started out with splashy headlines about real estate cryptocurrency sales.  the real exciting news is the progress being made in the realty industry in the utilization and use of blockchain and distributed ledgers in settling transactions.
the successful sale of a florida home for $653,163 worth of etherum used the propy real estate platform to manage the transaction and mint the nft on a blockchain system.  one of the goals of creating a non-fungible token for real estate is to give more flexibility and liquidity to the asset by having a digital representation that can be easily traded, fractionalized, and verified.  in addition, the ability to create smart contracts can facilitate leasing and sales agreements while reducing overall transaction costs.
here at realtycentral.com we are eagerly watching this transformation of the industry and the cost benefits it will bring to businesses and consumers alike.




posted on september 7, 2018september 10, 2018trading and lending on the blockchain 

turning real estate into a digital asset that is easily traded is the dream of many with a recent venture of intercontinental exchange called bakkt bringing that dream a step closer to reality.  bakkt is making great strides towards securitizing tokens and bringing institutional financial exchange power to the cryptocurrency market. with lofty goals of offering a federally regulated market for bitcoin, this is a player to watch.
depository trust and clearing corporation in new york city, a company that operates as a third party in the business of securities trading, has plans to begin recording $11 trillion worth of credit default swaps in late 2018.
fund manager mark yusko, chief executive and chief investment officer of morgan creek capital management, recently announced his firm’s partnership with bitwise, a manager that offers cryptocurrency indexes and index funds, to launch the digital asset index fund. the fund’s minimum investment is $50,000. it tracks a new index: the morgan creek bitwise digital asset index (mcbdai).
decentralized margin trading and lending platforms utilizing blockchain tech are starting to make entrances into the market with offerings from the bzx and makerdao communities already generating buzz.




posted on september 6, 2018september 10, 2018smart contracts on the distributed ledger 


 


enabling real estate related smart contracts utilizing a blockchain will change the nature of escrow, contracts, title, deeds and other property records lessening the reliance on traditional closing services and hopefully provide needed monetary relief at the closing table.  a daunting task indeed. thankfully, the challenge has been taken up by several players in the emerging distributed ledger tech field with new entrants seeming to pop up every other week.
an interesting use case was featured in a recent story on bitcoinmagazine.com about a new york based company doing real estate commission splits utilizing the zap.org smart contract platform. baby steps, but promising.
another exciting player in the realty blockchain business is propy with their offering of international properties being purchased and sold integrating blockchain tech to secure the transaction and facilitate cross-border payments.




posted on september 6, 2018march 5, 2022how to buy cryptocurrency 


 






we recommend coinbase for your first foray into a cryptocurrency exchange with the added bonus and caveat that they have an affiliate link offering free bitcoin to both parties for referrals.  our first trades on their platform went smoothly and the smartphone apps they offer are easy to use and navigate. at the time of this writing, coinbase had 5 different cryptocurrencies trading that included bitcoin, bitcoin cash, ethereum, ethereum classic and litecoin with rumors of more alt coins coming to the platform soon. to get started trading requires linking a bank account or debit card.  not all financial institutions are keen on losing customers to cryptocurrency and some have been known to shut user accounts and deny access to crypto-exchanges. to avoid this, we decided to set up a fee free online banking account with the added benefit of lowering some transaction fees that come with moving money around. after looking at our options, we chose online banker simple due to many factors including no fees, atm access and their easy to use mobile apps; they also offer a $20 referral to both parties for the first purchase made on their debit card.  one more service we are in the process of evaluating is the robinhood investment platform that is now offering trading in cryptocurrencies. in addition to offering a free stock for signups on referral, they have a sleek looking smartphone app that makes investing in stocks and cryptocurrency seem less intimidating somehow.








posted on august 27, 2018june 8, 2020proptech 





 exploring proptech, artificial intelligence and blockchain technologies for real estate applications.
how does ai and blockchain apply to real estate you might ask?  after an in-depth look at the emerging technologies surrounding machine learning and distributed ledger solutions, the short answer is it has the potential to lower costs, shorten timeframes and streamline a market that has many built in inefficiencies.   from international transaction settlements to title issues, predictive and blockchain related services aim to revolutionize the process of buying and selling real estate to the advantage of businesses and consumers alike in an industry that has been historically protective of it’s entitled stakeholders.
an interesting real estate blockchain service out of switzerland called brikbit is busy defining an ecosystem for real estate digital assets utilizing the lisk platform to enable real estate projects to create their own blockchain as a brikbit sidechain.   an upcoming october ico for their brik token will help gauge the current market sentiment for this cutting edge tech.
on the leading edge of utilizing artificial intelligence for the commercial real estate industry is skyline ai and its innovative group of engineers and data science pros who are hard at work integrating traditional and alternative data sources to streamline the investment decision process with data driven objective insights.  whew – didn’t think i would get all that out.  what a challenge.  
helping to further the goal of real estate on the blockchain, we give props to the international blockchain real estate association for their sponsored events and extensive resource of videos from prior conferences. thanks ibrea.
 










top news


the ritz-carlton residences pompano beach


real estate today


2024 real estate blockchain update


2000 ocean by enrique norten


2022 realty blockchain update






			search for:		


  
		search	

 fl realtor newscreating powerful chatgpt promptsmultifamily developer confidence mixed in q4 2024fed seeks clarity before next rate cuts reddit – real estatewant to become an agent - what to do?buying a home but the septic inspection failed in new hampshire. now seller wants to fix but increase price by 60kbuying a house but can’t get insurance, now what? reddit – commercial remonthly “subscription” type lease structure for retail centerlease management software for a retail group? looking for recommendations!office space for rent - 831 broadway, newark, new jersey, nj - great location. zillow newssellers ramp up price cuts to woo struggling buyerssingle-family rents reach record high, 20% above apartmentsbuffalo thunders back as zillow's hottest market for 2025 cornell re reviewfulton market: a modern push towards the 15-minute cityreal estate development in the u.a.e:  adding to the architectural and cultural fabric of sharjahsummer 2022 real estate internship experiences housing wire newsindependence home loans hires gil arbitsman as cfofinal offer acquires off-market listings platform private collectiondesantis wants to ban property taxes in florida inman newsmergers and acquisitions likely to dominate real estate in 2025judges zero in on key question in rex’s appeal against zillow, nartake the inman intel index survey for february realtor news






new home spotlight   

homeowner approved



for information and showings realtycentral.com llc
licensed real estate broker
phone: 754.273.6389

 


twitter  
linkedin  
pinterest  
facebook  
youtube  
instagram  
tumblr  
 

privacy policy – dmca 
		proudly powered by wordpress	





















































































































































































