











big red barn rv park | carthage, missouri






















                    book now
                





give us a call
417.358.2432








 






 



home


about the park


gallery

 

things to do


shop our goods


contact

 








 



it's better at the barn!





come join us!





rest & relaxation
just around the corner




no plane, train or truck noise





we are waiting to welcome you












a site







the park







near us







our goods




 



welcome to the
big red barn rv park

carthage, missouri, is home to the big red barn rv park located just off the historic route 66. whether you are looking to stay a night or two, or even a week,  or month big red barn rv park can add the r & r to your trip. catch a movie at the drive-in movie theatre, visit the beautiful county courthouse, or stay for the annual maple leaf festival. all the amenities you need are right here waiting for you. come on over. we’d love to have you here. 













things to do
in our area

								out for a day trip? just passing through? carthage, missouri, is a great family destination for you and your family. stay and watch a movie at one of the few remaining drive-in movie theatres in the united states. you can also visit the precious moments park and the world's largest precious moments gift shop. for the history buff in the family, the carthage civil war museum has all the information and artifacts of the civil war battle of carthage and the civil war in southwest missouri. make big red barn rv park and carthage, missouri, part of your memories.  
view activities


































need help
finding us?

from i-44: take exit 18, for carthage, head north on i-49 for approximately 3 miles to the garrison ave exit on the right. take an immediate right onto grand, following south back along the highway's outer road for 7/10 mile. take a left on elm rd, go 3/10th mile to the park entrance.from north i-49: take exit 50, for hh hwy/fir rd, turn left heading east for 7/10 mile past mcdonald's, lowes, and walmart. turn right onto s. grand ave at the stoplight, go 3/10 mile to the first left. the road will turn south, following i-49. in 7/10th mile, turn left on elm rd, go 3/10 mile to the park entrance.  
get directions


view our
5-day forecast

									southwest missouri has four great seasons every year.  here is a look at how the next five days are looking!								

carthage weather
















the big red barn rv park



physical & mailing address:
5089 county lane 138
carthage, mo 64836 

for gps purposes:
13625 elm road
carthage, mo 64836 







 


 2025 the big red barn rv park | built by visionamp web design



 















