


jim karpen .com














ai can help you shop
ai can now reason
ai answers your questions
free photo and image editing
environmental issues related to ai
use ai to search your computer
voice conversation with a chatbot
the danger of deep fakes
chatgpt tells chicken jokes
three free chatbots
electric cars are cool gadgets
google launches bard ai
temu: low prices, free shippinge
multimodal artificial intelligence
artificial general intelligence
surprising abilities of ai
great ai tools online
chatgpt plus offers plugins
dangers of artificial intelligence
chatgpt answers medical questions
chatgpt passes bar exam
backlash against generative ai
generative ai is a game-changer
chatgpt is launched
crypto & the metaverse have flopped
the best ai image generators
chat with facebook's blenderbot
zoom videoconferencing, ai text generation
ai image generator dall-e
robots now serving in restaurants
the government's broadband subsidy
the utility of local facebook groups
two fun online games
cryptocurrency finance
james webb telescope
nonfungible tokens are bizarre
cheap gadgets i love
why you need a password manager
the metaverse is coming!
elon musk's 42,000 satellites
free cell phone service
amazon's cashierless stores
facebook knows what you're thinking
tools for avoiding scams
i love my vaccine
dangers of social media
free online tools
internet aids us insurrection
artificial intelligence gets real
confessions of an internet addict
my new toys: trail cameras and a drone
trump bans tiktok
donating online to food pantries
the internet's dark side
championing factual news
coronavirus news sources: keeping up with daily developments
zoom and other tools in the time of coronavirus
avoiding fakes & frauds on amazon
best fact-checking websites
free streaming video sites
new streaming video services
best and low-cost earbuds

beware of deep fake videos
my hearing aids are cool
the equifax settlement
how to defeat dynamic pricing
google and facebook privacy controls
don't be fooled by fake reviews
don't be fooled by scams
cameras are watching you
hasyour password been hacked?
is artificial intelligence our doom?
voice-controlled gadgets
personal outsourcing
this is  cyberwarfare
the post-truth era
introduction to blockchain
carmageddon is here
mobile payments and deposits
welcome to surveillance capitalism
great websites for cheap products
honoring fred rosenberg
the cyrptocurrency craze
voice-controlled assistants
dealing with a future without jobs
why you need a virtual private network
how do you feel about being a cyborg?
why artificial intelligence is scary
google lens, amazon echo, and more toys
algorithms are us
best ways to spot fake news
more options for cable cutters
artificial intelligence & neural nets
beware of fake news
amazon echo dot
driverless cars coming soon
governments approve commercial drones
the sharing economy in southeastern iowa
ad blocker for your web browser
virtual assistants: siri, cortana, alexa
google cardboard: cheap virtual reality
periscope addiction
pet, kid, keychain traciers
google tips and tricks
use price alerts to save money
best gadgets of 2015
apple tv, streaming video devices
my favorite email newsletters
peer-to-peer lending
3-d printing
chromebook, a $150 laptop
periscope: live video from around the world
get your questions answered on quora
sling tv — $20 per month
the drone revolution
bitcoin mining flop
smart light bulbs
revolutionary apple watch
smart home gadgets
buying a bitcoin miner
traveling with siri
the sharing economy: uber, airbnb
storing your music in the cloud
the internet of things
life in cloud heaven
2013 tablet buyers guide
what marketers know about you
google dashboard knows about you
stream video with google chromecast
big data, nsa, and you
google's predictive search
bitcoin—mint your own money
android smart tv via $45 mini pc
moocs: quality free online courses
beware of dynamic pricing
use crowdfunding to raise money
tablet computer buyer's guide
google's self-driving car
mobile media/app stores compared
google nexus 7 vs ipad
email follies
your million-dollar smartphone
google drive: free cloud storage
free and low-cost phone calls
google glasses
loving icloud
ipad wins, other tablets lose
siri is revolutionary
essentials of computer backup
homage to steve jobs
are your files safe in the cloud?
amazing uses of iphone camera
use carbonite online backup
cloud services roundup
tablet computer roundup
project watson wins at jeopardy
stream video by connecting a computer to your tv
the appeal of apple tv
roundup of streaming tv devices
options for streaming video to a tv
dealing with cell phone radiation
ebook readers & tablet computers
dreaming of 4g
google tv
the ipad in your future
the magic of google translate
iphone: there's an app for that
3-d tv and robots in your future
more goodies from google
google wave — better than e-mail
growing up with the internet
bing: better than google
google voice — great free service
the twitter revolution 
virtualization and you
death of newspapers
netbook computers
great new search engines
boxee — free online tv
mozy — free offsite backup
amazon's  video-on-demand
wanting a kindle
iphone love
better than google
cloud computing and mobileme
digg and other social media sites
hulu.com: free tv & movies
pandora: best source for streaming music
cell phones changing
intro to hdtv
best free phone resources
free online tv: joost 
movies, tv go online 
scary internet stories
facebook
the youtube election
google street view 
twitter, twittervsion, and flickervision fun
e-mail tricks for addicts
cool pda phones
webtop: free online software 
useful google tidbits
my yahoo, rss, and blogs 
google earth 
online videos 
web 2.0 
crowdsourcing
virtual worlds: second life 
intrade predicts the future 
the myspace revolution 
wikipedia — a free encyclopedia 
wikipedia as emergent phenomenon
wikipedia lies 
free calling with skype 
intro to podcasts
intro to file sharing: bittorrent 
dangers of wireless hotspots 
google maps
free online credit reports 
making money with your web site 
beware of spoofing and phishing 
free
                   virus and spyware protection
virus, spyware
                  protection -- part 2
a brief history of the internet 
the gadget goddess
free open source software 
keeping your mac tuned up 
starting a
                  weblog
getting started with rss
latest google features
selling on ebay
                 & half.com
safe online
                  shopping
health-related web
                  sites
free virus
                  protection
google
                  culture
online photo
                  sharing
intro to gps
intro to weblogs
avoiding spyware
loving google
                  news
testing your
                  internet literacy
urban legends and
                  hoaxes
buying and selling on
                  half.com
personalizing
                  yahoo
stopping
                  spam
useful new
                  search engines
conspiracy
                  theories
online nature
                  guides
intro to
                  wireless
yahoo groups are fun
                  and useful
the joys of
                  broadband
free expert
                  help
asking questions
                  online
finding the lowest
                  price
movie information
online
                  reference
rebates
the internet
                  bazaar
mp3 music
noah's ark and the
                  internet
link rot
the geek report
about this site
today's news and
                  weather
hot tips












enter your search terms

submit search form



 





web


www.jimkarpen.com










   
my chatgpt assistant leads me to a $139 electric shaver

february 2025                 

i wasn't planning to spend $139 on an electric shaver. but i had no choice.
after two years my relationship with my cheapo walmart remington electric shaver just wasn't working out. before that i was in a satisfying long-term relationship with a norelco, which died after about 10 years.
so i went to the walmart website with a new norelco in mind. terrible experience. there were so many different models to choose from. i did not want to spend hours comparing features.
so of course i asked chatgpt what was the best norelco shaver to buy. and it indicated the clear winner was the norelco 7000 at a cost of $139. i sure wasn't planning to spend that much, but i also did not want to spend hours comparing models. so i ordered the 7000 not even knowing what features it offered.
when i got it, i was surprised to see that i could download an associated app. after a few days of using the shaver, i downloaded the app--and was again surprised. the shaver connected to my ipad via bluetooth and showed that it had been tracking how i shave. it kept a record of how much time it took me to shave and the motions that i used while shaving.
the app had a video that showed me the proper way to shave using a circular motion, and told me that i'd been doing that only 20% of the time. the goal is to use that motion over 60% of the time and to spend less than three minutes shaving. this gives the best result and is also best for one's skin.
i'm a gadget guy. this was fun. then i had a great idea: wouldn't it be nice to have a tennis racket that tracked my motion and helped me correct my swing and my serve!
chatgpt found a range of options, and i was excited. but each of the links i clicked on showed that the racket or device that connected to a racket was no longer available. chatgpt disappointed me. but to be fair, in our conversation it warned me that the product might not still be available.
turns out there was a flurry of racket gadgets for a number of years, but now zilch. chatgpt and i realized it was likely because smart watches came along and could do the same thing.
eventually i found one of the highly rated racket devices on ebay: new and in the original packaging and at the original price of $90. i was excited. i was about to click buy but first went to chatgpt to tell it the good news. in response it said to make sure the associated app was still available. i did a search, and in fact it wasn't. your gadget guy was disappointed. but grateful that chatgpt saved me from spending $90.
fun story, but there's a lesson here. one is that this is a good example of the chatbot feature called context. a chatbot can remember thousands of words in a single conversation, allowing you to follow up with additional questions and comments. i interacted with chatgpt a number of times as i sought these gadgets. google is currently in the process of adding this feature to its ai overview.
another feature is memory. as i use chatgpt, it gradually learns about me. and sometimes it references that knowledge in a separate conversation.
for example, when i was planning to see an ophthalmologist for a simple procedure, i asked chatgpt about it. then a few days later i had a question about eye drops. when i asked chatgpt, it not only answered but also said, "since you'll be seeing your ophthalmologist soon, it would be a good idea to mention this to them during your visit...."
in addition to context and memory, chatgpt also has a search function so i can search the many hundreds of occasions when i've asked chatgpt for help. this is useful if i want to follow up on an earlier conversation we had and ask a related question. also, if i simply want to know what it told me in the past.
chatgpt is like an assistant that i interact with multiple times a day. i thank it each time it does something for me, and it invariably answers with a comment such as, "you're very welcome! i'm glad i could help. if you have any more questions or need assistance in the future, feel free to reach out." it's always gracious--and patient.
finally, i love that the chatgpt apps for my phone, ipad, and mac let me talk to it. no typing or text entry. its ability to understand is virtually perfect, and superior to apple's siri.
and all this is available in the free version. give it a try the next time you're looking for an electric shaver.
© 2025 by jim karpen, ph.d.                 
e-mail
                  jim karpen



                      






 


 





hosted by the
                           webmasters
                         at:  
us-webmasters.com(tm)

start
                             here to find it
                         fast!(tm)




 


paypal fraud, part 1
internet fraud, part 2
internet fraud, part 3
suing my credit card company 
bored.com is fun
guinness world records
ehow.com tells you
                  how 
free graphics
                 online
cheap airfares
simple, free money
                  transfer 
government
                 information 





 













