






the solution site | k-12 education information



































home
k-12 education

k-12 basics
reforms
top us schools


the discussion

global trends
hybrid education
technology & automation
online education
statistics


about us
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 











welcome to the solution site
understand the current education model in usa.












welcome to the solution site
understand the current education model in usa.











a few words about the solution website
the solution website is a complete encyclopedia when it comes to the educational dynamics of the usa. we not only educate you regarding the educational environment of the usa but also provide you with all the key information regarding some of the best schools in the region.

about us



an investment in knowledge pays the best interest.








join our newsletter




success!



first name



last name



email





join us
















featured articles and blog posts











will technology take over teachers

by the solution site | november 27, 2019 | k-12 education, technology & automation, the discussion, the solution site | 0 commentsas an adult, do you remember... 
view more 








ways in which technology will change education in 2019

by the solution site | july 4, 2019 | technology & automation, the solution site | 0 commentsa brand-new year brings new... 
view more 








technology will make some courses irrelevant in ten years

by the solution site | march 1, 2018 | technology & automation, the discussion | 0 commentsthe machines and the robots... 
view more 








a review of the top k-12 schools in the united states of america

by the solution site | december 6, 2017 | k-12 education, the solution site, top us schools | 0 commentsas parents, we all want the... 
view more 










transitional grades
sixth grade and ninth grade are especially challenging years.






curriculums
smaller class sizes where interpersonal connections between students and adults are fostered






personalized counselors
counselors who work more like individualized case managers and build relationships with their students.






high school reform
high schools with a talent development program and a success academy in ninth-grade which provides concentrated social and academic support












will technology take over teachers
nov 27, 2019 | k-12 education, technology & automation, the discussion, the solution siteas an adult, do you remember being much dependent on technology for your education? not much, because although technologies were getting advanced, you were not taught lessons with a video or slideshow, but by your parents – tutors and the teachers at the educational...




ways in which technology will change education in 2019
jul 4, 2019 | technology & automation, the solution sitea brand-new year brings new and improved technological changes. say hello to 2019! technology has brought about positive changes in every sector. whether it is banking, agriculture or even education, technology makes everything fall in place! speaking specifically of...




technology will make some courses irrelevant in ten years
mar 1, 2018 | technology & automation, the discussionthe machines and the robots are taking over. with its share of pros and cons, technology is ushering in a new wave of future that cannot be ignored. it changes lifestyles and professions. a notable example can be that earlier we had handlooms which got evolved into...












present reforms and of the future








stem program
this reform investigates methods of calculating classroom subject material and procedures in the common core state standards








school choice
parents need information about the educational lessons, amenities, and the school climate to make informed decisions








leadership
the every student succeeds act provides states and districts with fresh opportunities to provide for school leadership









streaming services of 2022






brattysis – controversial project that brought a lot of attention to sexual relations between step-family memebrs (especially sisters). with this fantasy mateiral you can experience what it’s like to have frustrated and naive step-sister. 




college rules – all about college past-time activities. we all know it’s not books and education. see this raw footage showing what kind of troubles young girls and guys get themselves into!

stream college rules



mommysboy – revolution of stepmoms is here. they take education into their hands and teach these silly boys how to become selfconfident and turn into a real man. controversial? yes. making a change? definitely! mommysboy shows that real experience in life comes with age.




filthy family – when it comes to step family fun there is no better place than this. the never ending stories of family adventures. no matter the relationship!

stream filthy family




devilsfilm – founded in 1997 this studio has been known for bringing us the very best of adult entertainment within specific range of genres. if you are into some graphic stuff then it’s definitely the thing for you. watch all the newest installments now on the official tube site.




asgmax – world’s most exciting gay entertainment now with its new home – place where all the most influential studios release their finest stuff!

stream asgmax




brazzers exxtra – expect something more from your membership to brazzers. this time it’s all about extra content in their subseries dedicated to unsorted and uncategorized kind of fun!




he’s got rizz – are you charisma levels high enough to hit up girls on streets and get lucky?

stream he's got rizz




joymii – the finest erotica from europe where romantic and sensual lovemaking scenarios are cherished to the fullest. watch couples engage in calm and delicate intercourse situations.




milfed – wisdom comes with knowledge and who knows better than moms – experienced in all aspects of life. watch them sharing their skills with younger partners in this exclusive adult’s entertainment series.









“a rich, robust, well-resourced public education is one of the best routes out of poverty and a pathway to prosperity.” 
randi weingarten



 








about us the solution site is a complete encyclopedia when it comes to the educational dynamics of the usa. we not only educate you regarding the educational environment of the usa but also provide you with all the key information regarding some of the best schools in the region.

categories

global trends

hybrid education

k-12 education

reforms

technology & automation

the discussion

the solution site

top us schools


contact us 
the solution website
555 technology drive
education, fl. 33554

random quote
education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school
— albert einstein
 



copyright 2017 thesolutionsite.com   terms &
 conditions   privacy policy      cookie policy 






















