




nlbpa.com - home









homenegro league historynews & eventsthe negro league teamsthe negro league athletesballparksnegro league artifactsboard of directorsabout nlbpaterms of uselicensing programlinks & reference






home




welcome to the official web home of thenegro league baseball players association















mission statement:  the negro league baseball players association (nlbpa) exists to honor and celebrate the significant contribution of negro  leagues players to baseball and american history, to collect and  preserve that history, to educate others so that negro league players  may be a source of pride and inspiration for generations to come, and to  support and promote the general and financial well being of former  negro leagues players.















looking for information about a former negro league baseball player?if so, then be sure to visit  the athletes  page.  you’ll find interesting biographical information about the athletes that played baseball in the negro leagues.  this section now features bio’s and photos of over 300 former negro league baseball players and we are adding more monthly.







want to know more about the teams that played in the negro leagues?then look no further than the teams page.  this section features information on over 40 different teams. we  cover teams that competed in the formal negro leagues, barnstormers and  even teams which played prior to the formal negro leagues.







have a question, news item, or a message for the other negro league fans?
try posting your questions, messages, or newsworthy items on our message board. or try visiting the links and reference page for other related web sites, books, and information resources.







learn about the ballparks which hosted negro league games
check out the artifacts page for a nice gallery of historical items, team owners, and more!
see the negro league history page for a brief review blackball history.
if you have a newsworthy item, player update, correction, or other site related topic, please feel free to contact us.
our goal is to make this the most informative negro league baseball site anywhere!










click here for more of the latestnegro league baseball news 








bill van buren, hubert glenn and big cat johnson pass away in 2007.
buck o’neil, clarence jenkins, and si simmons in october 2006
stanley glenn releases new book.
baseball hall of fame inducts 17 from negro league era
charlie johnson, gordon hopkins, and herman ‘doc’ horn pass away in june 2006
seventeen from negro leagues, pre-negro leagues elected to the hall of fame by special committee.
robert w. peterson, whose pioneering history of the negro leagues, "only the ball was white," passes away at 80.
final ballots announced for 39 former negro leaguers (and pre-negro league) for induction to national baseball hall of fame.
darby hilldales marker project news.
byron ‘mex’ johnson passes away.
ted ‘double duty’ radcliffe passes away at 103 years of age.
hall of fame approves election process for negro leagues and pre-negro leagues candidates
president bush promotes little league urban initiative.
clyde williams passes away
lyman bostock, sr. passes away
joe henry featured on espn
louis ‘sea boy’ gillis passes away.
wilmer harris passes away.
denver post article looks at in-depth statistical studies on black players prior to integration.
ray miller, connie johnson and sleepy chatman pass away.
expos moving to d.c.- mayor williams favors the name grays in homage to the negro league team. 
ted williams - read the tributes to ted along with the full text of his 1966 hall of fame inductance speech which recognized the many generations of great negro baseball players who had been deprived of the opportunity to compete in the majors.








 



site design, development and hosting by metro data, inc. | (c) 2000-2012 | 




