






































    
    sacramento property management firm with decades of experience
  
  

 














               


 916-961-7368     

 

 







       home



  available properties



  tenants


   overview



  tenant portal



  tenant faqs



  application faqs



  neighborhoods





  owners


   management services



  management info & free rent analysis



  client referral



  faqs



  owner portal



  ca tenant/owner rights





  about us


   our team



  about us



  our mission



  testimonials



  phone interview





  blog



  zip email



  contact us


   contact us



  give feedback








     
 
pay rent








    
 





          






real property management it's your property. settle for nothing less.



   free rent analysis thorough analysis of comparable properties and the current market to determine a fair market rent specifically for your property.   

learn more


 available rentals browse available rental units and search by location. homes throughout the sacramento area.   

learn more


 tenant portal tenants of horizon properties can pay rent online, login or sign up to get started.   

learn more




   horizon properties – specializing in property management are you in the market for property management in the greater sacramento area? let the company that specializes in custom service for our owners help you get the most out of your real estate investments in the sacramento valley. maybe you are looking for a new area rental home? we have properties in some of the region’s most popular neighborhoods, and provide the benefit of a responsive team that utilizes technology to improve our tenant experience. while we have a number of property types and rents to fit most budgets, we specialize in comfortable single-family homes for your enjoyment.whether you are looking for management services, need a tenant for an available property or are looking for a rental home, horizon properties is here to serve. take some time to get to know us, our available homes and our management services today, and let us help you make an informed decision about your rental needs.       



schedule a phone interview with janet
    



request a comprehensive information packet
     






hire horizon properties to manage your property

    




give feedback









      horizon properties      



 9827 fair oaks blvd, fair oaks, ca 95628, united states


     



 916-961-7368


     



 office hours:  the office is open to the public by appointment only. our hours are 9am-4:30pm monday through friday. our customer service team continues to provide excellent support via telephone, email and text.﻿



  associations & affiliations
     


  




    

 


  


  


  




    






    tenant portal
 log in
|
sign up


 owner portal
 log in
|
sign up







   cal dre broker #00948825﻿cal dre corporate #01957496


   sitemap © 2023 all rights reserved. horizon properties
 




















































































































  
  share by:









   




