





premium bean bags and bean bag chairs | filler & refill | beanbag.com





























1-937-862-7781












home


sizes


bean bag chairs for kids


large bean bag chairs


bean bag chairs for adults


giant bean bag




colors


vinyl


reds


blues


greens


yellows


browns


pink - purple


black - grey




simsuede


denim


leather


velvet


nylon




filler


videos


show room






				bean bag chair furniture unlike any others because ours last 8 to 10 years due to the way we make them! how?


































































 






 






 






 






 

 













kids
							bean bag


								104" kids
							

shop








large
							bean bags


								110" teen
							

shop









adult
						bean bag


							125" xl adult
						

shop








giant
						bean bag


							177" 2 person mega
						

shop










large
							bean bags


								110" teen
							

shop








kids
							bean bag


								104" kids
							

shop
















							in stock
							ready to ship
							or pick up at our
							factory showroom in
							dayton, ohio
						




filler / refill


								re-energize your chairs
							

shop








personalize


								by monogramming
							

shop









								manufactured in dayton, ohio
								since 1975
							


							bean bag city
							bean bag chairs,
							bean bag furniture,
							beanbag refill and filler.
						










bean bag chairs unlike any others because ours last 8 to 10 years due to the way we make them! commercial strength.




our mission 

is, was, and has always been to manufacture the strongest, longest lasting, most versatile, best looking bean bag chair, and at an affordable price.





manufacturing for 49 years

4 sizes and 70+ colors/fabrics. our most popular bean bag chair is our extra large 125" adult chair. it is very ample, big enough for most any adult as well as kids to get comfy in for a night by the fire or an intense afternoon of ball games. just kick back and relax more completely than you ever imagined because our bean bag chairs will contour itself to fit you perfectly, filling in the curves of your back and giving you ultimate support.




what makes bean bag city unique

* our bean bag materials are all commercial grade made to last and last.
						* flat felled seams means the stitches go through 4 layers of cloth, not just 2 layers, so the seams are far stronger.
						* lock stitched means that the thread will not unravel if a stitch is broken. chain stitched bean bags unravel readily if a stitch is broken.
						* the chain stitch was invented so the thread will move in the seams... not good on vinyl as the movement "saws" through the needle holes, and the chair then rips on the dotted line created by the needle holes.
						* our commercial accounts: libraries, hospitals, reading classes, doctors offices are amazed that their bean bags are doing so well even after 10 years. most other bean bags leak within a year.
						* our tops and bottoms are reinforced and triple sewn.
						* our zippers have a hideaway zipper slider so children cannot open the zipper and the slider cannot scratch your wood or tile floors.
						* the zippers in our bean bag chairs are heavy duty nylon boot zippers...not metal zippers that break.
						* we sew with color matching thread for a professional furniture look. other bean bags are sewn with clear catgut thread that is very sharp edged. sharp edged thread combined with chain stitching that "saws" in the seam is shear doom for those bean bags.




one year guarantee

because of our thicker leather like vinyl, and our true flat felled seams, multiple rows of stitching, and reinforced tops and bottoms, bean bag city offers a 1 year warranty on our bean bag chairs. for a period of one year we will guarantee all seams and workmanship from defects.




in stock - ready to ship!

orders are shipped right away the next business day with tracking numbers emailed to you. arrive in 1 to 5 days depending on your location.







home

on sale deals

about us

shipping & delivery

factory showroom

warranty

returns


privacy policy

accessibility statement
mission


contact us




							1-937-862-7781
						



					all contents copyright © 2019 bean bag city
					manufacturing bean bags since 1975!
covers@beanbag.com
					online since 1995!
				






please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


