







lokar lecarra steering wheels






























    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.




javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    

















 










productssteering wheelsretro steering wheelsstainless steering wheelsmark 4 steering wheelsmark 9 steering wheelscovico steering wheelsshifters & trans. accessoriespush button shifterscase mount shifterstail mount shifterscable operated floor mount shiftersfloor mount shifterssport mode shiftersgate shifterscolumn shiftshift knobsmanual shift leversreplacement leversshift indicatorsshift boot sets & ringsshifter conversion kitstransmission dipstickslocking transmission dipstickstransmission accessoriesthrottle & brakedrive by wire pedalsthrottle pedals & pedal padsbrake pedal padsbrake & clutch arm kitsdimmer & foot restcontrol cables & mountingthrottle cableskickdown cablescruise control cablesspeedometer cablespush/pull cablesemergency brake cablesmounting brackets & springsthrottle platesbattery disconnect kitswire & cable managementcable & wire managementcoil & plug wire managementwire & cable accessoriesemergency brakeemergency foot brakesemergency hand brakesemergency brake cablesinterior & exterior accessoriesinterior accessoriesinterior door handlesinterior door pullswindow cranksdashestrimexterior accessoriesexterior door handleslightinghood & trunkgrab handlesdial-in boardsfluid measurementtransmission dipstickslocking transmission dipsticksengine dipstickslocking engine dipsticksengine & accessoriescrate enginesvalve coversvalley platesintake & air cleaner kitsaccessory drive kitscoil & plug wire managementengine dress upengine dipstickslocking engine dipsticksheader tetherslokar gearbrandslokar performance productsclayton machine workslecarra steering wheelscovico steering wheelslokar motorsportsmade 4 you productsls classic seriesresourcesfaqinstructionscatalogshipping policiescontact usshop 
 














what are you looking for?






 go












 
					my account			






 my cart

0




product added to cart














menu



account



settings








                    home                


lecarra steering wheels































        lecarra steering wheels are designed to give you the utmost in comfort, performance & personalization for the ultimate driving experience. our steering wheels are made in america and many incorporate a full wrap grip that is hand stitched from 100% genuine leather. with our wide selection of steering wheel designs, from classic to nostalgic, to modern there are endless possibilities to fit your personal taste. in addition to our steering wheels, we offer a variety of horn buttons and hub adapters for a custom fit to virtually any vehicle.    

shop lecarra

 retrostainlessmark 9mark 4retroour retro series of steering wheels is comprised of a variety of styles and materials, from the vintage appearing mark-10, mark-40, and banjo, all the wayup to the more contemporary trans-am wheel. regardless of the era of your build, we’re pretty sure you’ll find what you need here.stainlessdesigned with a nod to ‘60s muscle cars, the wheels are manufactured with a steel rim and a stainless-steel center.  with center spoke options such as solid, drilled, or slotted as well as various finishes, the combinations are nearly endless. each one comes with stainless-steel centers with steel rims. mark 9the mark 9 wheel 4 spoke wheel puts a modern spin on one of our longest running steering wheels. manufactured with a steel rim and aluminum center, the mark 9 is sure to please.  available in your choice of polished or black powder coated finishes and a variety of horn button options to choose from.mark 4with a more traditional vibe, the 3 spoke mark 4 is available in a variety of configurations. like the mark 9, it too is manufactured with a steel rim and aluminum center section. available in your choice of polished or black powder coated finishes and a variety of horn button options to choose from.      lecarra offers three grip sizes to meet your exact preference. please refer to the chart below for measurements. 
lecarra offers several standard leather wrap color options as shown in the chart below. we can also wrap a new steering wheel for you with your custom leather for the perfect match to your interior. for custom wrap applications, a 55” x 8” piece of material is required and a special handling fee will apply.we cannot wrap steering wheels with customer supplied vinyl or imitation leather.   horn buttonshigh-quality lecarra horn buttons are avaiable in a variety of styles and multiple finishes to meet your exact preferences.     we also offer hub adapters to fit most applications. our expertly-machined billet aluminum lecarra hub adapters are the perfect solution to adapt lecarra steering wheels to nealy any application that you can imagine.          
           
our steering wheels are made in america and many incorporate a full wrap grip that is hand stitched from 100% genuine leather. with our wide selection of steering wheel designs, from classic to nostalgic, to modern there are endless possibilities to fit your personal taste. in addition to our steering wheels, we offer a variety of horn buttons and hub adapters for a custom fit to virtually any vehicle. lecarra is committed to giving you the best quality products available. that's why our products are proudly made in the u.s.a.            note for airbag-equipped vehicles: lecarra steering wheels and hub adapters are not designed to be used on vehicles equipped with air bags. for safety and liability reasons, lecarra does not recommend removing, disabling, or modifying the air bag in any vehicle. 






1-865-824-9767





shipping policies





contact us





my account




 
 



main menu

home
lokar performance products
clayton machine works
lecarra steering wheels
covico steering wheels
lokar motorsports
made 4 you products
ls classic series



customer service

my account
contact us
shipping policies
faqs




connect with us

facebook
x
instagram
youtube
carbuffnetwork
careers






 




copyright © 2025 lokar, inc. all rights reserved | privacy policy 

















