



fluke's aftercare pet cremation, pet urns & pet memorials in maine

























fluke's aftercare



  


"where your beloved family member willbe treated with the utmost respect"



  
 



















 



















 



















 



















 

 














what's the difference between leaving your pet at the vets vs. fluke's? click here








 

fluke's aftercare offers pet urns and personalized pet cremation services throughout maine. we realize the importance of personalized attention when having faced the loss of a pet. you need and deserve the same care and compassion as those who have experienced a human loss. you do have the right to play a part in making the decision about your pet's final body care. whether or not you want to keep your pet's ashes, participation in this decision will help you feel better.a husband and wife owned and operated business established in 2004, we are committed to providing you with the assurance that the physical body of the pet you love is tended to in a dignified, professional manner. you will have the best and widest options to help you cope with the passing of your pet along with the highest level of customer care. to further promote this level of ultimate care, we offer the option of same day service, with advance notice, by providing individual pickup of your pet from your home or veterinarian's office. always provided as part of our cremation services is a certificate of private cremation highlighting your pet's name, your family name(s), your pet's very own paw print and a fur clipping should you so desire. a beautiful hand carved wooden urn for return of your pets ashes is also included. we would never think of returning your precious family member in a cardboard box or tin container resembling a coffee can or upcharge you for any of these extras we provide.in may 2015, we severed ties with local veterinary clinics that we serviced so that we could expand the highest level of care possible at the most affordable cost to your family. in recent years, a large amount of veterinary clinics here across maine have been bought, and are now owned by large, out-of-state corporations. you may be surprised to learn that yours is one of them. more recently though, these veterinary clinics are now utilizing the cremation service of yet another corporately owned crematorium. while their physical presence is here in maine, and give the impression that they are still family owned, they are based out of colorado. our personalized, direct approach has proved to be the method that most pet families now prefer. and, at the risk of sounding sappy, we also provide something that large facilities can't. love.oftentimes, our charge is lower than those charged to you by others. our low price guarantee ensures that you and your pet get exceptional services for the best cost. while we no longer work for these corporately owned veterinary clinics, we are happy to work with them on your behalf. if it is too emotionally difficult for you to transport your pet to us personally, we can also provide this service with advanced notice. pets are transported individually and not as part of a route with several other pets in the back of a truck.if you have recently lost a pet, please let us extend our heartfelt condolences. the passing of a pet is undeniably an emotional and difficult experience for the family left behind. by offering you a variety of choices, we hope to make this difficult time easier for you to bear.fluke's aftercare also has a large variety of pet memorial products such as cat urns, small dog urns, urn for larger dogs, keepsake urns, pet caskets, pet memorial markers and keepsake jewelry for you to select from. you may choose from the ones we have for display, or you may order one from our store, rainbow bridge urns. when you pet is cremated with fluke's aftercare, you are eligible to receive a 10% discount on the urn of your choice.we also ship anywhere in the u.s. products shown in our product list are not indicative of our current in-house inventory. all urn orders come with a 30 day money back guarantee (minus s&h) if not satisfied.


340 oak hill roadlitchfield, maine 04350phone: (207) 268-2912 or (207) 212-3064email: flukesaftercare@gmail.comhours of operation - by appointment onlymonday - thursday   9 am - 5 pm*friday - *closed*saturday -  *closed*sunday -  *closed**by special appointment only - after        hours charges will apply* services requested beyond normal hours of operation will be subject to an additional charge.


 

 





















call us:                 207-268-2912 




 
       

"we would like to thank you for treating our princess kitty withtrue kindness and respect. you made a very difficult time much easier.  itwas worth the drive from boston. it was nice to be able to say goodbye toour princess kitty the way you allowed. her paw prints will forever betattooed on our hearts. thank you for the care you gave our little angel."-the miller family


 
       

fluke's aftercarelow price guaranteeif you find our prices are higher than a quoted price from your veterinarian, we will match their cost for a private cremation plus give you an additional 10% off the total cost. call us for more information.


 





