







antique caterpillar machinery owners club













































  













login | register

  







 





home 

store 

chapterseventsmembers 

forum 

about












 


  







homejoin / renewchapterseventsmembersforumabout


library index

scholarshipsmachinesdonateyoutube watch hereget the free newsletter




















you don't have to own a caterpillar machine and if you do it doesn't have to be an antique to join our club. if you have an interest in caterpillar, acmoc offers something for everyone. through our full-color magazine, shows, local chapters, and bulletin board, members enjoy the camaraderie of shared interests.
the antique caterpillar machinery owners club (acmoc) was founded in 1991 by a small group of enthusiasts who all shared a similar passion, the legacy of antique caterpillar machinery. at the time, they had no idea that their club would one day grow to have thousands of members all around the world.
acmoc's mission is to assist and educate its members, and the general public, to appreciate the historic role of caterpillar machinery in shaping the world. acmoc promotes the collection, preservation, restoration, display, and study of products and memorabilia of caterpillar and its related predecessors.
 


become an acmoc member


membership benefits

quarterly magazine filled with content about caterpillar machines.
free classified listings in the club magazine. 
access to the members' area on the website which includes a newly launched technical library

click here to see an index of the documents available to members


advertisement free access to the website.

$44 /year electronic  (includes all member benefits plus electronic access to the magazine)
$60 /year usa  (includes all member benefits plus a copy of the acmoc magazine mailed to you quarterly)
$77 /year international  (includes all member benefits plus a copy of the acmoc magazine mailed to you quarterly)

     join today! renew now!


 



 
 












 



announcements



					sign up for our free newsletter			
sign up now!


events
no events

mstec steamfest - 100 years of cat featuring traxcavators
chapter nineteen
march 08 - march 10, 2025
1200 ferntree gully rd, scoresby
korumburra working horse & tractor & 100 years of cat rally
chapter nineteen
march 15 - march 16, 2025
5875 sth gippsland hwy, nyora 
booleroo 2025 - 2 day event
chapter thirty
march 29 - march 30, 2025
booleroo centre, 54 arthur st, booleroo centre sa 5482, australia
cafes 2025 tulare, california
chapter fifteen
april 11 - april 13, 2025
tulare, ca 




















acmoc
antique caterpillar machinery owners club

1115 madison st ne # 1117salem, or 97301
support@acmoc.org




 



 





chapters history events members contact 
member quick links:
store forum

become a member!




"i became a member recently because the wealth of knowledge here is priceless."- chris r


"i also joined a year ago. had been on here a couple of times as a non-member and found the info very helpful so i got a one year subscription (not very expensive at all) to try it out. i really like all the resources on here so i just got a three year. i think its a very small price for what you can get out of this site."- jason n


 













go to top







