


















hard money loans, residential, commercial & land | lending universe













       registered members:    find a loan broker/lender (28,932)    find an appraiser (17,771)    find a real estate agent (15,795)                 borrowers - 							click here to request a loan and find the winning lender! many lenders may start - only one will win your loan.						            







lending forum
borrowers' universe
lenders' universe
service providers






commercial mortgages, home & construction loans, land financing & hard money



fix and flip hard money lenders- fixn'flip are the hottest most demanded loans


 



login
username:

password:

 

new?
sign in here!








forgot your password or username?

the 7 most common mistakes borrowers make when shopping for loans

trust deed investments for private investors
hard 
								loans definition
how to find 

hard lenders 
compare
hard money 
			rates 

get  lending for all your commercial,land only or any unusal mortgage.

 find hard money  lenders  in los angeles. get  fast equity loans   with easy 2 minute application no social security is needed...

 





arizona hard money lenders
california hard money lenders
florida hard money lenders
georgia hard money lenders
illinois hard money lenders
massachusetts hard money lenders
michigan hard money lenders
minnesota hard money lenders
new york hard money lenders
pennsylvania hard money lenders
texas hard money lenders
washington hard money lenders
other states - hard money lenders














  find service






















											lending universe gives you choices. 
											easily search among many companies in your area.
										





  	    •  	  find a real estate loan (28,932)    	    •  	  find an appraiser (17,771)    	    •  	  apply for a credit card (103)    	    •  	  buy a property (6,098)    	    •  	  sell a property (64,895)    	    •  	  find a real estate agent (15,795)    	    •  	  find home insurance (4,591)    	    •  	  find a moving company (628)    	    •  	  find a home inspector (4,591)    	    •  	  find a notary public (8,134)    	    •  	  find a construction contractor (801)    	    •  	  find a cleaning service (322)    	    •  	  find an architect (840)    	    •  	  find a home designer (289)    	    •  	  find a mold inspector (645)  









good service providers are needed.
			
			if you are a good service provider in one or more of the categories listed below and are seeking more business we welcome you to join us.
			

.
loan brokers  
			
			.
lenders  

			.
appraisers  

			
.
home insurance agents  

			.
moving companies  
			
			
.
home inspectors  

			.
real estate agents  

			
.
notaries public  

			.
construction contractors  

			
.
cleaning services  

			.
architects  

			.
home designers  

			
.
mold inspectors  
			
			.
mortgage insurance companies  

			
.
other service providers  
																																																										
		


 

 





is your loan doable?









							commercial or residential loans. lendinguniverse has the largest database of lenders and brokers on the internet.
						







any property. any credit history. any income.
any state.
any city. 
						our lenders accept requests for loans for many property types.
						 most states hard money,  florida hard money  and lending solution in every state, by thousands of private investors and equity lenders in every state, and in canada









 













real estate news







membership benefits







financial calculators 




							 
						

glossary










 







				708 hard money lenders 
your request is  
				instantly delivered to 708 hard money lenders. 
the largest integrated 
				database of nationwide hard money lenders brokers, and private real estate investors on the internet is one click away! choose the best  
				hard money  loan quote from among several offers or get a 
				second opinion if you already have an approval or a quote. you owe 
				it to yourself to shop your loan and save thousands of dollars 
				on costs and monthly payment. 


				start your hard money loan request here



 





investors lounge 




trust deed



investments

						 for 

						private investors


						secure trust deed 

on commercial real estate 


						earn 10% - 16% 

						 


  


 







real estate marketplace connecting lenders, brokers and borrowers
lending universe is setting new standards in the world of hard money loans, commercial, residential and land loans, mortgage brokers and the loan calculation process. for too long, people have been seeking the right mortgage, small business loan, commercial loan or  home construction loan without having access to a quick, secure and reliable source. lending universe has introduced a fast, hassle-free, reliable and thorough new way to deliver the best online quotes to your customers. from lending to borrowing, we always set the highest standards! 
		

			with our service, it is easier than ever to harness the benefits of multiple-lender bidding. saving money, saving time and ensuring that your credit history is maintained are just three of the benefits to a good loan. at lending universe you can have private investors compete for your business and secure a residential loan without proof of income or verification of finances.  all these advantages plus an easy-to-complete online loan request make securing a residential loan easier than ever through lending universe.
		

			each loan calculation on our site delivers results from both private investors, private lenders and wholesale commercial lenders, ensuring our clients only the very best financial options. no matter the type of loan you are seeking, our site is specifically designed to direct you to what you need.  
		

		we're dedicated to getting you the best quotes from both private and wholesale lenders. our search form is time efficient and user friendly and our results always accurate and instant. loans can be time consuming to find, especially if you are looking to get a selection of quotes for your customers of lead generation. we take that all in hand and create a whole new experience designed to enhance your search, provide you with immediate information and reshape the way you get crucial information about loans.
		

		for all your residential and commercial loan requirements, simply complete our form and we will deliver you fast, accurate results. lending universe is your first step to securing a residential or  fast commercial hard money loan.
		

click here to request a loan and find the winning lender! 



new : 
complete guide to hard money loans and how to find 
		hard money lenders.









   about ssl certificates  


copyright © 1999-2025 lendinguniverse. all rights reserved. the services are not available to person located within the state of california .
webmaster • 
		disclaimer • 
		cookies • 
		legal agreement
important notice • 
		privacy policy • 
		real estate news • 
		advertise with us 
	






 
 





