



























associated press stylebook
























skip to content


 
ap stylebook




log in


register





shop


help center


more
          







search
 

 











 











        the classic, practical spiral-bound edition now is published every other year. 
      
ap stylebook, 57th edition (spiral-bound print)
the spiral-bound associated press stylebook, 57th edition, includes new chapters on artificial intelligence and criminal justice, plus a detailed checklist for self-editing. specialized chapters cover sports, business, punctuation, religion, data journalism, inclusive storytelling, health and science, news values, and polls and surveys. isbn: 978-0-917360-71-8.
learn more










        style guidance on your computer, tablet and phone
      
ap stylebook online
this searchable, customizable, regularly updated version of ap stylebook offers bonus features including ask the editor and topical guides. add merriam-webster for a more comprehensive resource.
learn more










        style-checking tools for microsoft office and web browsers
      
ap styleguard pro style-checking tools
whether you are new to ap style or you want help keeping up with changing guidance, let our style-checking tools help you write and edit. get style-checking help for microsoft word, outlook and powerpoint, or today’s most popular web browsers, including in google docs.
learn more










        test your knowledge with our study guides
      
ap stylebook study guides
build your knowledge and understanding of ap style guidance, whether you're a new communicator or a seasoned professional. created in partnership with three experienced ap style instructors, these study guides will step you through quizzes covering key stylebook topics in both the mechanics of writing and the more complex issues of quality storytelling.
learn more










        by journalists, for journalists, created in ap’s mexico city newsroom
      
 manual de estilo de la ap
el manual de estilo en español de the associate press es una guía para periodistas y editores que incluye más de 4.000 entracías sobre el uso de algunas palabras y conceptos, además de sugerencias sobre cómo traducir algunas expresiones del inglés al español.
learn more





looking for more? see all the ap stylebook products and choose the right one for you





log in to your stylebook account





username or email address



password





            remember me
 

 

        forgot your password? to reset, click here.
      

        click "remember me" to speed your log in next time.
      





don't have an account yet?
register to view your products, order status, shipment trackings and manage your account settings.


register



sign up for our newsletter
keep up to date on style news. sign up for our stylish monthly e-newsletter by submitting your email address below.
sign up


more resources
add the publications cited in the ap stylebook bibliography to your library.





×

home
log in to my account

browse ap stylebook products
ap style blog
ap stylebook news
suggest a stylebook change or addition
ask the editor: highlights
last seven days of ask the editor
current topical guide
bibliography
user guide
help center






back to top






ap stylebook

ap stylebook products
compare products
help center
privacy policy
terms and conditions


 


the associated press
company
media center
ap content
ap solutions
ap planner
ap newsroom
ap archive
ap video
contact us




more from ap
ap news
ap books
ap newsroom
ap archive




follow ap stylebook











cookie settings








 all contents © 2025 associated press all rights reserved.












