











































mill valley inn | a charming historic boutique property.






























✕

the rates on our site are as low as you will find on any website that sells our hotel rooms. if you find a
      lower rate on one of our partner sites for the same room type, date, and rate offering, we will happily
      verify it and match it.




















hotel







amenities and services

green features

 accessibility features

gallery

reservations

health & safety measures


directions

transportation

contact us

press








guestrooms







about our guestrooms

creek house

main building (ada accessible)

cottages

penthouse suite






offers




meetings







plan a meeting

rfp






things to do







25 ways to explore marin

blog


getting to san francisco









things to do in
                marin
join us as we share our adventures, insights, and insider tips about marin.




restaurant
restaurant

piazza d’angelo
our sister restaurant brought to you by the owners of mill valley inn.




marin hotels







acqua
                hotel
convenience, meet bayside oasis.

waters
                edge hotel
a modern waterfront boutique hotel.






 





book a room







book a room



to inquire
            about long-term rentals, or to speak to a reservationist, call 415 389
              6608















































t
		
he mill valley inn — a charming historic boutique property — is a cluster of dwellings nestled amongst the redwoods and steps away from everything in this quintessential northern california town. the location offers you a brilliant combination: you’ll experience life in a classic northern california village and abundant accessible natural beauty.


 



book a room














the creek house
absorb the history and heritage of mill valley in this cozy, creekside building with its victorian charm and 21st century renovations. each of the 7 rooms opens onto a wrap-around veranda.

















the main building
the 16 guestrooms in the main building offer boutique ambiance, northern california-style. french doors in each room open up to views of redwood trees or to downtown mill valley. many feature soaking tubs and fireplaces (ada accessible).
















the cottages
follow the wooden pathway to these two free standing cottages.  extra privacy and a warm fire set the backdrop for your own personal creekside sanctuary amongst the redwoods.				













our amenities











buffet breakfast
bountiful complimentary continental breakfast served in the sun terrace lounge: waffles, bagels and lox with all the trimmings, steel-cut oatmeal with toppings, cold cereal, organic yogurt, fresh pastries and bread, coffee bar, and fresh fruit.







wine reception
redwoods and wine are a natural mix that will trigger your urge to linger during our complimentary evening wine reception, where we offer local wines and a selection of local cheeses to enjoy in the cozy informal lounge or on the deck.







more...
the mill valley inn and its sister properties are the most inclusive hotels in marin. our high-touch service includes all the  thoughtful complimentary services and amenities required for your comfort and ease. click here to see all amenities.












location







mill valley


m
							
ill valley is a small town famous for its quality of life, with good reason: natural abundance side-by-side with a sophisticated and charming small town.
				
with trails winding through fragrant redwood groves leading to panoramic views, mill valley is a haven for bikers, hikers, tree huggers, and explorers. trails are easily accessible from the hotel; in fact one of the more than 175 hidden stairways of mill valley starts on our property, a perfect place to launch an on-foot exploration.
add in local restaurants, cafes, makers, shops, and musicians steps from the hotel and you’ll see why a stay at the mill valley inn is an experience with a unique sense of place.






book a room



from our blog
explore marin
















 mill valley inn  165 throckmorton avenue mill valley ca 94941 415 389 6608
map





guestrooms

accessibility features

plan a meeting

press

our blog





make a reservation

contact us

directions



    mill valley inn       387 reviews        








visit our sister properties
					





copyright mill valley inn
					2025				
				


copyright mill valley inn
					2025				
				



























