financial services | university of chicagoyou need to enable javascript to run this app.
skip to main contentthe university of chicagomain contentfinance and administrationfinancial servicesfinancial servicesthe financial services office is located at:
6054 s. drexel ave. 
suite 300
chicago, il 60637

senior staff 
for contact information, please consult the university of chicago's online directory.
jennie bennett
associate vice president, finance 
mark fehlberg
assistant vice president, procurement services
jack brofman
executive director, global treasury operations
craig elmore
controller

jim hamaguchi
executive director, payroll and hr transactions services
karin luu
director of financial planning and analysis and debt capital markets
yolanda peoples
director of accounts receivables
i want to...buy somethingcheck on a bank accountcheck on my payroll checkcreate a new fas numberfind purchasing resourcesmake a paymentresolve an issue with purchasingthe primary goal of financial services is to support the core mission of the university through exemplary fiscal stewardship. our services and programs are geared toward providing our customers outstanding response and service while fulfilling compliance and fiduciary obligations. among many duties, financial services has responsibility for accounting and financial reporting; cash, endowment, and debt management; payroll; sponsored award accounting; and purchasing and paying for goods and services.helpful toolsfinancial formsfinancial policiesfinancial statementsfinancial systemsfinancial systems transformationknowledge and optimization organization (formerly shared services)payroll servicesuchicago traveldepartmentsaccounting servicesaccounting services is a group of dedicated individuals serving the university by providing support and assistance with a wide variety of accounting issues. our primary responsibilities include agency funds, capital assets, endowment and gifts, financial and tax reporting, and general accounting services.procurement servicesprocurement services provides integrated solutions to enhance the university's procure-to-pay experience. this includes establishing contracts; creating purchase orders; and administering the credit card program, travel services, and other specialized campus programs.
treasury servicesthe functions of treasury services consist of all debt and liquidity management and bank account administration, debt compliance, and online banking administration and password resets.edward h. levi hall
5801 south ellis avenue
chicago, illinois 60637
773.702.1234
www.uchicago.edu©2023 the university of chicago