



ieee canada | the website of ieee region 7












































ieee.org
ieee xplore digital library
ieee standards
ieee spectrum
more sites







about

about ieee canada
administration
ieee canada policies
organizational ethics 
areas
sections
history

digital library 
engineering showcase – millennium project


contact us
join ieee!
ieee canadian foundation 


activities

awards
conferences
education activities
hic-sight 
industry committee
life members
membership development
publications

cjece journal 
ieee canadian review 
newsletter 
yp newsletter 


stem outreach 


volunteers

volunteering information
regional volunteers (restricted access) 


student activities 
women in engineering
young professionals 

















search ieee canada




français






welcome to ieee canada
ieee canada provides a high quality general interest magazine, a technical journal, an electronic newsletter, an annual conference, and web services designed for all ieee canada members, as well as support for our volunteer network of local sections, chapters, and student branches.































upcoming events


region 7 events calendar
the detailed region 7 events calendar is available here.  full article




ieee canada news


call for nominations: ieee canada major awards
. notice of delay:  submission of nominations for the 11 ieee canada major awards is postponed until further notice. we hope to open the opportunity in late february 2025 for the 2025 class of awardees. backgrounder: ieee canada is undertaking process improvements for efficiency, transparency and effectiveness in everything we do. one such area of […]  full article


call for nominations: engineering institute of canada fellow
ieee canada members are invited to nominate deserving members for consideration to become an engineering institute of canada fellow or for an award. deadline is nov. 15, 2024. the process and application site is here: https://eic-ici.ca/honours_awards/nomination/  full article


call for nominations: editor-in-chief icjece
information about the position and nomination process is in this document.  full article


congratulations to maike luiken!
many congratulations to maike luiken to win mga william w. middleton distinguished service award on 17 june 2023 “for exemplary leadership and commitment to mga, ieee members and the public, and for championing technological solutions to sustainable development and climate change challenges.”  full article


30 by 30 conference 2022
ngineers canada at the 2022 30 by 30 conference, a three-day virtual gathering for 30 by 30 champions, engineering regulators, engineering educators, engineers, students, employers, and other stakeholders. the conference will take place from 12:00 p.m. et to 2:00 p.m. et on april 13, 20, and 27. the theme of the 2022 conference is emerging leadership. you must register for each day you’d like to attend.  full article







ieee canadian foundation


please support the ieee canadian foundation and its program of scholarships, resource centers, and special grants by donating online.   you will receive a tax receipt by email that is accepted by canada revenue agency.
the personal


dell


engineeringcareers.ca




latest jobs:

dunsky energy + climate: director or senior expert - buildings
ministry of transportation/ministère des transports: asset management engineer/ingénieur de la gestion des biens; ingénieure de la gestion des biens
city of calgary: leader asset, management
city of calgary: project engineer

view all jobs »
post a job »

ieee job site


ieee member discounts


ieee future50








advertisement






home
privacy & opting out of cookies
terms & conditions
nondiscrimination policy
contact


© copyright 2023 ieee – all rights reserved. use of this website signifies your agreement to the ieee terms and conditions.
a not-for-profit organization, ieee is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.








