










	nh works  - nh economy





































skip to main content
 
























a
a
a














 
employers


employee training opportunities
employment and labor laws
layoffs and closures rapid response
support services
workforce recruitment




 
job seekers


careers and occupations
education and training
find a job
in demand skills
layoff or business closure
support
work-based learning




 
nh works


rfp




 
about us


programs
report fraudulent activity
state workforce innovation board
transparency
contact us

























click the nh works office location for the address and hours.

berlin  /  claremont  /  colebrook  /  concord  /  conway  /  keene  /   laconia
littleton  /  manchester  / nashua  /  plymouth  /  portsmouth  /  salem  /  somersworth

the new hampshire office of workforce opportunity (owo) relies on its strong partnerships to ensure employers throughout the state have the skilled workforce they need to meet the demands of their industries.

the new hampshire department of employment security (nhes)
nhes oversees the state’s unemployment, the state’s job match system and other employment assistance services, including trade adjustment assistance, veterans services, job fairs, economic and labor market information. employers may access free employer services.

the new hampshire department of education
the agency administers education programs, including adult education, vocational rehabilitation and the career and technical education programs, among others directed at youth eligible for programs funded by the workforce opportunity and innovation act.

the new hampshire department of labor
the agency oversees the state’s warn act and provides information regarding state laws governing the workplace.

the new hampshire department of health and human services (dhhs)
dhhs provides services for individuals, children, families and seniors, and administers programs and services for mental health, developmental disability, substance abuse, and public health. health insurance information, including the state’s insurance marketplace is available through the covering new hampshire website.

community college system of new hampshire (ccsnh)
ccsnh is a public system of higher education consisting of seven colleges located across the state, offering occupational skills training opportunities. ccsnh also administers apprenticeship grants from the us department of labor and workreadynh, funded through the new hampshire job training act.
 
        







division of economic development
division of planning & community development
division of travel & tourism development
office of workforce opportunity
news
request for proposals



visit nh


choose nh



contact us
|
privacy policy


                        © 2025 nh department of business and economic affairs, 100 north main street, suite 100, concord, nh, 03301
                    
























 





