






seniors resource guide – learn about resources for older adults
































home
research resources

i am new to senior resources
i know some things
i am knowledgeable


explore states
more

about us
blog
newsletters


contact us

i am interested in promotion
event listing
i have a question


 





select page


  
 



 



 
















about us
learn more







we are all about teaching you how to fish to find resources for older adults.





i am new to senior resources

click here



i know some things

click here



i am very knowledgeable

click here







forget the research, i just want to explore this website … start clicking!







explore events across the united states …











explore our blog
find interesting articles on our blog.





our enewsletter
watch for our newsletter coming soon









good to know resources for older adults and their families


2-1-1 get answerspublic housing assistanceeldercare locatormedicare and medicaidseniors eguide



2-1-1 (dial phone number 211) is an easy to remember telephone number that where available, connects people with important community services and volunteer opportunities. 2-1-1 is a free and confidential services that helps people across the u.s. find local resources they need. 2-1-1 is answered 24-hours a day, 7-days a week. united way of america (uwa) and the alliance for information and referral systems (airs) strongly support federal funding so that every american has access to this essential service. website: 211.org

if you need public housing assistance or want to know more about housing choice vouchers or subsidized senior housing, use the u.s. department of housing and urban development (hud) website to locate your state’s local public housing agency (pha). the hud website lists public housing agencies by city and state. website: hud.gov/program_offices/public_indian_housing/pha/contacts

eldercare locator is a nationwide public service of the u.s. administration on aging. the eldercare locator can connect you with your state and local agencies on aging, as well as community-based organizations that serve older adults and their caregivers. visit their website or call 1-800-677-1116 monday through friday 9:00am to 8:00pm eastern time. website: https://eldercare.acl.gov/public/index.aspx

learn more about medicare and medicaid through these websites:

center for medicare and medicaid – cms.gov
medicare.gov
medicaid.gov


the seniors e-guide publications are a web-based resource focused on learning about the variety of senior resources and services that are available.learn more – click here





 







archives april 2022
january 2022
categories advance care planning

dementia

downsizing

explore states

financial concerns

financial hardship

health & wellness

housing placement services

in-home services

metro connections

nutrition

organization profiles

resources you should know

retirement living

senior housing

seniors e-guide

social security

technology


privacy statement
 






facebook




x




instagram




rss


designed by web publishing & services, inc. using elegant themes 

















