


abolish - pest control specialists in pigeon, rat, bat, swallow, bee and more!









































photo 
      gallery

we accept
surcharge may apply



















call toll free 877-4abolish 
                             877-422-6547 








listen to what we do!            
 call abolish to get rid of your pest problem today!










              voted #1 pest control company! 
 links

* 
videos







              * msds
              * hazard info
              * faq
			        * proposals
              * testimonials
              * login


follow us:




click here to check out our new website design!            
important info

			  * bee attack 3 puppies dead
                
			  * tick season 2012 
			  * flea tidbit - 1
              * flea tidbit - 2
              * pigeon hazard
              * pigeon removal
              * infestation pictures

              * parasitosis info 
 killer bees!
              protect yourself.
              * bee tidbit - 1
              * bee removal pictures 
bird flu articles
              *bird 
              flu has evolved
              *bird 
              flu in us
              *info 
              on bird flu
              *u.s. 
              unprepared
              *20 
              common questions
bird articles
              *swallow 
              prevention
              *swallow 
              info
              *woman quarantined with bird mite 
rat hazards 
*rat hazards 

              - senior discounts
              - industrial
              - commercial
              - residential
              - apartments

              - licensed
              - bonded
              - insured
links to great pest control companies!
become an affiliate
              - beecontrol
              - wildlifecontrolexperts
              - swallowremoval
              - 
              abolishbirdcontrol
we do killer bees, pigeons, swallow control, snakes, 
              crickets, ants, earwigs, rats, bats, 
              gophers, fleas, mice, roaches, silverfish, 
              black widows, spiders, ticks, wasps, 
              water beetles, bees, sow bugs, carpet 
          beatles, skunks, opossums, squirrels, sparrows, crows raccoons and yellow jackets.



 







 servicing southern california!
ventura county, los angeles county, and orange county

 
abolish pest control was recently featured on southern california homes, one of the top sites for simi valley real estate. check out the article here: taking back california: abolish pest control

            click to watch! 
watch the video
rats gone wild: 
              rodents invade socal homes

services provided: 




animal trapping
attic decontamination
bat control
bee control
dead animal removal
emergency service
feces clean up
noises in attic
insects and spiders
odor control
pigeon control
rat control
snake control
swallow control
wildlife fence
bird control



  





all pests
swallow's 
                nest removal & proofing


rat 
              and mouse control & proofing
bee 
              and honey comb removal
animal 
              capture and removal
pigeon 
              control & removal
bat 
              control & removal
noises 
              in attic or walls
emergency 
              service
odor 
              control
junk removal
crawling & 
            flying insects
dead 
              animal removal
snake control
insulation decontamination, removal and installation
why you should choose abolish
attic, 
              basement, & crawlspace
            decontamination
 animal pest  feces clean 
          up and
          decontamination
pest inspection services
parking garages and parking structure decontamination and proofing



 




we specialize in bird control, animal trapping, swallow bird control, decontamination, odor control, snake control, rodent control, bee control, bat control, and dead animal control. we do every job  professionally and effectively making sure to not only remove the problem, but to prevent it from reoccurring. we have a wide range of specialties and expertise in the pest control field. for bird control we use a variety of effective products and techniques. animal trapping is done humanely; animals are released to a more suitable area. decontamination of infested areas is essential in removing health risks. our rodent control at times fixes other pest control company's mistakes. we also have many experienced and professional bee control technicians. what ever the pest problem may be we always have a solution for it whether it be in a residential, commercial, or industrial area. as professionals we do professional work.
              
              
            
bird control is a growing concern for home owners, businesses, and schools. birds such as swallows, pigeons, crows, sparrows, starlings, and seagulls can cause damage to homes and create health risks. barn-swallows and cliff swallows can ruin the eaves of your home and pigeon's  hazardous feces accumulates . the answer to most bird problems isn't solved by simply removing the problem. removing the problem only creates an opening for the same predicament to reoccur. our objective in bird control is to, of course, remove the problem but also prevent it from happening again. bird control should be a multi step process: inspecting, removing/trapping, cleaning, and proofing. without proper proofing the problem may reoccur causing a routine bird control service. the difference between abolish and other pest control companies is "we want to get it right the first time". check out abolishbirdcontrol.com



-24 hour-
              -same day service-
              -7 days a week-
              -licensed, bonded & insured- 

            please print and hand this coupon to a technician
 when you call abolish 
              pest control, you call professionals.  
              call toll free 877-4abolish 
                             877-422-6547            




home 
              | specials | commercial 
              |  residential | service 
              area | preparation | pests | feedback | contact 
              us
absolutely no rights of distribution by sale or other transfer 
              of ownership or by rental, lease or lending, preparation of derivative 
              works, or reproduction, in whole or in part, is not granted. no 
              text, graphics or photos may be downloaded and used on another internet 
              site, without express permission of abolishpestcontrol. for information 
              on obtaining photo usage and rights, please see our contact 
              page. abolishpestcontrol reserves the rights to actively protect 
              against infringement. 
			 
              copyright ©1985 - 2020 abolishpestcontrol.com all rights reserved 
















