


career planning made easy by our online career test


























learn about the jvis
take the jvis
view your report
career resources









































there are over 36,729 possible careers in north america today, and over 284 academic
           majors. a few will make you very happy. the rest may leave you feeling unsatisfied and
           trapped. how will you find the one that is best for you? taking a career test can
            help. take the jvis, and you'll be on your way to peace
            of mind... and a bright, rewarding future.
take the jvis now
the jvis is an education and career planning tool. it provides a detailed snapshot
            of your interests and how they relate to the world of study and work. it will focus
            your search for professional and academic satisfaction. you'll have access to links,
            resources, and industry contacts to help you learn more about the careers and
             university majors that will help you make the most of your time and talent.
the jvis was written by dr. douglas jackson, the same psychologist who developed an
            intelligence test used to screen nasa astronauts. he was a world authority on the
            subject of human assessment, and was president of the american
            psychological association division of measurement, evaluation and statistics among
            other honors. the jvis is one of the most carefully and elaborately constructed
             psychological instruments ever created.
highlights:

over 600,000 people have received jvis reports.
results and reports are available immediately.
university and career exploration guides are provided free of charge.

just follow these 3 easy steps:

click on take the jvis
fill out the jvis survey. it takes about 40 minutes to complete, and can be
               paused at any time.
review your report, and the career exploration guide. these resources not only
              list specific careers that you will most likely enjoy, but will also help you make the
               difficult decisions that lie ahead.







sigma assessment systems is a founding member of the association of test publishers. for over 40 years, sigma has developed innovative, practical solutions that withstand both the test of time, and critical peer review. click here to learn more about sigma.









do you like exercising? are you interested in helping others better their bodies? do you enjoy talking to and motivating others? if so, you should consider becoming a personal trainer.

do you enjoy using computers? do you use your imagination to create games? if you are interested in video games and want to learn how they are made, you may want to consider a major in game design.

see how jvis.com helped jennifer plan for college.

u.s., canadian and australian reports are available on jvis.com.

the jvis.com report features o*net (u.s.) and noc (canadian) job codes linked to extensive web resources.

live up to your full potential by combining your interests with your personal abilities!

jvis.com brings you a comprehensive listing of career-related websites. we give you quick access to a wide world of resources, helping you find anything from scholarships to job openings.
privacy
your privacy is important to us. read our privacy statement for details.








take the jvis


















