














	ncmhce exam prep: study guide, practice test, tips & resources


















 log in
subscribe






ncmhce exam
since 1996






home
our team
exam services
free exam
testimonials
faq
contact



















freepracticeexam
subscribe





we can help you pass your exam!






                        improve your scorewith unlimited full length practice exams!
                    



                    whether you sign up for a day or a month, your membership includes unlimited access to practice exams. click here to try one for free. 
                




                        study and playwith audio and video content!
                    



                    review content you've forgotten with our audio and video instruction, and brush up on definitions with our flashcards. click here to see what you get.
                




                        we're ready!with hundreds of narratives!
                    



                    practice over 100 narratives that will prepare you for the upcoming format change to the ncmhce. click here to learn more.
                







let's get started!




free exam




subscription info








prev




'i just took my exam and passed, i had failed it 2 times before. i decided to use your website and wanted to thank you for it. i thank you for your daily inspirations that encouraged me!!! i know it was your website and god that helped through this chapter of my life.'





lorena, 










'i just wanted to say, "thank you" like so many others have. i passed my ncmhce exam on saturday. actually, i blew it out of the water!! doing the simulations and taking the full-length exams was really the key. it is a tremendous relief knowing that i now have my independent license. it has been a long road. thank you, again!'





gary, new mexico










'i passed the  nchmce yesterday with flying colors, thanks to the website.  i failed the first time i took it. i was sooo happy and relieved that all the time studying paid off.  the simulations, exams, quizzes were incredibly helpful.  the website teaches you how to take the exam, which is crucial.  i recommend not skipping the ' getting started" section especially on how to take notes, i skipped that section the first time i and failed, i believe part of it was because my notes were all over the place. best of luck!
thank you,
yeira from nyc!'





colleen, fl










'thank you so much for creating this amazing platform for studying for the ncmhce exam! i studied primarily by taking the numerous and eclectic practice scenarios you have, which i found fun and very helpful! the way you provide feedback on each choice in the scenario fully prepared me for the actual exam. i passed by a higher margin than i expected and it was completely because of the practice exams/scenarios you provide. thank you!!!!! without counselingexam.com i do not know how i would have done it!'





shoshana, georgia










'i passed my exam! thank you. sincerely, mindy'





mindy, 






next
more testimonials


"i would recommend this site to others"



updated: february 2025









leave feedback








director's message



                    dr. linton hutchinson
                    

hi, i'm linton and guess what? i went through the same agony and anxiety that you might be experiencing right now. i personally look forward to taking tests as much as i look forward to a trip to the dentist. we were the first ncmhce exam test prep site online, and for 18 years we've been providing a way to study for your exam so you can get on with your life and put this experience behind you as quickly and as painlessly as possible, right from your own home. it's in there.







our zero risk guarantee
we are so confident we offer the best online preparation material that if you don't pass your exam we will put you back on the site for the length of your original subscription for free. all you need to do is send us a screenshot of your results and we'll get you back online right away! and, if you still don't pass, don't worry, you will qualify for a reduced rate on future subscriptions. click here for our refund policy.



the licensure exams difference


the hard way
pay once & get one exam

a single exam starting at $35


the licensure way
pay once & get unlimited exams

subscriptions starting at $44.95






let's get started!




free exam




subscription info



































home
subscribe
exam services
testimonials
my menu
free resources
legal
privacy policy
faq
about us
contact


                
                this is a test prep site for the national clinical mental health counseling examination (ncmhce). the online study material includes multiple choice practice quizzes and exams, case studies, definitions, slideshows, matching, and more. diagnostic exams pinpoint areas for extra study. we are not associated with any state or governmental agency responsible for licensure or the national board of certified counselors (nbcc) that deals with certification. we are a review program for the national clinical mental health counseling examination (ncmhce) only. if you are seeking national certification as a national certified counselor (ncc), or you have questions about the state licensure process, please contact the national board of certified counselors at www.nbcc.org.
            

  site developed by dylan hunt
                
                    © 2025 - licensure exams, inc.    
                    
                










