






























welcome to summerlin hospital medical center | las vegas, nevada





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal



search


702-233-7000702-233-7000



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: breast care center 
cancer center 
cardiology 
ear, nose and throat 
emergency services 
gastroenterology 
maternity 
orthopedics 
palliative care 
pediatrics 
radiology 
rehabilitation 
respiratory therapy 
stroke services 
surgery 
wound care 


patients & visitors billing and insurance: insurance plans 
online bill pay 
avoiding surprises in your medical bills 

patient information: your hospital stay 
phone directory 
quality healthcare 

patient services: health records online 
obtaining your medical records 
online registration - regie 
health insurance marketplace 
home health care  
price guide 
no surprises act 
commitment to health equity 

visitors: directions and map 
visitor information 


events events: event calendar 
the birthplace 
support groups 
valley health system 

programs: senior advantage 55+ 


about about us contact us 
ask the ceo 
awards and accreditations 
news 
hospital leadership 

resources women and nutrition: what to eat when 
blog 
health education podcasts 
how to support a friend who is grieving 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
 



search form

search 



































          health happens here at summerlin hospital medical center 
find out more! 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	careers	    








 
   
heroes work at the valley health system
we've always been here when you needed us most. we're here for you now.
watch the video











































er at south summerlin to host community sneak peek on saturday, february 1, 2025

er at south summerlin to host community sneak peek on saturday, february 1, 2025
freestanding emergency department expected to begin patient care at 8 a.m. monday, february 3, 2025.
read 

summerlin hospital to host celebration for expecting parents, new parents and young families

summerlin hospital to host celebration for expecting parents, new parents and young families
event will be held saturday, september 14, 2024, from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. everyone is welcome.
read 

cash-price screening mammograms weekdays in october in summerlin

cash-price screening mammograms weekdays in october in summerlin
screening mammograms and early detection can give women a fighting chance against breast cancer. summerlin hospital is offering cash-price annual...
read 


 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events



 
















summerlin hospital657 n. town center drive, las vegas, nv 89144702-233-7000702-233-7000 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	summerlin hospital medical center® is operated by a subsidiary of universal health services, inc. (uhs), a king of prussia, pa-based company, that is one of the nation's largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services.

	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither summerlin hospital medical center or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.            

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
privacy policy
terms of use
site map
language assistance
nondiscrimination notice
accessibility statement
price transparency
code of conduct
compliance hotline



© 2025 summerlin hospital. all rights reserved.














