

oliver winery & vineyards | bloomington, indiana | refreshingly real®

































































we encourage responsible enjoyment of our wines.are you 21 years of age?yesnothis site is intended for those of legal drinking age. by entering, you affirm that you are of legal drinking age in the country where the site is being accessed.skip to main content














































menuwineswines for every palate.wine stylessemi-sweetsemi-drydry whitesdry redsdessert & sparklingwine cocktailsview all wineswine collectionsreal fruit moscato™soft wine collectionbakery seriesflight seriescamelot meadsignature cocktail collectionview all collectionssignature wine cocktailsblossom droppassion fleurtinipeach sangriniview all wine cocktailsmoregifts & merchandisefind our wines near youshopvisitmagical place in the heart of southern indiana.visit usplan your visitreserved tastingsreserved tourspicnic packagesprivate eventseventsclubsaboutwe're the real deal.about oliverwinemakingour peoplecareershistorycommunity involvementcontactfind oliverblogcartoliver winery where dreams take flighthot air balloons, too.shop nowintroducing cosmoberry & dreamberry, our newest sips of true fruit bliss. real fruit at its finest.®great wine is about more than just the craft — it’s the experience and the people you share it with, too. we believe great wine is something for everyone to enjoy. our approach is refreshingly real.  nothing fake. no pretenses here. only the good stuff.
our story













































































































real fruit moscato™real fruit + quality moscato wine detailssoft wine collectionsweet wines, made well. wine detailsbakery seriesdrink your dessert.wine detailspilot project™single-serve, fizzy experiments.wine detailsbeanblossom hard cider®crisp, refreshing ciders from the heartland.wine detailscolts collectionofficial wine of the indianapolis colts.wine detailsflight seriesworld-class varietals, made in indiana.wine detailscreekbend collection estate-grown and bottled. wine detailscamelot meadold world libation. new world perfection.wine detailssignature cocktail collectionreal fruit & natural botanicalswine detailsprevious itemnext itemrefreshingly real®️for 50 years, our wines have represented the highest-quality ingredients. our winemakers continually refine each wine in our portfolio to create approachable, fruit-forward, flavorful wines you can enjoy again and again.our process available near youfind our wines on the shelf where you shop in 40+ states.   find oliver in stores a new generation of wine that is accessible, fun and unpretentious.a few select vineyards around the country go above and beyond to astound visitors.voted #3 tasting room in the u.s.a place to experienceour winery is indiana's top wine destination, with beautiful gardens, unparalleled service, and reserved tasting experiences.plan your visita five-star day offtaste a flight. go behind-the-scenes. meet the people and process behind our best-selling wines. 
book a reserved experience follow us








wine brings people together™find our winelearn where you can find oliver wines on a shelf near you.find near youwinery open daily200 east winery road, bloomington, in 47404plan your visitaccessibility please let us know how we can make your experience most enjoyable. contact us at 812-876-5800.shoptradecareersshippingmember loginprivacy policysite map© 2025 oliver winery. all rights reserved. a fine siteoliver, the oliver mark, and wine brings people together™ are trademarks of oliver wine co. inc. do not sell my personal information.