








007 james bond: pierce brosan web page


007 james bond: pierce brosnan web page




biography || filmography || articles || picture
gallery || links
 deutsche version // german version 


 tomorrow never dies
picture archive
 the world is not enough picture archive (coming soon)


date of birth: may 16, 1953
place of birth: navan, county meath, ireland



pierce
      brosnan biography
by york membery

list price:  $
27.95
      amazon price:  $ 19.57
      you save:  $ 8.38 
(30%)




[pierce brosnan biography from baseline's encyclopedia of
film]
off-hand charm and self-deprecating comic timing were two of
the qualities this dashing irish-born leading man brought to his
winning portrayal of the sophisticated, often inept, con
man/private investigator remington steele
on the long-running tv series (nbc, 1982-87) of the same name.
pierce brosnan, a former commercial illustrator who has garnered
frequent comparisons to cary grant, became so popular in this
role that he was selected by readers polled by a national
magazine as the favored actor to replace the departing roger
moore in the highly profitable james bond series. however,
contractual obligations to remington steele, where
he starred opposite stephanie
zimbalist, made him unavailable and the baton was
passed to timothy dalton. pierce brosnan finally received his
cinematic license to kill in 1994 when he was named as the new
007. he proved an elegant yet hard-edged bond in goldeneye
(1995).
pierce brosnan entered show business as a teen runaway,
working with the circus as a fire eater. he gained somewhat more
conventional experience as a member of an experimental london
theater workshop before making his stage debut in a 1976
production of wait until dark. pierce brosnan's
theatrical breakthrough came from playwright tennessee williams
who chose the handsome young actor to create the role of mccabe
in the british premiere of his red devil battery sign.
additional stage work followed before his film debut in a
character turn in the well-received brit gangster film, the
long good friday (1981).
america first discovered the slender, dark-haired performer on
tv in the miniseries the manions of america (abc,
1981) as rory o'manion, an irish immigrant who makes it big in
19th century america. this successful exposure lead to his being
cast as steele. pierce brosnan turned up on a number of specials
during the series' run and one failed feature, nomads
(1986), in which he played a bedeviled french anthropologist. the
transition to film actor proved difficult, but tv offered regular
work in telefilms and miniseries. pierce brosnan was well cast as
urbane eccentric phineas fogg in a miniseries adaptation of jules
verne's novel around the world in 80 days (nbc,
1989). he became a familiar face in made-for-cable thrillers,
notably playing special agent mike graham in alistair
maclean's death train (usa, 1993) and alistair
maclean's night watch (usa, 1995).
pierce brosnan initially found little success in features. he
starred in the poorly received ismail merchant-produced adventure
the deceivers (1988) but received some positive
notices for his portrayal of a russian agent opposite michael
caine in the fourth protocol (1987). he enjoyed a
measure of popular success playing a scientist in the derivative
special f/x fest, the lawnmower man (1992). pierce
brosnan also played the supporting role of stu, the other man, in
the immensely successful if mild comedy mrs. doubtfire
(1993). his subsequent casting as the english secret agent
ensured a renewed career as a feature lead.
pierce brosnan was married to actress cassandra harris from
the 1970s until her death in 1991 of ovarian cancer.


[pierce brosnan biography from the
moviepeople database]
moving to london with his family at an early age, irish-born
actor pierce brosnan made ends meet as a commercial illustrator
and cab driver before turning to acting full-time. after training
at the london drama centre, pierce brosnan made his west end
stage bow in 1976, and appeared in his first film, the long good
friday, four years later. american audiences got their first
glimpse of the charismatic, muscular young actor in the 1981
network miniseries the manions of america. the following year,
pierce brosnan was cast as the suave adventurer hero of the
weekly tv series remington steele.
the actor's casual panache and his gift for quippery led the
producers of the james bond movies to select pierce brosnan as
the new bond upon the departure of roger moore in 1986. at the
last moment, the canceled remington steele was renewed, and
pierce brosnan was contractually obligated to remain with the
program, forcing him to relinquish the james bond role to the
less suitable timothy dalton. it later became evident that the
renewal of steele was something of a subterfuge by its producers
to keep pierce brosnan on their leash. this professional setback
was compounded by personal tragedy seven years later when pierce
brosnan's actress wife cassandra harris died after a long
illness. cast in a choice secondary role in the megahit 1993
comedy mrs. doubtfire, pierce brosnan regained his motion picture bankability, and at last report the actor was preparing to make
his long-awaited debut in the role of james bond.
top of this page


biography || filmography || articles || picture
gallery || links
remington steele || stephanie zimbalist
 


links to  james bond pages with more info on pierce brosnan can be
found below.
more links to pierce brosnan stuff can also be found on my remington steele links page.
kimberly
last's main
pierce brosnan page. massive collection of links to almost
everything that is available on pierce brosnan on the web. you
can find her pierce
brosnan biography here.
melissa
jones' pierce
brosnan page and her remington
steele gallery.
positively
pierce by jenny shield.
angela
nothdorf's pierce
brosnan page.
pierce
brosnan "in white" by chris martin. pierce brosnan
wallpapers.
a
few pictures of
pierce and a sound
file  (222k) at amy's place.
mr
showbiz celebrities: pierce
brosnan
yahoo!
webceleb: pierce
brosnan
movie
times: pierce brosnan
the
pierce brosnan newsgroup. if your provider doesn't carry the newsgroup, you can reach
alt.fan.pierce-brosnan via dejanews!
pierce
brosnan's monthly tv schedule from tvnow.
e!
online fact-sheet pierce
brosnan.

james bond pages:
jamesbond.com. the official
james bond web site by mgm/ua.
kimberly
last's james
bond, agent 007 ohmss page. lots of infos and links.
007 news by james
rumley and mkkbb. current infos on james bond. for his pierce
brosnan biography click here.
mr. kiss kiss bang bang!
the web magazine of the ian fleming foundation. original articles
and extensive info.
mkkbb is also the home of the alt.fan.james-bond
faq.
(note: you should read the faq before you go to the james bond newsgroup)
bondisback.com - the
world is not enough. great page, constantly updated.
nuvs' 007 shrine has a
large collection of video clips, sounds and images.
james bond: 007 forever
by michael "icebreaker" kersey.
another
pierce
brosnan biography is on nathan smith's bond, james bond page.
yet
another pierce
brosnan biography at sakari lehtonen's james bond page.
for
links to more bond pages visit kimberly last's ultimate
collection of james bond fan pages.
top of this page


biography || filmography || articles || picture
gallery || links
remington steele || stephanie zimbalist
 
please email suggestions, comments or additions
to
dpaeschke@bigfoot.de
disclaimer: this pierce brosnan
page a section of my remington steele page. it's an independent,
unofficial
fan effort and is not affiliated to pierce brosnan or mtm
productions in any way. it only exists for the
non-commercial, non-profit use by fans around the world and no
copyright infringment is intended.
last update: 09/29/02
hits since december 1996:







