




 


anpa - home



 



 



log in















home


join


donate



 




home




about us




sigs



catatonia sig




dementia sig




early career sig




epilepsy sig




forensic neuropsychiatry sig




functional neurological disorders sig




long covid sig




history of neuropsychiatry sig




neurodevelopmental and pediatric neuropsychiatry sig




neuroimaging sig




neuromodulation sig




sleep sig




traumatic brain injury sig







events



hotel and venue







call for abstracts




membership




early career



what's new







fellows




directory




donate




contact





2025 annual meeting program availableclick here to view the program




please join us for anpa's 35th annual meeting at le westin montréal
in montréal, québec, canada, from march 12-15, 2025!venue and accommodation information is available in the events section of our website: click hereregistration is open: click herecheck back soon for information on scientific program, association activities,  and more!
last updated december 12, 2024



montréal, québec, canadaimage source: https://www.pxfuel.com/en/free-photo-qmlgt

follow anpa on x (formerly twitter)!click here: @anpadirect

behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry: our medical subspecialty
recognizing the fundamental congruence between behavioral neurology and neuropsychiatry, the joint advisory committee on subspecialty certification of the american neuropsychiatric association (anpa) and the society for behavioral and cognitive neurology (sbcn) recommended in 2004 that these historically separate but parallel disciplines be merged into a single subspecialty area of medicine: behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry (bnnp). based on that recommendation and the strategic and enduring partnership between anpa and sbcn, the united council for neurologic subspecialties (ucns) approved bnnp for subspecialty recognition later that year. in 2005, the ucns began accepting applications for accreditation of behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry fellowship training programs at academic healthcare institutions in the united states. in 2006, accreditation of bnnp fellowships and certification of bnnp subspecialists by the ucns began. as of 2024, there are more than 45 ucns-accredited bnnp fellowship programs and 448 ucns-certified subspecialists (diplomates) in bnnp. anpa and sbcn remain the sponsoring organizations and medical society stewards of the bnnp subspecialty. 
bnnp fellowship training programs that are accredited by the ucns help their trainees achieve the standards of competence for physicians and the measures of excellence for training programs in their subspecialty field. accreditation is a voluntary process of evaluation and peer review based on ucns accreditation standards. 
the ucns also certifies subspecialists in bnnp. certification demonstrates to peers, employers, and patients that a physician has fulfilled a set of standards and knowledge requirements that sets them apart as a leader in their subspecialty field. physicians who are certified by the ucns have voluntarily taken extra steps to demonstrate their neurologic subspecialty expertise and knowledge by passing a high-stakes certification examination that is developed by subject-matter experts in their field. ucns certification has been the recognized certification for emerging neurologic subspecialties, including bnnp, since 2004.
visit the ucns website for more information about bnnp program accreditation, fellowship training, certification, and diplomates. for more information on the history of the development of the bnnp subspecialty, see pmid: 16525065 and pmid: 16720790.







 






 







our journal



our training

fellowships in behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry (bnnp) are available through training programs accredited by the united council for neurologic subspecialties (ucns).

anpa is proud to offer membership discounts to trainees & students!learn more

our president

david arciniegas, md, fanpa


 









looking for a new position?  see the "what's new" page for job opportunitiesnew positions and fellowships just added










see our events page for cme opportunities!














terms of use  privacy© 2016 american neuropsychiatric association (anpa). all rights reserved.anpa c/o mcc association management, po box 1804 alexandria, va 22313. anpaoffice@gmail.com













