





hotel timeshare resales international | timeshare reseller
























































































 





skip to content














  


search for:








homeadvantages buying timeshares resalesthe truth about pointsadvantages of timeshare resalestimeshare articles of interesttimeshare buyers listings searchbuyer’s faqspecial request formtimeshare videossellers looking to sell your timesharehtri advantagesseller’s faqup-front fee scam alertabout us credentialsmy promiseprivacy policycontact us 











loading...







welcome to hotel timeshare resales international 



 call us 800-808-5651 
a better way to buy and sell timeshares!sm since 1996 


listings search

selling timeshares 















we are the recognized timeshare resale specialists in these luxurious resorts.



search by resort, developer or location









type
name




type
name





marriott timeshare resales
view marriott listingswe are one of the largest marriott vacation club international independent resellers worldwide!
marriott’s desert springs villas
this desert oasis is a golfer’s paradise or enjoy any of the other recreational activities available at the luxurious desert springs villas.
marriott destination points resales
view marriott destination points listingswe are one of the largest marriott vacation club points  resellers!
marriott’s destination points

marriott vacation club points give you flexible vacations at marriott vacation club resorts and other dream vacations such as cruises, tours, exchanges, hotel stays and travel services.
hyatt residence club timeshare resales
view hyatt residence club listingshyatt residence club resale specialists
hyatt residence club tahoe, high sierra lodge
enjoy the best that lake tahoe has to offer. beautiful views, relaxing environment, winter sports, and summer activities. skiing, golf, hiking, boating, high sierra lodge has it all.
hilton timeshare resales
view hilton listingshilton grand vacation club resale specialists
hilton hawaiian village lagoon tower
on the beach at waikiki, surfing, swimming, shopping, fine restaurants all nearby.
vistana vacation network timeshare resales
view vistana listingsvistana, westin, and sheraton resale specialists
westin desert willow villas
jewel of the desert. golf, shopping, and spectacular views. convenient to all of the fun activities in the coachella valley.
embarc timeshare resales
view embarc listingsembarc resale specialists
embarc
beautiful resorts are yours with a points based program at unique locations and easy access to plenty of activities.
four seasons timeshare resales
view four seasons listingsfour seasons residence club resale specialists
four seasons aviara
luxury resort with deluxe accommodations. golf, shopping, and the beautiful pacific ocean nearby. convenient to sea world, legoland, the san diego zoo and all of the fun activities in the san diego area.
where next?


hawaiilas vegascaliforniaflorida

our team of experts offer mouth watering special offers. from gorgeous golf to awe-inspiring beaches, our collection of destinations is irresistible.
who are we?
our staff has over 85 years of timeshare experience in sales, marketing and quality assurance. my commitment to timeshare owners is to accomplish the same degree of credibility and excellence as the brand developers, only in the resale market. while other resale companies boast about their huge listing inventories, we on the other hand are proud that we only carry the timeshare resale properties that meet our standards and our clients’ high expectations.
read more
“once you travelled, the voyage never ends, but is played out over and over again in the quietest chambers. the mind can never break off from the journey.”
pat conroy
“twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. so throw off the bowlines, sail away from the safe harbor. catch the trade winds in your sails. explore. dream. discover.”
mark twaintravel blog

when it comes to our advice we’re proud to say we’re different. we offer something a little more special.



unlock luxury: marriott’s newport coast villas timeshare resaleswhen it comes to vacationing in the heart of southern california, there’s no better option than marriott’s newport coast villas. perched above the stunning pacific coastline, this mediterranean-style resort [...]








coastal living


						gallery					







coastal livingcoastal living – december 1997 by diane harris “the entry of big names like disney and marriott has transformed much of the once –troubled industry into an upscale vacation [...]





 
 





 
privacy policy | sitemap
accessibility statement

 

 

 

 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2014 -     hotel timeshare resales international, inc.   |   all rights reserved 
inventory subject to change at any time. please call to check current availability.	


facebooktwitter
 
 
 
 


 
 




















































































































open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset













go to top




