














pierceoff: australia's #1 online body piercing jewellery store










































skip to main content




follow us:




facebook
instagram




 got a question? send us an email
 free shipping over $50*
































$0.00






free shipping (when you spend over $50)*




experts in body jewellery & piercing




excellent trust pilot rating












search site


















search site






shop by














back




body part










back



ear

eyebrow

genital

lip

navel

nipple

nose

septum

surface

tongue


view all body part




jewellery type










back



aftercare

attachments, pins & balls

ball closure rings

bananabells

barbells

circular barbells

clickers

components

continuous & segment rings

curved barbells

ear studs, cuffs and ear drops

ear weights & hangers

fake piercing

finger rings

heavy gauge

industrials

labrets

navel bananabells

nose studs

plugs / tunnels / tapers stretchers

retainers

screw-in ball rings

septum jewellery

skin divers / dermal anchors

spirals, twists, claws, crescents and drops

threadless

tools


view all jewellery type




brands










back



bioplast

sinful pleasures

zenith


view all brands




view all shop by








check out our sale items

learn more









best sellers



new arrivals



clearance



sale



sinful pleasures



blog









wishlists







cart ($0.00)







free shipping (when you spend over $50)*




experts in body jewellery & piercing




excellent trust pilot rating
































































special discountsredeem loyalty points on purchases and accesslearn more









previous






next




shop by body part



ear




eyebrow




genital




lip




navel




nipple




nose




septum




surface




tongue




featured products














(1)

surgical steel annealed steel heart
po-ahr



$8.80










quick view














make 4 interest-free payments of  $2.20  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(1)

bright gold prong set jewelled septum clicker
po-ejsm07



$33.45










quick view














make 4 interest-free payments of  $8.36  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

stretching crescents
po-estc



$12.20










quick view














make 4 interest-free payments of  $3.05  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

titanium circular barbells
po-etcb



$13.85










quick view














make 4 interest-free payments of  $3.46  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

bright gold pvd pineapple nose stud : 0.8mm (20ga) x pony tail
po-fno11



$17.25










add to cart














make 4 interest-free payments of  $4.31  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

steel basicline® heart nose bone
po-nsf01



$5.50










quick view














make 4 interest-free payments of  $1.38  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

surgical steel synthetic opal ball nose stud
po-opn



$13.63










quick view














make 4 interest-free payments of  $3.41  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

top drop navel ring with black enamel cross with red gem center
po-fan130



$8.10










add to cart














make 4 interest-free payments of  $2.02  fortnightly and receive your order now.















blog
pierceoff threadless body jewellery


threadless body jewellery is here!

a versatile and easy to use push/pull style of body jewellery, threadless body jewellery is the la
learn more pierceoff threadless body jewellery












jewellery type
circular barbells
shop now














jewellery type
ball closure
shop now










new arrivals














(0)

gold plated titanium micro bananabell with clear crystal
po-bg-tisgbbn



$27.42










quick view






new








make 4 interest-free payments of  $6.86  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

gold pvd 18k coated surgical steel jewelled threadless disc.
po-gptld.080.025



$6.45










add to cart














make 4 interest-free payments of  $1.61  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

surgical steel hinged segment clicker
po-ewh01



$28.65










add to cart














make 4 interest-free payments of  $7.16  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

surgical stainless steel charm - dragonfly
po-chrm02



$9.48










add to cart














make 4 interest-free payments of  $2.37  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

black pvd coated surgical steel clear jewelled multi-purpose clicker
po-bshst01.080.060



$36.00










add to cart














make 4 interest-free payments of  $9.00  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

gold plated dager charm with jewel
po-bgchr09



$13.48










add to cart














make 4 interest-free payments of  $3.37  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

gold pvd coated surgical steel jewelled hinged segment ring
po-bghst2.012.100



$25.55










add to cart














make 4 interest-free payments of  $6.39  fortnightly and receive your order now.






















(0)

gold pvd coated surgical steel jewelled multi-purpose clicker
po-bghst3.080.100



$15.61










add to cart














make 4 interest-free payments of  $3.90  fortnightly and receive your order now.














australia’s home of body piercing jewellery 
do it your way and let your personality shine through with our amazing collection of body and facial piercing jewellery online.




we stock everything from ear studs and barbells to  plugs and tunnels
we have been in the industry for more than 15 years and pride ourselves on the breadth and quality of our range. 





it’s never been easier to buy body jewellery 
when you buy body jewellery in australia from our online shop, you are saving both time and money. 




what people are saying






sean









amazing quality
great higher gauge barbells at an excellent price.













s









great
wear everyday













mandy dinh









happy with my purchase
got them to use for my navel piercings. super comfy and good quality. just a heads up they are externally threaded.













jane









titanium rainbow
love the colour and titanium. very good quality. i have brought brow piercing elsewhere and the quality isn’t as good as the quality of the brow piercings from pierceoff.













jane









titanium rainbow
love the colour and titanium. very good quality. i have brought brow piercing elsewhere and the quality isn’t as good as the quality of the brow piercings from pierceoff.













jane









black micro bananaball
i like the colour and the size. worth the money. very happy













peter harnwell









review steel chain nipple barbell 1.6mm (14ga) x 1
the product was exactly as described, fits well, looks good













maree larter









look great
i used these black labrets in my lobe  and they are great, they stand out compared to silver. they look good with my black frame glasses.  i have problems with my hands and while they are fiddly to get the ball on the end i can remove them easier than normal stud earrings.













sale









internally threaded labret
this bar is the perfect length for my ashley piercing!! 12mm is too short and 14mm is way too long, i’m so glad i found this bar in this length! seriously perfect.













richard









excellent product
the quality of the 10mm x 19mm steel basicline monster screw in ball ring is very good, smooth and good finish. recommended













richard









thanks
perfect size great quality and my custom size ordered barbel arrived 4 days after my online purchase.













brett









i finally found a comfortable silicone plug
since i've been 22mm i haven't been able to find a comfortable silicone plug for night or to wear gaming, this are thin, super flexible and don't cut in or slide out. i wish i found them sooner











australia’s home of body piercing jewellery
do it your way and let your personality shine through with our amazing collection of body and facial piercing jewellery online. at pierceoff, we make it easy to get your hands on all the latest styles, timeless classics and innovative designs without it costing a fortune. simply put, there is no better place to buy body piercing jewellery in australia!
we stock everything from ear studs and barbells to plugs and tunnels
we have been in the industry for more than 15 years and pride ourselves on the breadth and quality of our range. when you shop at pierce off, you have access to a wide collection which includes belly bars, studs, plugs, sleepers, rings, spirals, barbells, tubes, flared eyelets and much more. our stock includes jewellery for your ear piercings, nose piercings, septum piercings and more.  whether you are looking for tongue bars, nipple piercing jewellery, navel (belly button) bars, helix piercing jewellery ear and whatever your style may be, you can be sure you’ll find the perfect piece at an affordable price in our online shop.
it’s never been easier to buy body jewellery
when you buy body jewellery in australia from our online shop, you are saving both time and money. we put you just a few clicks away from having quality products delivered straight to your front door at prices that won’t break the bank. whether you want a piercing for your helix, tragus or anywhere else, get it all from the comfort of your own home!
we offer free shipping with registered post offered as standard on orders over $50 and express post added free of charge when you spend over $105.
how can we help?
if you have questions or concerns of any kind, please don’t hesitate to contact our team for assistance at any time.
from belly rings and sleepers to plugs and tunnels, australia can rely on pierceoff for the best styles and great prices.
promo photography:
photo by megan ruth from pexels
photo by anton ponomarenko on unsplash
banner photography:

navel - photo by taylor harding on unsplash
hinged segment ring - photo by dmitriy ganin from pexels
afterpay - photo by guilherme almeida from pexels
trustpilot - photo by ivan samkov from pexels
 


read more


















subscribe
sign up to our newsletters for big discounts














material types






material types
surgical stainless steeltitaniumbright gold18ct, 14ct and 9ct goldview all material types




jewellery type






jewellery type
circular barbells nose studs & ringsnavel (belly button) ringsview all jewellery types




further info






further info
about uscontact usterms, conditions & privacyshipping & returnsjewellery helppierceoff pointspierceoff news












afterpay



mastercard



paypal express



visa




					copyright © 2025 pierceoff.
				

















don't forget

















steel basicline® internally threaded bananabell
po-hgban




									from $15.55








quick view








make 4 interest-free payments of  $3.89  fortnightly and receive your order now.

























internally threaded jewelled labrets
po-ejlb




									from $11.70








quick view








make 4 interest-free payments of  $2.92  fortnightly and receive your order now.

























titanium blackline® barbells
po-kbl




									from $19.55








quick view








make 4 interest-free payments of  $4.89  fortnightly and receive your order now.

























white o-ring
po-orc




									from $1.50








quick view








make 4 interest-free payments of  $0.38  fortnightly and receive your order now.

























steel basicline® open nosering
po-onr




									from $7.85








quick view








make 4 interest-free payments of  $1.96  fortnightly and receive your order now.

























titanium zirconline® jewelled disc for internally threaded jewellery
po-gdj




									from $20.75








quick view








make 4 interest-free payments of  $5.19  fortnightly and receive your order now.

























claw-set tragus barbell
po-ectr




									from $12.40








quick view








make 4 interest-free payments of  $3.10  fortnightly and receive your order now.

























sterling silver fashion claw set nose stud
po-silfcns




									from $1.00








quick view








make 4 interest-free payments of  $0.25  fortnightly and receive your order now.







































terms & conditions
×

delivery schedule:
we endeavour to ship your order within 24 hours and you will be notified by email that the goods have been shipped with a tracking number.
in the rare case that your ordered item is not in stock you will be contacted with alternatives (if possible) and the option of a full refund. upon request, you can be notified when and item is back in stock. if you are in urgent need of a particular item please contact us via enquiries@pierceoff.com.au and we can advise on availability.
all gold items may take up to 14-28 working days to be manufactured and delivered back into our warehouse. you will be notified if your custom piece has to be manufactured, and depending on the price may be asked to confirm the order as no returns will be accepted for custom products.
tax charges: all prices listed on our website are in australian dollars and include the applicable rate of gst. all international orders are gst free. orders from within australia with incur the gst tax and the breakdown of this will be displayed on the final checkout page. (gst tax is subject to change)
pierceoff is not responsible for any import, customs duties and/or taxes for international orders, nor are we responsible for the failure of customs to clear the order.
sale and clearance items: any sale or clearance items are whilst stocks last unless otherwise indicated.
returns policy: due to the nature of the products, we cannot exchange or refund purchased products if you have changed your mind. we do accept the return of faulty goods for credit or replacement. you must contact us within 5 working days of receiving your order to advise us if you have received faulty goods. we will either offer a replacement, full refund, credit or substitution at our discretion.
methods of payment: all orders are pre-paid. we accept credit card, debit card or paypal.
we accept the following credit cards: visa, mastercard and debit card. (no american express/amex) we require the cardholder’s name, address, the credit card number, expiry date and the ccv (the last 3 digits of the number on the signature strip of your credit card).
please note that our online checkout is secure and that we do not store your credit card number. 
disclaimer
although great care has been taken in compiling and checking the information contained on this site pierceoff disclaims any and all liability from error, omissions or inaccuracies whether attributable to inadvertence or otherwise, and from any consequences arising there from. all information contained herein is based on the present state of knowledge. pierceoff reserve the right to adjust technical specification on notification by manufacturers without prior notification. e&oe 
privacy policy
our privacy policy covers pierceoff's treatment of personal information that pierceoff.com.au collects when you place an order on the pierceoff.com.au web site, or when you use any of pierceoff.com.au's other services.
this policy does not apply to the practices of companies that pierceoff.com.au does not own or control, or to people that pierceoff.com.au does not employ or manage.
information collection and use
pierceoff.com.au collects personal information when you place an order on pierceoff.com.au, or register for a pierceoff.com.au update or newsletter.
information you supply when placing an order will only be used in fullfillment of that order. for your convenience, we store this information for future potential orders. this information is only accessible using your password that you set when registering for the first time.
if you choose to register to our newsletter, you will receive email messages from pierceoff.com.au only.
pierceoff.com.au also automatically receives and records anonymous information on our server logs from your browser including your ip address, browser type and version. this is for traffic reporting purposes and is standard practise.
information sharing and disclosure
pierceoff.com.au will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
pierceoff.com.au will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:

we have your consent to share the information;
we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of pierceoff.com.au to provide a product or service to you. (unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.);
we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
we find that your actions on our web sites violate the general terms of service, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.

cookies
pierceoff.com.au may set and access cookies on your computer. cookies are required for the shopping cart to function.
close







privacy policy
×

this privacy policy sets out how we uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.

we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

we may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
what we collect
we may collect the following information:

name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

what we do with the information we gather
we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

internal record keeping.
we may use the information to improve our products and services.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.

security
we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
how we use cookies
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
controlling your personal information
you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us.

we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

close



























×




shop now. pay later. always interest-free.




add your favourites to cart



select afterpay at checkout



log into or create your afterpay account, with instant approval decision



your purchase will be split into 4 payments, payable every 2 weeks



all you need to apply is to have a debit or credit card, to be over 18 years of age, and to be a resident of country offering afterpay
late fees and additional eligibility criteria apply. the first payment may be due at the time of purchase
for complete terms visit https://www.afterpay.com/terms






 






























pierceoff point
login to get reward or redeem your pierceoff points!
login













