








	home - schoolscience.co.uk







































competitionseventsresearch focussciencelinkmost recentnewsletter





















search













homeages 5 - 7ages 7 - 11ages 11-14ages 14-16ages 16-19teacher zoneaboutpartners





















homeages 5 - 7farming stemterpriseages 7 - 11resourcesages 11-14ages 14-16ages 16-19teacher zoneaboutpartners








competitionseventsresearch focussciencelinkmost recentnewsletter






search


















energy townnew horizons in medicinegchq christmas quiz










latest resources




kindred squared seen programme


the seen programme (secondary education around early neurodevelopment)
    provides secondary schools with lesson plans, teaching resources and
    staff training to deliver this important content to young people.





space fun from the european space agency


esa kids offers a great selection of topical articles, information and activities relating to space exploration and space technology.





a free online resource featuring stem careers role models


people like us is aimed at students aged 9-14 years. it features 11 people from ordinary backgrounds, talking on camera. all have struggles with challenges but gone on to find their passion in a stem job.




planet possibility


planet possibility is a project funded by the iop challenge fund and is
    intended to attract young people from under-represented groups to
    careers in physics in the uk. it has now launched its full digital
    platform.







periodic odyssey


learn to decode the symbols of some commonly encountered elements and find out how these elements are used in real life. ase has teamed up with minecraft to develop a learning activity for students aged 11-13 years.













newsletter
sign up to our newsletter

news





2025 technicians summer conference (11/7/25) - exhibition stand bookings now open



2025 technicians summer conference in yorkshire - session proposal invitation



training example webform (for testing)



science on stage 2026 festival application




twitter - @schoolsciencefollow @schoolscience

















about
schoolscience provides free learning resources, information and news for science education worldwide.


brought to you by















sitemapdisclaimercontactprivacy policy
© 2025 schoolscience.co.uk










