



americana rv


















 












 

 




home
|
contact us
|
sitemap




 


call now! 800-552-5250


 

















» unique features and
                                 options
» rt 33/34 rl desk wb


» floorplans
» rt 38/39 rl desk wb


» standard features
» rt 38/39 sb


» rt 38/39 rl desk sb
» rt 37/38 triple slide











» unique features and options



» exterior



» living room & kitchen



» bedroom & bathroom



» floorplans












» unique features and options
» skp 35/36rk


» floorplans
» skp 37/38rl


» standard features
» skp 39/40sb 












» side wall part i


» side wall part ii


» frame & roof


» driving


» rt 33/34 model


» rt 37/38 model


 


» teddy


» towing dynamics


» going to indiana


» sequoyah exterior


» sequoyah interior


» lc 33/34 model













» factory ordering
 
» testimonials


» factory delivery
 
» nebraska home


» company info 
 
» it's nice to be liked


» note from russ
 
» true life rv stories


» teddy bear story
 
» checkout procedure


» the kammerer's americana experience


» americana new customer towing checkout


» colonel alpo's report










» inverter


» americana green solar 










» eight below


» frames   and floors 


» rollover


» value


» air ride suspension


» construction overview












» aerodynamics 


» mileage report


» fuel economy run 


 


» hansen towing report 


» walla walla report


» 50k mile towing report

















rt model•sequoyah model•travel bug model•video•the americana way•green rv•construction•performance




































home





testimonials





display model sale





maneuverability





russ's towing school





what about warranty?





faqs





rv buzz blog









contact us
	for custom
factory order











dealer login










 


username:








password:











 












 




 


americana rv


colorado river factory order
                  display center


2651 highway 95
                  bullhead city, az 86642


phone: 800-552-5250


fax: 949-248-0369


 




 




 



 




 







 







welcome to americana rv


 





 










 
five americana models, all in a row at the elkhart, indiana campground near the   factory. the new owners met for one of our group checkout sessions in near the   factory, saving them several thousands of dollars in freight charges. â when this   snap-shot was made, most of these new americana owners had ventured away to the   super walmart for misc. supplies and the recommended torque wrench to make sure   their lug nuts are correctly tightened before each planned trip. â among the   advantages of picking up at the factory is the defeat ofâ murphyâ and his law
 






 to borrow from james bond, "nobody does it  better!".  and nobody does it like us.  we are a  unique fifth wheel company with a unique product serving unique  customers.  very few weekend vacationers select  us.  why?  because we cater to the needs of customers who  are ready to leave their old lives behind and hit the open road, customers who  are looking for a fifth wheel that will keep them warm, comfortable, and cozy  for the next 10, 15, 20 years as their primary residence.  full  timing in your fifth wheel has never been a more popular option that it is  right now.  people all over the country realize that they can get  more bang for their buck by joining the legions of full time rvers than from  any other lifestyle.  following the sun, and their dreams, our  customers get more out of life than just about anybody on the planet, and they  do it in a fifth wheel specifically designed for their needs, the americana rt model fifthwheel.  how do  we do this? 


 


 
quality: 

                                  our engineering includes features found nowhere else,  features designed to make your life of freedom comfortable, hassle free, and  fun.  we do this by focusing on quality, value, and innovation - all  geared toward the needs of the toughest customers around - the full time  rver.  full timers know what they want.  they have been  around the block a few times and put a few miles under their  belts.  they are usually not first time rv buyers, and they are aware  of what makes a fifth wheel a good value, what features are important for a  life on the road, and what features are nothing more than eye candy and a waste  of money.  for thirty years we have been listening to the needs of  our customers, and our current product is the result of paying attention to our  customer's wants and needs (both the husbands and the wives). 

                                  innovation: 

                                  we offer unheard of features found practically nowhere  else.  where else will you find an rv that can be equipped with self  sustaining solar panels? read a green report from our customers the fairbanks to see what this could mean for you. 

                                  we dare you to find features like this on any other fifth  wheel in our price range:                                  

air ride suspension - don't know why this  matters?  once you try towing one of our fifth wheels with our air  ride suspension, you'll get it.
hydraulic disc brakes - safety, performance, and  peace of mind.  you'll never go back to any other stopping system.
four seasons insulation  - try being in 10 degree weather  without it, or in 110 degree weather, for that matter.
                                  

                                    value: 

                                  all of our models include these features - at no extra  charge!   at americana,  while our prices are extremely competitive, even against far inferior fifth  wheels, our focus is on value over price.   nobody can beat the  value we offer, especially for full timers and snow  birds.   when purchasing a full time rv, quality trumps  everything else.  and quality at a fair price?  that's just  a bonus - one we offer our customers. 

                                  live life on the road with all the comforts of  home.  granite counter tops?  we've got 'em.  instant,  endless hot water?  got that too.  vessel sinks, timken  wheel bearings, led running lights....the list of unique americana features and options goes on and on.  visit our unique features and options page  to see the complete list.

                                  quality.  innovation.  value.  it's  the americana way.
                                  
we build "tuff" fifthwheels for tough customers! 


 







 




 
"our f350 and the new rt 38/39 sb model,  "a true snowbird".  getting ready to head out from our elkhart indiana  upfitting center  for warmer climes at our factory order display location on the colorado river  in arizona.   we may be four seasons insulated, but most of our customers prefer sun to  snow."
 






 
















below is an e-mail from colonel alpo regarding his recent americana fifthwheel purchase.  be sure to read his full report of his buying experience by clicking here.









 




 


"conversation: an article for the website (unclassified)
												  subject: an article for the website (unclassified)
												  classification: unclassified
												  caveats: none


												  russ! jerry! ron!
												  wanted to pass this article for the website to you before we get into
												the holiday run-up with my 50 foreign officers.
												all is well on this end.  truck great, rig great.  gail and i went out
												to the rv campground last weekend and "winterized" the rv.  sent a
												couple of e-mails to ron for advice (mostly on how to best get rv
												anti-freeze through the system --painless--thanks ron).
												she is now in her site at the local campground (western village rv
												park---nice folks and cool website) about 3 miles from the house.  we
												unplugged everything and turned off the compressor (before i figured out
												we could've just turned off the red master switch in the basement--duh).
												solar panel/inverter keeping the batteries charged.
												russ, if you want to use the article on the website, that is fine by us.
												we don't have any digital photos, so if you want to use the one from the
												website and add some of the ones you took while we were in elkhart, that
												is fine by us.
												have had a lot of ooh-ing and aah-ing from the full-timers at the
												campground and snow-birders headed south when they see the rig.  one guy
												came in with a brand new $400k class a, berthed next to ours, came
												on-board our rig and started cussing like an sob...the interior of his
												$400k coach looks like ghetto compared to ours and he was not happy with
												his return on investment.  needless to say, we told him all about
												americana...maybe a future buyer!
												hope ya'll are doing well.
												regards from carlisle
												alpo & gail
												col alpo
												us army war college



												  





 







 













 







rt model|sequoyah model|travel bug model|video|display model sale|maneuverability|features|options|contact us|sitemap 




 





copyright © 2009 - americana rv,  all rights reserved.
 
 other sites: air beds|warehouse liquidation 




 
















