




scott polar research institute, cambridge
























skip to primary navigation
skip to content








study at cambridge


about the university


research at cambridge









search site























home






study at cambridge




undergraduate


courses


applying


events and open days


fees and finance


student blogs and videos








postgraduate


why cambridge


qualifications directory


how to apply
fees and funding
frequently asked questions







international students


continuing education


executive and professional education


courses in education






about the university




how the university and colleges work


history


visiting the university


term dates and calendars


map






for media


video and audio


publications


international cambridge






news


events


public engagement


jobs


giving to cambridge






research at cambridge





for staff


for current students


for alumni


for business


colleges & departments


libraries & facilities


museums & collections


email & phone search











						 												
					


scott polar research institute
department of geography, university of cambridge










about
about  – overview
people at spri
news from spri
history of the institute
annual reviews
governance
vacancies
other organisations at spri
links to external resources
gino watkins fund



research
research  – overview
glacimarine environments
glaciology and climate change
histories, cultures, environments and politics (hcep)
polar landscape and remote sensing
people at the institute
publications
theses by spri students
research grants
seminars


see also:

research  – overview
doctoral research
mphil in polar studies
spri review



study
study  – overview
mphil in polar studies
phd – doctoral research
dissertations & theses by spri students
visiting phd students


the polar museum
the polar museum  – overview
visitor information
accessibility at the polar museum
learning resources
online catalogue
shackleton online
museum news blog
information for teachers
book a group or school visit
special events
exhibitions
sign up for our newsletter


for researchers
for researchers  – overview
library
archives
picture library - search & access
museum collections - search & access
visiting scholars
polar organisations directory
external resources


what's on
what's on  – overview
research seminars and talks
public events
museum exhibitions
friends' events


shop 
shop  – overview
museum shop
picture library prints
platinum palladium editions


centenary
centenary  – overview
online exhibition
latest news blog
our past
our present
events & news
support us


get involved
get involved  – overview
join the friends of spri
volunteering and work experience
make a donation or sponsor us
artist in residence scheme


contacts
contacts  – overview
staff and students
how to find us
media enquiries
webmaster





















research at spri









visit the polar museum









mphil and phd study









spri library









glacimarine environments research









glaciology and climate change research









polar social science and humanities research









polar landscape and remote sensing research






 











welcome to spri
spri's mission is to enhance the understanding of the polar regions through scholarly research and publication, educating new generations of polar researchers, caring for and making accessible its collections, and projecting the history and environmental significance of the polar regions to the wider community.









research at spri
we investigate a range of issues in the environmental sciences, social sciences, arts and humanities of relevance to the arctic and antarctica.
read more











postgraduate study
spri has a friendly community of postgraduate students, working for the phd degree or the mphil in polar studies.
read more











the polar museum
the scott polar research institute holds a unique collection illustrating polar exploration, history and science. find out how past discoveries in the arctic and antarctic help today's scientists to investigate our changing environment.
read more










staff and students
spri's staff publish regularly in a range of leading journals, and attract research funding from a wide variety of sources.
read more









library
the library offers a collection with over 700 current journals and over 250,000 printed works covering all subjects relating to the arctic, the antarctic, and to ice and snow wherever found.
library catalogue









 latest news




dalam network educates about decolonization of metadata
6th february, 2025
 

dalam, the university of the arctic thematic network on the decolonization of arctic library and archives metadata focuses on library subject headings and classification systems, archival descriptions, and other metadata that are incorrect, culturally inappropriate, derogatory or otherwise unacceptable within polar libraries and archives.


established in 2023, dalam is bringing together resources related to the decolonization of metadata, creating spaces for people to come together to discuss these issues and providing education and training on these topics to the library and archival community as well as to the general public.
peter lund of spri and others write about recent work, in a success story "dalam network educates about decolonization of metadata".



professor gareth rees shortlisted for iasc medal
2nd february, 2025
 
gareth rees, professor of polar geoinformatics at the scott polar research institute, has been shortlisted for the 2025 medal of the international arctic science committee (iasc), for his outstanding achievements in educating a generation of researchers, dedication to outreach activities and exploration of different ways to work with the arctic and its people.
iasc medals are awarded in recognition of exceptional and sustained contributions to the understanding of the arctic. the winner is expected to be announced at the end of february.
read more …


greenlandic foreign minister visits spri
17th january, 2025
 
vivian motzfeldt, greenlandic minister for statehood and foreign affairs, visited the scott polar research institute on 14 january. the minister was accompanied by a delegation from the government of greenland and a representative from the british embassy in copenhagen. the group were welcomed by professor richard powell, director of spri, and colleagues. the delegation enjoyed tours and discussions about ongoing spri research, teaching and collections strategies involving greenland. it was a very successful visit and all agreed that it would lead to future collaborations.


in the arctic, planting more trees actually makes the world warmer
4th january, 2025
 
writing in the conversation, professor marc macias-fauria and j kristensen (århus univ, denmark) argue that high latitude tree planting will accelerate global warming, considering an article published in nature geoscience.
arctic tree planting has been championed to mitigate climate change. but trees planted in the wrong places can make global warming worse. carbon sequestered and stored by trees is only one aspect of their climatic effects. first, land becomes darker with trees planted on previously open landscapes like the tundra, absorbing more sunlight. second, soil carbon (high latitudes' largest carbon reservoir) is mobilised, increasing emissions. third, these tree plantations are vulnerable to disturbance. finally, they damage arctic biodiversity and traditional livelihoods.
other land management options exist involving large herbivores. ultimately, it is up for arctic communities to lead on any climate solution affecting their land.


tree planting is no climate solution at northern high latitudes
8th november, 2024
 
writing in the journal nature geoscience, an international group of scientists led by researchers at the university of århus and the university of cambridge, argue that tree planting at high latitudes will accelerate, rather than decelerate, global warming.
as climate continues to warm, trees can be planted further and further north, and large-scale tree-planting projects in the arctic have been championed as a way to mitigate the worst effects of climate change. however, when trees are planted in the wrong places - such as normally treeless tundra and mires, as well as large areas of the boreal forest with relatively open tree canopies - they can make global warming worse.

view all news




      


spri centenary

our centenary campaign aims to build the endowment funds of the institute to support new academic posts, to enhance our ability to undertake polar fieldwork, to secure the future of our museum and archive activities, and to train the next generation of polar researchers.



seminars, workshops & lectures



20th february 2025:arctic-europe relations: a case study of inter-regional co-construction and its geopolitical impacts. details…scott polar research institute - polar humanities and social sciences ecr workshop
25th february 2025:glacial fractures: an environmental art history of sioqqap sermia, greenland. details…scott polar research institute - hcep (histories, cultures, environments and politics) research seminars
27th february 2025:antarctic atmospheric rivers in the present and future climates. details…scott polar research institute - polar physical sciences seminar
more seminars…



tweets by scottpolar 











about

search
contact us
^ top





colophon

about this site
site privacy & cookie policies
sitemap





 







login with raven


 

page last updated:11th january 2024 by webmaster










© 2025 university of cambridge


university a-z


contact the university


accessibility


freedom of information


terms and conditions







study at cambridge


undergraduate


postgraduate


international students


continuing education


executive and professional education


courses in education







about the university


how the university and colleges work


visiting the university


map


news


events


jobs


giving to cambridge






research at cambridge


news


spotlight on...


about research at cambridge










 




