











houston golf club: lessons, tee times, & fittings | cypresswood



























please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility











 




skip to main content









play pass packages on sale here




















          




book online

book a tee time
purchase gift cards

















 
slide 1slide2slide3 











 
slide 1tee timesyour next round is just a click away!
book onlineslide 2golf outings36 holes of golf • up to 288 golfers
learn moreslide 3lesson programscertified golf instruction for all players and abilities.
learn more 













 


home
book tee times
golf course 

course info & photos
rates & greens fees
play pass packages
weekly league
senior golf association
golf instruction 

learn to play golf
play better golf
custom club fitting
flightscope
online lesson booking
junior golf camps
junior golf academy
golf outings 

golf outings & events
gifts & merchandise
calendar of events
event registration
contact & more 

gift cards
loyalty rewards
join our email club
blog & golf tips
preferred hotels
employment
contact & directions

 

 










 

tee times  (281) 821-6300


cypresswood golf club21602 cypresswood drivespring, tx 77373



























        36 holes of golf • 2 award-winning layouts    






















imagine not hearing the hum of a highway, imagine not having a single home flanking the fairways, imagine just you and a golf course that designer keith foster calls the best piece of ground in the piney woods of east texas. sculpted into the rolling terrain along the spring creek, cypresswood golf club in houston is 36 holes of award-winning, championship golf, open to public play. the tradition course and the cypress course are consistently rated as the top public play courses in the houston area.




    
        book your tee time    
        




    
        explore the courses    
        



















        cypresswood spotlight    








junior golf & camps
check out our junior academy & summer camps!

learn more













learn to play golf
classes tailored to teach you everything you need to know about stepping onto a golf course for the first time. 

learn more













callaway custom fitting
want to lower your score and have more fun playing the game? we are a certified callaway fitting studio.

learn more













gift cards
looking for that perfect gift? purchase a cypresswood gift card and score big with the golfer in your life!

learn more













improve with flightscope
the flightscope xi measures a variety of data, including ball speed, launch angle & more. add to your next lesson!

learn more













tournaments & outings
find out why cypresswood attracts outings, charity, and corporate events from all over the houston area.

learn more
















        what our customers are saying    











looking for a tee time?
call (281) 821-6300 or book online.





    
        book a tee time    
    












hometee timesgolf courserates & feesplay pass packagesweekly league



















golf outingscustom club fittinggift cardsloyalty rewardsvip email clubcontact & location



© cypresswood golf club • 21602 cypresswood drive • spring, tx 77373(281) 821-6300 • contact • sitemap • privacy policy • website by: the rwm company









 




×




×




march 16th @ 8:00am
4 person scramble
information 





