




  






home - hba of west florida, fl




















 





































the home builders association of west florida is a membership driven networking and advocacy group focused on the needs of the building & development industry and related business in escambia and santa rosa county.






























 toggle navigation    





industry resources
directory

members

member map
join
member perks
member deals
membership information
member to member
member login
code of ethics



about us

about us
board of directors
visitor's info
contact us
association staff
frequently asked questions
leadership board
councils & committees



events 

tradesman education council
events list
events calendar
weather
cornerstone publication
golf tournament
parade of homes
home & product expo



government affairs

government affairs
florida's immigration law: fact vs fiction
state links
national links



consumer info

made in america!
doing your homework before hiring a contractor
affordable housing
choosing a builder
choosing a remodeler
nahb green cerification information
remodeling tips
hurricane proofing
protecting property
home investment
home maintenance
home ownership
dealing with molds
learn the lingo
























join today









find a member









view events



















pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events



































                                                    as a member of the home builders association, you have access to discounts on manufacturer’s rebates on building products and services, and member to member benefits
                                                










                                                    the home builders association hosts many networking opportunities throughout the year including golf tournaments, clay shoots, and educational sessions.
                                                










                                                    with over 8,000 fhba members in florida, there is strength in numbers.
                                                










                                                    fhba is the leading voice for the residential building industry in florida.  we work to eliminate burdensome laws and regulations that improperly restrict our industry and increase the cost of homes.
                                                










                                                    we advocate to protect the interests of the home building industry on the local, state, and national level.
                                                












welcome to the hba of west florida!
the home builders association of west florida (hba) is a dynamic, volunteer-driven organization dedicated to ensuring safe, affordable housing for the people of escambia and santa rosa counties while protecting and representing its members so their businesses can grow and prosper in a free market economy.  founded in 1950, the home builders association of west florida is dedicated to promoting and protecting northwest florida's housing industry.

























quick links:




















cornerstone magazine









parade of homes  









 scholarship program


























member perks









become a member









before hiring a contractor




































the hba would like to congratulate alton lister of lister builders for receiving the florida home builders association’s remodeler of the year award.  alton is a hba of west florida past president and he currently serves on the hba west florida board of directors. we are very proud that he has been given this prestigious award.  alton also serves on the fhba executive board. we look forward to a very successful year ahead with him in the leadership.






































about us









join today









find a professional









view events















































































































join today
start benefiting from your membership today. sign up today and get your business more exposure. connect and grow your business with us.













join today!




























directory







deals







map







news







events










 hba of west florida

  4400 bayou blvd, suite 45, pensacola, fl 32503

  850. 476.0318

  jennifer@hbawf.com






© copyright 2025 hba of west florida. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by growthzone software.












 


