





nikola tesla information resource | books and online files















home
 | tesla
      writings | tesla patents 
      | tesla faq   | tesla
      on ac |  


tesla
        books |  glossary
      | links
bookstore 
      | newsletter
        | wholesale book list | contact
      us 
      |  reference section
 | search
 | site
      map













 tesla on critical water resource management,
* * * 

the next great achievement -- electrical control of
        atmospheric moisture * * *
in colorado  
		i succeeded one day in precipitating a dense fog.  there was a mist 
		outside, but when i turned on the current the cloud in the laboratory 
		became so dense that when the hand was held only a few inches from the 
		face it could not be seen.  i am positive in my conviction that we can 
		erect a plant of proper design in an arid region, work it according to 
		certain observations and rules, and by its means draw from the ocean 
		unlimited amounts of water for irrigation and power purposes. 
		. . . -- 
presentation of the edison medal to nikola tesla, 
				minutes of the annual meeting of the american institute of electrical engineers, held at the engineering societies building, new york city, friday evening, may 18, 1917.

every human effort 
		must of necessity create a disturbance.  what difference is there 
		in essence, between the commotion produced by any revolutionary idea or 
		improvement and that of a wireless transmitter?  the spectre of interference has been conjured by hertzwave 
		or radio telegraphy in which attunement is absolutely impossible, simply 
		because the effect diminishes rapidly with distance.  but  to 
		my system of energy transmission, based on the use of impulses not 
		sensibly diminishing with distance, perfect attunement and the higher 
		artifice of individualization are practicable.  
		as ever, the 
		ghost will vanish with the wireless dawn. --
		possibilities of wireless,  new york times, 
		october 22, 1907.

 














































ordering instructions


tesla book list




order form    










thank
        you for visiting the  21st century books website, an online
        tesla information resource.  use the site map
        'table of contents' page for ease of navigation.  for your reading enjoyment go to the selected
        tesla writings section, including the complete texts of 
		tesla's autobiography my inventions 
		and also "the problem of 
		increasing human energy, first appearing in the
        june 1900 century magazine.  written shortly after his
        return from colorado, this second piece describes tesla's vision of mankind's
        technological future.  the newsletter
        section contains articles about tesla and his work drawn from the
        tfcb feedline  newsletter, including a brief
        history of precision
        guided weapons. you might like the tesla
        q&a that contains many interesting facts about this creative
        individual.  a section called nikola tesla correspondence
        uses letters and other documents from the library
        of congress manuscript division microfilms of nikola tesla correspondence to reveal hidden biographical
        insights.  the glossary is a guide to some technical terms you'll encounter while learning about tesla's 
		engineering legacy.21st century books is also an online mail-order
        bookstore
        specializing in titles related to this visionary inventor.  browse
        through the complete
        book list   page where you'll find all of our tesla-related titles organized
        in a single place.  some recent additions to our catalog are
		scalar waves,
		scalar wave technology and the dvd 
		video presentation 
		power engineering scalar field theory : faraday vs. maxwell and a
      longitudinal wave demonstration, all by
      konstantin meyl.  another recently added title is
		the ultimate tesla coil design and
        construction guide by
        mitch tilbury.  and, read the preface,
        introduction, section iv. "apparatus for transformation by
        condenser discharges; damped waves" and the "wardenclyffe
        foreclosure proceedings" transcript from nikola
        tesla on his work with alternating currents and their application to
        wireless telegraphy, telephony and transmission of power.
in order to improve the
        accuracy of this site and to keep it up to date i request you write
        with your comments.  if
        you discover something that's obviously wrong, meaningless, poorly
        presented, totally lacking in science or for some other reason adding noise to
        the overall presentation of tesla's work, please let me know. 
an 
		introduction to tesla's ground and air system for wireless 
		telecommunications
nikola tesla on hot dry rock geothermal electrical power generation
wireless remote control and the electronic computer logic gate
1922 wardenclyffe foreclosure appeal proceedings
the tesla canon -- most important books
ideas & opinions of nikola tesla
my inventions











the
        bookmobile webring

bibliomania
        webring
tesla
        coil ring



newsletter
        signup



visa, 
		mastercard & discover
                    
		    
 accepted










this site was last updated on
10/30/19.
site map






















 search www  search www.tfcbooks.com 




















21st century
        books
        post office box 2001
        breckenridge, co 80424-2001
1998-2019 twenty-first
        century books, colorado
        all rights reserved

          




 


