



avon





































toggle navigation






homeabout usproductsinquirycontact us 







+91-9820084688




 





 




welcome to avon appliances

	established in the year 1984, we avon appliances pvt. ltd. are nearly 3 decade experienced organization dealing in manufacturing and supplying of professional cookware and kitchenware. as a young and dynamic company we began our first manufacturing unit in ankleshwar, gujarat(300 kms from bombay), india, and with our entire team effort we are now successful dealers, having an extensive network wide-spread across the world. with the aid of well-resourced infrastructure and accomplished professionals, we are able to extend and devise innovative products that redefine the stainless steel quality standards in the industry. our obligation towards quality and product excellence has been acknowledged widely by our global clients. further, we deliver unswerving quality, within set time frame which helps in placing our firm position in the international market.

read more






our latest products




explore professional products





explore household products











what client says





truly professional grade

this is such an excellent product, i have been using it since december 2017 and it’s my work horse . it’s tough and can handle high heat for long hours i have kept broth for simmering for 3 hours without worry, it’s expensive because it’s build quality is amazing. i bought another product for half the price but had to send it back because it only looked like this but couldn’t function like this casserole. will be ordering another of this for my kitchen.

ashish singh






quick  enquiry
get a question? we'd love to hear from you. send us a message and we'll respond as soon as possible.

 








 




 




 




 





















corporate information


company profile

products

contact us



subscribe our newsletter
want to know about our offers first?







connect with us

facebook
twitter
youtube
instragram









				© copyright avon appliances. all rights reserved




















