







type 1 ambulance, type 2 ambulance, type 3 ambulance manufacturer | wheeled coach






































































 











skip to content








 














  


search for:








ambulancestype 1 ambulancestype 2 ambulancestype 3 ambulancesall new citimedic®medium-dutyrolltek® airbag systemhigh-risk infection control ambulancenew ambulance deliveriesresourceswarranty registrationremountrev financial servicescareersdownloadable literaturewhy wheeled coachcontacteventsdealer locator 


search for:








ambulancestype 1 ambulancestype 2 ambulancestype 3 ambulancesall new citimedic®medium-dutyrolltek® airbag systemhigh-risk infection control ambulancenew ambulance deliveriesresourceswarranty registrationremountrev financial servicescareersdownloadable literaturewhy wheeled coachcontacteventsdealer locatorambulancestype 1 ambulancestype 2 ambulancestype 3 ambulancesall new citimedic®medium-dutyrolltek® airbag systemhigh-risk infection control ambulancenew ambulance deliveriesresourceswarranty registrationremountrev financial servicescareersdownloadable literaturewhy wheeled coachcontacteventsdealer locator 












loading...























homeclaudia garber2023-08-11t13:01:47+00:00 
fire service & ems ambulances
with a legacy and passion to deliver mission-critical durability, wheeled coach ambulances are born to perform under the most demanding conditions—and built to be as unbreakable as the spirit of those we serve.
that’s why every day, leading municipal fire departments and commercial ambulance companies in the country put their trust in wheeled coach.








the all new citimedic®
the redesigned citimedic ambulance delivers economy and efficiency to commercial ems providers, as well as municipal departments. the module is 2″ longer than previous models and provides an 8″ cab extension for more seat travel and comfort on the type 3.
learn more









type 1 ambulances
when every mission is critical, you need dependable products that perform and endure. our type 1 ambulances deliver the ultimate in durability, which comes from years of real-world experience operating in the harshest conditions. our ambulance bodies are built tough and fabricated with precision to the highest quality standards, with a full roll cage to protect your patients and crew.
learn more









type 2 ambulances
you need a partner in your corner who safeguards your responders and their patients. our type 2 ambulances are built tough to meet and exceed the rigors of service they encounter, keeping responders and patients safe. with the type 2, it’s safety first, always.
learn more









type 3 ambulances
our type 3 ambulance is specially engineered to perform in the most challenging conditions and deliver the reliability you need in the field. a fully extruded body protects responders as they navigate congested city streets or rural back roads. the type 3 is ready to perform under the greatest pressure.
learn more









medium-duty
nothing says, “getting the job done, no matter what” quite like our medium-duty ambulances. whether it’s fire service, ems, specialized medical care or otherwise, these units are built to serve your specific needs on a medium-duty chassis for superior performance and flexibility.
learn more









the all new citimedic®



type 1 ambulances



type 2 ambulances



type 3 ambulances



medium-duty




all ambulancesas unbreakable as the spirit of those we servewith a legacy and passion to deliver mission-critical durability, wheeled coach ambulances are born to perform under the most demanding conditions—and built to be as unbreakable as the spirit of those we serve.
every day, the hard-working men and women of wheeled coach continue to innovate the way we manufacture ambulances. that’s why every day, leading municipal fire departments and commercial ambulance companies in the country put their trust in wheeled coach.
ambulances built for every response
there are more wheeled coach ambulances on the road today than any other brand. that’s because we custom-build each of them to exacting standards to ensure every crew has exactly what they need to operate confidently, every day. no exceptions.
trust your mission to us
need an ambulance you’ve never seen before? one that has the compartments, aisle space, lighting configuration, and hvac system that meet your mission-specific demands? we can customize units to meet your unique specifications, delivering the flexibility to design your ems or fire service ambulance with the features that matter most.
born to perform
every wheeled coach is built tough to deliver long-term benefits that give you confidence. our mission is to protecting occupants while ensuring durability and reliability, so our team builds every ambulance body ourselves to the highest standards. we manufacture robust, hard-working ambulances that deliver the best possible value and performance, day in and day out.
it's all in the innovations
wheeled coach is an industry leader in innovations that enhance occupant safety and deliver the best value. from our safepass™ emergency exit system to our pure air filtration system™, our ambulances are always on the cutting edge. it is customer-driven innovations like these that make wheeled coach ambulances rock-solid performers for any operation.
decades of innovationwe’re ready to helphave questions about our products or services? we’d love to hear from you.
contact us(407) 677-7777




 
 





 

rev group
dealer resources
gsa customers
privacy policy
terms of use
accessibility
ada compliance statement
california assembly bill 1305 disclosure
 


2737 north forsyth rd winter park, fl 32792
(407) 677-7777
email us
 










 

 
 
 











©  rev group, inc, all rights reserved 

 
 
 
 


 
 




















































































we use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. if you continue to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies.ok




go to top




