










fast papers -  essays, term papers, professional essay services






































×
sign up and receive
10% off now!
offer valid on new sign-ups only!








i accept receiving promo codes and other educational info from this company.

get my code




"please check your email address for your code"
                    or error message here
































essay database


custom research papers

about us

questions

contact us

























search our papers   




























academic support just a click away!

                        professional research, essay, and custom writing support since 2000!
                    

learn more »






















recent papers



medical benefitsmarijuana legalization

                                                        this paper argues in favor of legalization of medical marijuana at the federal level. four pages in length, five sources are cited. 
                                                        ... more



proposal paper: tylenol tampering incidents

                                                        this 3 page paper gives an example research proposal paper about the tylenol tampering incidents in the 80's. this paper includes the cyanide poisoning incidents from 1982 and 1986. bibliography lists 3 sources. 
                                                        ... more



a competitive analysis for university of maryland university college

                                                        provides information on university of maryland university college's strategic position, as well as where it is from a competitive standpoint with other schools. swot, pestle and comparative analyses are included. there are 7 sources listed in the bibliography of this 8-page paper.
                                                        ... more



public school vs private school

                                                        this 7 page paper gives an example paper about the differences between private and public schools. this paper includes the ways in which public schools are better than private schools. bibliography lists 7 sources.
                                                        ... more



examining the technology lifecycle/acceptance cycle of blockchain

                                                        discusses the technology lifecycle, the technology acceptance cycle, and how it might pertain to blockchain technology and banking. there are 5 sources listed in the bibliography of this 3-page paper.
                                                        ... more


















recent papers



medication and cultures

                                                        this research paper describes how health beliefs and cultural views of medication influence health behaviors. three pages in length, four sources are cited

                                                        ... more



lone star college system

                                                        lone star college, founded in 1973, is the largest higher education institution in the houston, texas area. it is also one of the fastest-growing community colleges in the country. this essay begins by discussing this college system. it then moves on to discuss changes in enrollments in higher education institutions and the demographic and economic factors that have an impact. there are six sources used in this three page paper. 
                                                        ... more



systemic lupus erythematosus, an overview

                                                        this research paper pertains to systemic lupus erythematosus (lupus) and covers its symptoms, criteria for diagnosis, treatment and latest research. five pages in length, five sources are cited. 
                                                        ... more



water pollution, review of literature

                                                        this paper presents a brief discussion of scholarly literature that pertains to water pollution. three pages in length, five sources are cited. 
                                                        ... more



iran and the united states joint relationship

                                                        this 9 page paper gives an explanation of how the us and iran need to cooperate in order to maintain the us power in the middle east. this paper includes discussions of chinese and russian relations with iran. bibliography list 5 sources. 

                                                        ... more




















essay & research paper finder


















paper due soon?
we can help you with a custom paper.






have a question?
view frequently asked questions...






contacting us
if you would like to contact us, click here...










you guys saved my butt! i was stuggling finding some great research for my paper. i was able to use your essay search engine on your site
and find something already written to help me.  i'll be using this site again in my 2nd, 3rd and 4th year.
steven - ganiesville, fl




  customer testimonial
                





thanks for the well-written paper.  it was right on topic and it was valuable resource.
i'll be sharing the link to site with my friends.
tim - austin, tx




  customer testimonial
                    


































recent custom research for students

research paper on pineapple juice
research paper on internal service quality
research paper on water purification
research paper on family planning in india
research paper on baby boomers















research paper on artificial intelligence and robotics
research paper on homosexuality and religion
free research paper on learning disabilities
research paper on fingerprint recognition
research paper on kidney failure















free research paper on advertising
research paper on insurance in india
research paper on air pollution in delhi
full research paper on abortion
research paper on honey bees
















essay topics

accounting
sex & sexuality
theology
technology
history u.s.













research paper topics

international business
physical education
social security & welfare
utopian societies
medieval times













contacting us

the paper store enterprise, inc.

38 parry drive,
hainesport, nj
08036 usa


call or text 609-518-7811

email: info@fastpapers.com

































                    copyright © 2000-2025 the paper store enterprises, inc. & fast papers on-line. all rights reserved. search for your essay here.
                



                    u.s. based premium essay, research and term papers service since 2000.
                























