






national surgical adjuvant breast and bowel project (nsabp)












nsabp members' area
  password protected - access
  limited to nsabp participating
  institutions only
nsabp foundation, inc.

general nsabp information

  financial conflicts of     interest policy


  contact the nsabp





  employment 

clinical trials information

  clinical trials overview
  protocol chart
  never say lost

treatment trials information






  protocol b-51
  protocol b-52
  protocol b-53/s1207
  protocol b-55/big 6-13





prevention trials information

  protocol p-1 - bcpt
  protocol p-2 - star








to report problems, ask
questions or make comments,
please send e-mail to:
webmaster@nsabp.pitt.edu



over 50 years of clinical trial history        



the national surgical adjuvant breast and bowel project (nsabp) is a clinical trials cooperative group supported since its inception by the 
national cancer institute (nci). we have a more than 50-year history of designing and conducting 
clinical trials that have changed the way breast cancer is treated, and, more recently, prevented. it was the nsabp's breast cancer 
studies that led to the establishment of lumpectomy plus radiation over radical mastectomy as the standard surgical treatment for breast cancer. 
we were also the first to demonstrate that adjuvant therapy could alter the natural history of breast cancer, increasing survival rates, and the 
first to demonstrate on a large scale the preventive effects of the drug tamoxifen in breast cancer.
since its beginning the nsabp has enrolled more than 110,000 women and men in clinical trials in breast and colorectal cancer. we are headquartered 
in pittsburgh, pennsylvania and have research sites at nearly 1000 major medical centers, university hospitals, large oncology practice groups, and 
health maintenance organizations in the united states, canada, puerto rico, australia, and ireland. at those sites and their satellites, more than 
5000 physicians, nurses, and other medical professionals conduct nsabp treatment and prevention trials. their presence at local hospitals and medical 
facilities means that state-of-the-art clinical trials can be provided to patients near their homes.
the nsabp was one of the first organizations to undertake large-scale studies in the prevention of breast cancer, and our breast cancer prevention 
trial (bcpt), which included more than 13,000 women at increased risk for breast cancer, demonstrated the value of the drug tamoxifen in reducing the 
incidence of the disease in this population. the second prevention trial, the study of tamoxifen and raloxifene (star) entered more than 19,000 women 
to compare the effects of these two drugs in reducing the incidence of breast cancer.






this site and its contents are provided as a courtesy of the national surgical adjuvant breast and bowel
project (nsabp).  the content of this site is intended for educational and informational purposes only,
and should not be relied upon for any particular diagnosis, treatment or case.  in no way should this
information be used as a substitute for medical advice; the nsabp strongly recommends discussing your
situation with a qualified medical professional.  the nsabp itself does not provide treatment advice to
patients or their families on individual cases.  for further assistance, contact the national cancer
institute at 1-800-4-cancer or your personal physician.  this web site contains links to other web
sites that might be of interest.  the nsabp does not, however, endorse any such web sites, and
disclaims any representation or warranty concerning information that may be found through such links.

the nsabp expressly disclaims any and all representations and warranties concerning the accuracy or
completeness of information available on this web site.  you assume all risks associated with any and
all use of such information.  the nsabp shall have no liability whatsoever for any claims causes of
action, or damages, direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential, relating to this web site
or the information presented therein.  your use of this web site constitutes acceptance of these terms.








