




banana bungalow | wailuku, maui | vibrant international hostel












































































skip to content
















hometoursfacilitiesreservationsabout

faq
contact





menu
close





home
tours
facilities
reservations
about

faq


contact





 










































 banana bungalow maui hostel  



 you had me at aloha  









book now 









our tours 






















 










social lodging for adventurous travelers 




we’re one of hawaii’s most social and affordable accommodations. for over thirty years, we’ve been a cosmopolitan hub for people who want to explore maui on a budget, get off the beaten path, and be part of an eclectic international community.  we’re known for our good vibes, fun parties, and laid-back atmosphere. the bungalow is centrally located near the airport in the town of wailuku, maui’s up-and-coming arts district. 

















daily tours 




we have excursions to the best spots on maui, everyday. hike haleakala, do the road to hana, snorkel with turtles, and more! 







tours

























what we offer:  
























 




						free tours					


						don't worry about renting a car or planning your outings— we'll bring you to the best spots on maui.					















 




						free breakfast					


						enjoy free pancakes and coffee (and maybe even some fruit from our trees), all morning long. 					















 




						free beer and parties					


						every friday night is free keg night (21+), and  we're down for fun every night of the week.					



























 




						hot tub					


						we have an outdoor jaccuzzi. please shower before use!					















 




						kitchen					


						we have a well stocked, full service kitchen with fridges and stoves. 					
























rooms 






 
free wifi



 
free toiletries



 
lockers in dorms (bring your own lock)



















dormchoose between 4-person women's-only dorms, 4-person mixed dorms, or 6-person dorms. 









private queen 









private twin 




























what people are saying 



















very few places on this planet (and i like to think i've been to a decent number of them) have made me feel as happy and at home as the banana bungalow.





 
  johnson song






this place is amazing! true aloha spirit. safe, comfortable, unique and lively. as a solo female traveling i felt reassured as soon as i got here. come support local businesses and experience a home away from home. you won’t want to leave!





 
  j b






the bungalow is a really magical wild place and i’m so grateful to have experienced it. it’s a safe place to be yourself. it’s a place for open-mindedness, radical acceptance, and cultivating genuine connection.





 
  kait lopes






one of the only places i have ever been in my life where i truly felt alive and at peace.





 
  cameron macht






this hostel feels so comfortable and safe. the tours were awesome and offered everyday. bathrooms were always kept very clean. staff were amazing and very accommodating 

comfortable and safe




 
  lauren viau






backpackers should head to banana bungalow a funky happy valley hostel

offering the best of maui!




 
 offering the best of maui! frommer's 2022






if you’re young, or young at heart, few hostels can compare with the vitality of this one. a constantly changing, international crowd of 20-somethings generates more pure fun here than anywhere else on the island.

if you're young, or young at heart




 
 if you’re young at heart lonely planet 2022






lively and cosmopolitan hostel





 
 lively fodor's in focus 2022



 



































swim with turtles 















tours 























hike 
haleakala crater 



tours 






















 


















































































follow us on instagram!































				banana bungalow maui | 310 north market | wailuku | maui | hi | 96793

email: info@mauihostel.com • 
1.800.8hostel ~ 1.800.846.7835

copyright © 2024 | powered by banana bungalow			





















































