











amelia earhart - the official licensing website of amelia earhart
































































 






 






skip to content








toggle menu

home
biography
achievements
quotes
photos
news
tributes
licensing
 







 








 fb
twitter
instagram

 amelia earhart



 


																					achievements																			
see a full list of amelia earhart’s accomplishments and highlights.






 


quotes

a list of powerful quotes both by and about amelia earhart.






 


biography

learn more about the stunning life lead by the,  amelia earhart.




													learn more											
 in her lifetime…




 


																					equal rights																			
she was an instrumental supporter of the equal rights amendment.






 


																					best-selling books																			
about her flying experiences and achievements.






 


																					u.s. distinguished flying cross																			
for her solo flight across the atlantic ocean.








 


want to learn more about continuing the legacy of amelia earhart?


reach out to us



amelia – the movie amelia stars two-time academy award-winner hilary swank as amelia earhart, the legendary aviatrix. also featuring richard gere and ewan mcgregor. directed by mira nair. 

licensing

companies that have used amelia earhart in their marketing or branding.




 

 

 

 







 recent news



 

amelia earhart’s long-lost plane possibly detected by sonar 16,000 feet underwater, exploration team claims amelia earhart’s disappearance over the central pacific ocean 87 years ago remains one of the greatest mysteries in aviation history. countless theories […]





 

an exploration team believes they found amelia earhart’s missing plane. here’s why an ocean exploration company claims to have found amelia earhart’s missing plane— a potential lead in the decades-long mystery over the legendary […]





 

is this amelia earhart’s long-lost plane? explorer believes he’s solved the great mystery with sonar “there’s no other known crashes in the area, and certainly not of that era in that kind of design with the tail […]


see all our news
holy spirit hospital – amelia earhart



cmg worldwide cmg pioneered representation for deceased celebrities through our legal expertise and created an opportunity for a deceased celebrity’s heirs to retain rights. with over 200 celebrities, it has the largest portfolio of legends to this day. there can be no substitute for experience and skill in the licensing world. cmg’s position as the industry leader gives an advantage that other agencies are simply not able to match.




			
			learn more about cmg		


 









 

cmg worldwide in its fifth decade of licensing and clearing intellectual property rights, cmg worldwide is the recognized leader in its field. cmg helps you navigate through and effectively manage the licensing process, while providing peace of mind that you have addressed all the outstanding clearance concerns.

 

search

search for:



 © the family of amelia earhart 2025

 








© 2025 amelia earhart. proudly powered by sydney 











































