





mountain regional services


















servicesadmissionemployment / hrpublicationsdonatelinks



 


about



mountain regional services, inc. (mrsi) provides comprehensive services to individuals with intellectual/developmental disabilities and acquired brain injury. founded in 1985, mrsi remains true to its mission of assisting each person served in achieving the highest quality of life.all services are accredited by carf and designed around the needs and choices of persons served while providing purpose, respect and dignity. mrsi's day programs are person-centered and founded on the principles of choice and personal growth. residential programs enable individuals to live in attractive homes and apartments integrated throughout the community.highly trained staff members provide supervision and support to ensure safety and foster self-sufficiency. for those interested in employment opportunities, mrsi offers supported employment services including job development and coaching and access to an extensive network of community-based employers. specialized support services such as psychology and tele-psychiatry are also available.mrsi is located in the beautiful city of evanston in southwest wyoming on the north slope of the uinta mountains with close proximity to salt lake city, utah. the community of 11,000 residents boasts a historic downtown area, nationally recognized walkway along the scenic bear river, and unmatched accessibility to wyoming's great outdoors. evanston is well known for the many events held throughout the year and was honored by the national organization on disabilities for barrier free design and community integration for individuals with disabilities.mrsi has been a leader in the provision of disability services and remains committed to advancing opportunities for people of all abilities by adhering to the following principals:mission:  assisting each person served in achieving the highest quality of life!vision:  to provide quality services that support the choices and needs of the persons served and promote purpose, respect and dignity. 

































































us.





contact us
50 allegiance circleevanston, wy 82931(307) 789-3710fax: (307) 789-0823mrsi@mrsi.org





employee quick reference
critical incidents
report critical incidents
timestar
safety data sheets




back to topmountain regional services, inc. assisting each person served in achieving the highest quality of life!






