



















homepage | national housing trust
















      skip to main content
    










menu


main navigation


our work


strategic plan


preservation & development


lending


amazon homeownership initiative pilot




energy solutions


community outreach & impact


policy innovation




who we are


staff


board


strategic plan


support us




impact


take action


partner with us


donate


get updates


join our team




contact


news and info


nht updates


nht monthly newsletters


annual reporting


nht webinars


ira newsletters








search




























we want everyone everywhere to be proud of where they live.



that starts with home. the us faces a shortage of nearly 7 million homes accessible to lower-income residents.nlihc.org/gap
and we’re losing the few lower-income homes we have already to age, climate disasters, and expiring regulations. without an immediate, coordinated effort to preserve existing homes and build new ones, more families will be trapped in poverty and instability.
national housing trust offers solutions
our team of passionate experts and advocates brings resident services, lending, policy, energy solutions, and development under one roof to make real change possible for the people we serve.










$57m+
invested in affordable housing development & preservation


reduced emissions by 
330,946
metric tons


almost
4,000
multifamily housing units in our portfolio





 

 

 

 

 

learn more about our impact








what we do
our mission is to create and preserve affordable homes to provide opportunity, advance racial equity, reduce economic disparities and strengthen community resilience through practice and policy.


what we work for
our vision is for all people to have affordable, safe, and sustainable homes that allow them to thrive unburdened by the harmful effects of climate change, racism, and systemic barriers to opportunity.







how we do it




 


preservation & development
we're adding new affordable housing and ensuring existing housing doesn't slip away.
learn more



 


lending
we provide creative capital to get projects off the ground and over the finish line.
learn more



 


energy solutions
we're creating cheaper, cleaner energy for our residents and for people who live in affordable housing across the country.
learn more



 


community outreach & impact
we provide services and nurture relationships to help residents build stability and community.
learn more



 


policy innovation
we identify and help implement policy solutions to advance more sustainable, equitable and affordable housing.
learn more










latest news updates from nht




 



national housing trust leads the closing of the nebel street project

national housing trust (nht) is excited to share that, working in partnership with a dedicated group of cdfis, we have led the closing of the nebel street project to support 152 units affordable housing in montgomery county, md. 

    october 17, 2024












nht reports on community sustainability efforts for aceee 

september 19, 2024




caretakers of our communities: the impact of resident service coordinators

august 29, 2024




robert wood johnson foundation supports nht's community development fund

august 20, 2024





view all news












how can we help?
we bring our experience in resident services, lending, policy, sustainability, and development to collaborations across the country.

let's talk





share






























contact us
nht@nhtinc.org


take action
partner
donate


our people
careersfinancial information


sign up for enews
stay up to date - on housing policy, development, and reports
subscribe






footer


privacy




©2025 national housing trust 


follow us


twitter


linkedin










