









pennsylvania state police museum - pennsylvania state police museum






































































































skip to content
skip to footer








 







eventssupport
faq
history
the memorial walljohn c. groomeexhibits
pa state highway patrol1962 harley motorcyclethompson machine gunpresident theodore roosevelt
restorations
83 chevy malibu83 chevy malibu part-272 plymouth

missionstorewall of honor
brick orderingceremony photos
memberships 












 











 











 












 
eventssupport
faq
history
the memorial walljohn c. groomeexhibits
pa state highway patrol1962 harley motorcyclethompson machine gunpresident theodore roosevelt
restorations
83 chevy malibu83 chevy malibu part-272 plymouth

missionstorewall of honor
brick orderingceremony photos
memberships







 














 








pennsylvania state 
police museum
pennsylvania state police historical, educational and memorial center 
							 



wall of honor 
							the wall of honor was built to permanently enshrine those personnel who have worked for the state police since its founding on may 2, 1905.  any active or retired member or employee is eligible to purchase a commemorative brick. 
							 memorial wing - wall of honor
 



protecting & serving
the pennsylvania state police 
have been protecting, serving, and guarding pennsylvanians and people visiting our commonwealth for 100 years. 
							learn our history
 

 visiting 
							


 calendar 
							




 
 



























museum gift shoppa state police patch clothing, collectibles and memorabiliaclick here to shop now! 




































schedule toursview our schedule 












where to find ushere's a route 







general admissionsadults:  $7.00students:  ( 6-18 yrs.old) $4.00children 5 and under:  freemonday – friday from 9 am – 4 pmsaturdays: 10am-3pmclosed sundays & state holidaysno appointment is necessary 







guided tour costsadults:  $10.00students:  ( 6-18 yrs.old) $5.00children 5 and under:  freeguided tours require 2 weeks advance notice and typically take 2 hours through the museum and the academy. 





























spotlight 












vehicle restorationsread more about our vehicle restorations hereclick to visit restorations 









support pastate police museumsupport the museum by donating, you can read more here.click to donate 







































friends of hemc 












pennsylvania congressman tim holden (17th district), presented the pennsylvania state police historical, educational and memorial center with a check for $146,000.00 from the department of education. congressman holden, is a long-time friend and supporter of psp-hemc.						










benefits of membership’s include 








annual newsletter
discounts at the gift shop
invitation to special events & exhibit openings
 








free admission to museum 
friends membership card 
 






















become a friend today! 















career opportunitiesdo you have what it takes to be apennsylvania state trooper?“professionalism in law enforcement”visit pennsylvania state troopers here to find out more 

































view historic photos - photo gallary 














mission ~ "to preserve and interpret the rich history and heritage of the pa state police, and to provide a lasting memorial for those who have served, especially those who gave their lives in the line of duty." 



























 










museum office hours:monday-friday 9am-4:00pmsaturdays: 10am-3pmclosed sundays & holidaysnew store customer?please sign up here!return policy & formwe’re here to help you!you have questions?we have answers. 













twitter
 



facebook-f
 



youtube
 










information 










terms of useprivacy policycodicil of willboard membersdevelopmentsvehicle restorationscontributionscapital campaignphase ii completedwall of honor (ceremony)museum store 







support & help 










faqcontact supportpsphemc@gmail.com 







call  717-534-0565email us 










psp- hemc 187 e. hersheypark dr. hershey, pa 17033map & directions 






 




							donate now						


						through network for 
good psp-hemc					





















pennsylvania state police historical, educational and memorial center.  psp-hemc ™ copyright © 1999 – 2025  all rights reserved. 










 


 











































