




afco direct insurance premium finance






























































skip to main content








afco



















agents & brokers










make a payment




about us




careers




cafo (canada)













afco










paymypremiums



benefits



solutions



locations



agents & brokers



borrowers



contact us

















































our story


						legacy afco and bankdirect are now united under the name afco direct.



							learn more
							about afco direct




























how can we help?




































                    agent & broker tools
                





generate quotes, view accounts, download pdfs of useful forms and documents.









learn more
                about agents & brokers
























                    get in touch
                





from technical support to account questions, we're here to help.









contact us
                
                
            























                    let's do business
                





talk to an afco direct professional and find out how we can help you meet your needs.









start a relationship
                
                
            




























































































                    benefits of working with us
                





we treat every relationship as a valued partnership and offer a broad product line to support your insureds' needs. our abundant funding capacity means we have the strength to accommodate your growth objectives.
learn more about benefits.
































                    our solutions
                





we have the depth and breadth of resources to meet the everyday funding challenges faced by insurance professionals and their insured.
learn more about our solutions.































































news & events




































                    afco direct partners with epaypolicy to make financing easier for insurance industry
                





afco direct, one of the nation’s leading providers of insurance premium finance, has partnered with epaypolicy to make afco direct’s premium financing solutions more accessible to the insurance industry.









read more
                about afco direct's partnership with epaypolicy.
























                    afco’s paymypremiums now directly integrates with vertafore’s ams360®
                





afco credit corp., one of the nation’s leading providers of insurance premium finance, today announced a new direct integration between its paymypremiums (pmp) technology and ams360®, a leading agency management system from vertafore®.









read more
                about afco's paymypremiums integration with vertafore.
























                    afco enhances business through acquisition of bankdirect capital finance
                





truist insurance holdings, inc., a subsidiary of truist financial corporation (nyse: tfc) and the sixth-largest insurance brokerage in the u.s., announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire bankdirect capital finance, a nationwide premium finance company, from texas capital bancshares, inc. (nasdaq: tcbi). 









read more
                about afco aquisition of bankdirect.
























                    premium finance and insurtech leaders partnering to equip independent agencies with modern, best-in-class client digital experience solutions
                





afco, the leading provider of insurance premium finance and payment options, and vertafore®, the leader in modern insurance technology, today announced a partnership to equip independent insurance agencies with the capability to provide their insureds with invoicing, payment, and premium financing through vertafore’s insurlink™ client experience platform. 









read more
                about premium finance and insuretech partnering.
































see all news & events
                
                
            

































































        component id : "accordiongridlayout-2096970164"
        model : "disclaimer"
        position : "left"









disclosures





































loans may be subject to credit approval.
truist bank. learn more

























































site footer
















footer navigation




										 
    
    	navigation menu text
    

						  			











			 
    
    	careers
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	cafo (canada)
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	make a payment
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	about us
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	legal
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	afco statement of online privacy
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	ccpa privacy notice / notice at collection
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	afco consumer privacy notice
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	terms & conditions
    
	   
		











	     © 2025, 
	      
    
    	afco credit corporation/afco acceptance corporation. all rights reserved.
    

	
































