







i65 medicare guidance software for financial planners, advisory professionals
































































                home
              



                medicare software
              



                consultation services
              



                pricing
              



                book
              



                contact
              



              log in
            



              help
            



                sign up for a demo
              















                home
              



                medicare software
              



                consultation services
              



                pricing
              



                book
              



                contact
              



              log in
            



              help
            



                sign up for a demo
              














yes! you can help clients with medicare!when it comes to medicare, your clients deserve the best. that’s i65. • no insurance sales • 100% fiduciaryi65 medicare software consulting services



 are you a senior or a family member needing medicare guidance? our parent company, 65 incorporated, provides one-on-one consulting services to consumers and is ideal for getting unbiased medicare guidance.  please click here to learn more.

medicare is confusing & scary to your clients. you can help!
yes!  with i65, you can provide your employees or clients with easy-to-understand, expert medicare guidance. 
  









i65®
is the only software created by nationally recognized medicare experts and the only truly fiduciary tool. i65 does not sell insurance. 
with i65, you can provide your employees or clients the confidence and peace-of-mind they so desperately need make the right medicare decisions and 
avoid costly medicare mistakes
— 
 without having to become a medicare expert yourself!
 


    learn more
  




    sign up for a demo
  




    see the reports
  

want to see the impact we're having in the medicare world?  check out i65 & 65 incorporated in the news...













 why talk about medicare with your clients?  it's an easy way to grow your business!
this quick video tells you why and how to use a fiduciary medicare conversation with clients to grow your business.
  









need more reasons to add medicare to your practice?  here you go!
look at any study being done about retirement planning today. regardless of which one you choose; you'll find at least one startling fact about healthcare in retirement — guaranteed.
here are just a few examples...
  “pre-retirees fear running out of money in retirement (due to healthcare) more than death.”











“healthcare costs have become retirees number-one financial worry.”











“of the retirement unknowns that people worry about, healthcare is number one.”











  wherever there's a great need, there's also a great opportunity!
clients approaching the age of 65 are desperately seeking advisors who do not sell medicare insurance to provide them with meaningful guidance about medicare and healthcare in retirement.
it makes sense...
do you drive your used car to a used car lot and ask the salesperson who comes out what your car is worth and whether you'll get the best deal from them?  no... of course not. that would be silly!
so, why do we expect seniors to get medicare guidance from medicare insurance agents? 
they're looking for guidance first from people who do not sell medicare plans. and they'll be thrilled to reward you for providing them with medicare guidance by referring you to their friends who also need help. it happens all the time!
what are you waiting for? with i65, you can jump on this opportunity... without having to become a medicare expert.
 


    sign up for an i65 demo
  

videos about medicare & financial planning
 an introduction to medicare
why is medicare so confusing now? what can you do about it? in this video, you'll learn exactly what makes medicare so difficult and confusing for the thousands of people turning 65 each day in the united states. 

watch the next video in the series.

  the four expensive medicare myths every financial advisor should care about.
financial advising is plagued by myths about medicare that are very costly to both the clients and the financial professional.  learn these four myths now. 
     


    view more i65 videos
  

 i65 provides your employees with medicare enrollment guidance that is fast, simple, expert and unbiased:
 









fast
understanding medicare regulations can take weeks, months or even years of intensive study. alternatively, i65 provides expert medicare enrollment guidance specific to a person's unique needs in as little as 20 minutes!
  









simple
trying to decipher all of medicare's thousands of regulations is enough to give anyone a headache. i65 reduces this regulatory nightmare into a series of easy-to-answer questions and step-by-step enrollment instructions.
  









expert
i65 is the creation of medicare experts, diane j. omdahl, rn, ms and melinda caughill, csa. with this simple, yet precise tool, people feel confident that they're making the right medicare decisions.
  









unbiased
i65 is not affiliated with insurance companies or the sale of insurance products.  thus, your clients know – without a doubt – that the medicare enrollment guidance they receive is in their best interest. 
  


    schedule a demo
  




    view pricing
  

  





































back to top



medicare marketing materials



i65 affiliates




custom medicare marketing materials





about i65



who we are




i65 in the news





medicare information



medicare education




i65 medicare mail





consulting services



» personalized medicare consultation




» existing medicare coverage review service




» i65 add-on - specific plan selections




» open enrollment drug coverage review




» retirement package consulting




» anytime advisor consultation




» service pricing




» i65 software for individuals





medicare software reports



i65 needs assessment




iestimate




medicare roadmap






recommended software & services




contact support




i65 / 65 incorporated, 1009 west glen oaks lane, mequon, wi, 53092(262) 240-9860info@i65.com
i65® medicare enrollment software | privacy policy | terms of service | i65 software terms of service











