










welcome to lanesboro: arts, cozy stays & scenic trails



























































  
























skip to content









chamber & livability / contact us 
chamber of commercelivability & relocationeconomic developmentcontactbusiness directory 🔎︎



































 
lodging all lodging bed & breakfast campgrounds hotels & inns nightly rental apartments resorts whole house rentalsthings to do attractions arts, culture, & history entertainment & annual festivals tours & landmarks eat, drink, shop dining & spirits grocery, gifts, & specialty retail recreation & sport activities health & wellness outdoor recreation upcoming eventsexplore trails root river state bike trail winter trail snow report (mn dnr) root river root river state water trail (mn dnr) fishing se mn trout fishing (mn dnr) se mn stream conditions (mn dnr) scenic byway what is the driftless area? by season spring summer fall wintergroups event venue rentalscommunity community & local services business & professional services real estate community livestock & agriculture worship about lanesboro lanesboro’s story city of lanesboro about whalan whalan’s story city of whalan job postings lacc member logineventsmerch








 




















the gem of southeast minnesota

















plan your trip with our 2025 visitor guide!






helpful tools to plan your next visit to lanesboro & whalan.  view the guide >>











































👋 welcome to lanesboro & whalan!







experience breathtaking scenery, outdoor adventures and artful escapes 
nestled in the bluffs of the root river valley is a place where history tells stories, the arts inspire, and nature beckons. come experience our invigorating blend of outdoor exploration, cultural attractions, and warm hospitality. 



book your stay


 

































🏨 book your stay!






lanesboro & whalan offer superb hospitality! travel to a place of arts, culture, recreation, romance and relaxation, all in a historic setting located in the bluff country region of southeastern minnesota.
use this form to find available lodging, or view all lodging listings here.










enter your beginning travel date and length of stay to search the lodging availability calendar:

check in    
length of stay 1 night2 nights3 nights4 nights5 nights6 nights7 nights8 nights9 nights10 nights11 nights12 nights13 nights14 nights
search availability




























🎣 plan your bluff country getaway




























explore the great outdoors in the heart of bluff country, get inspired by unique creations by talented artists, and step back in time to appreciate the stories of our rich history. for those seeking relaxation, sip a craft beer by a bonfire, dine by the riverside, take in some live music, golf on top of a bluff, cast a fishing line, or float down the river. whether you’re biking, enjoying theater, or immersing yourself in local history, lanesboro and whalan promise an unforgettable experience with family and friends!





























                                where to stay                            














                                where to eat & drink                            














                                arts, culture & history                            














                                tours & attractions                            














                                shopping                            














                                recreation and sport activities                            















upcoming events










signature events






all upcoming events










signature events


















 






all upcoming events















 
















lanesboro weather

















lanesboro & whalan, mn are







a year-round 
driftless paradise







experience the delightful blend of natural beauty, arts & culture, and outdoor activities for all seasons in the lanesboro area.
















 spring blooms, magic unfolds 
as the frost thaws and the buds burst into vibrant blooms, the area awakens with a roar of excitement and fun events that reverberate through our picturesque streets.
 


spring rejuvenation





 















summer sun, adventure & fun 
summer offers an invigorating blend of outdoor exploration, cultural experiences, and warm hospitality. treat yourself to a refreshing escape from routine.
 


summer escapes





 

















 fall colors, splendor awaits 
fall is a magical time when nature puts on a breathtaking display of colors as the valley comes alive in a canvas of red, yellow, orange, and brown hues.
 


fall serenity





 















 winter charm, cozy quietude 
winter is a season of quiet beauty and cozy charm. relax, unwind, and find solace in our small-town warmth and hospitality, without the hustle and bustle.
 


winter magic





 


















🎨 discover art







our community is alive with arts, culture, and history 
immerse yourself in a vibrant arts scene where local galleries showcase diverse talent, captivating theater delights audiences, and the stories of our heritage come alive. creativity and history make for an unforgettable experience.



enjoy cultural experiences


 










































🏕️ get outdoors







our area is a year-round haven for outdoor enthusiasts 





explore the 60-mile paved root river state trail for biking, running, rollerblading, and cross-country skiing. the root river invites kayaking, canoeing, fishing, and tubing. hike, mountain bike, bird watch, zip line, and more at nearby nature campuses.








find outdoor adventure


 


















📣 the latest from our blog

























unleash the potential of your team with a winter corporate retreat at cedar valley resort in whalan, mn



					december 30, 2024				


read more
















welcoming parkway place: downtown lanesboro’s newest lodging gem



					december 30, 2024				


read more
















stone mill hotel & suites: a historic gem in lanesboro, mn



					december 26, 2024				


read more
















explore the unique charm of the three properties of root river inn & suites in lanesboro, mn



					december 17, 2024				


read more
















your guide to a last-minute holiday shopping day out in lanesboro, mn



					december 10, 2024				


read more
















experience victorian elegance and holiday magic at oakenwald terrace in chatfield, mn



					november 27, 2024				


read more
















give to the max day in lanesboro, mn: supporting local nonprofits



					november 15, 2024				


read more
















charming comforts: staying at the cottage house inn in lanesboro, mn



					october 25, 2024				


read more
















a guest hus motel: where tranquility meets hospitality in lanesboro, mn



					october 25, 2024				


read more
















cozy escapes: unwinding at the root river valley cabin in lanesboro, mn



					october 18, 2024				


read more























see all blog posts
















 












© 2025 welcome to lanesboro: arts, cozy stays & scenic trails
 | 
site by growthzone















 get the latest from lanesboro & whalan in your inbox!






join our email list to receive our monthly e-newsletter with upcoming events and other lanesboro area news! never miss out on the fun!











































phone




507-467-2696 










location




100 milwaukee rdlanesboro, mn 55949 










email




visit@lanesboro.com 










connect









facebook





instagram





youtube





tiktok





email














					view our visitor guide!				

































































































 © 2025 welcome to lanesboro: arts, cozy stays & scenic trails.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
















 











