?






sherry gottlieb: writer, editor, scrabble hustler



















home â·
			books â·
			the novel doctor â·
			writing hints â·
			recipes â·
			career boost rã©sumã©s â·
			
			contact
the case of the maltese frog 
			 â· a change of hobbit




















 
			sherry gottlieb has written four published books, including two novels, 
			an oral history, and a collection of short-short stories. love bite 
			(warner 1994) is a police procedural with fangs, and was the basis for 
			the absolutely terrible 1995 tv-movie "deadly love", starring susan 
			dey (the movie bore scant relation to the book). the erotic dark mystery 
			worse than death (forge books, a subsidiary of st. martin's press, 1999) 
			is the companion novel to love bite, but can be read independently of 
			it. hell no, we won't go! resisting the draft during the vietnam war 
			(viking 1991) is an oral history which was nominated for the pen west 
			usa literary award for nonfiction. pup fiction (waltsan 2001) is a cdbook, 
			a collection of stories about sam spayed, canine private investigator.
as career boost rã©sumã©s, sherry has written nearly 4000 professional
rã©sumã©s in all fields and for most positions, from entry-level to c-level executives. career boost rã©sumã©s serves clients in person in ventura and santa barbara counties, california, and internationally through this website.
a private editor/book doctor, sherry specializes in 
			fiction, primarily novels. her clients have sold their edited manuscripts 
			to knopf, st. martin's press, harper-collins, berkley-putnam, greenleaf 
			book group press, and jossey-bass. she contributed the chapter entitled 
			"the book doctor is in: the seven most common first novel problems and 
			how to avoid them" in the portable writers' conference (quill driver 
			2007).
for nearly two decades, sherry owned a change of hobbit bookstore in santa 			monica, california, the world's oldest and largest speculative-fiction bookstore. 			she now lives with her dog near the coast in ventura county, california.

sherry m. gottlieb
				copyright 2009
				all rights reserved





home â·
					books â·
					the novel doctor â·
					writing hints â·
					recipes â·
					career boost rã©sumã©s â·
					
					contact
the case of the maltese 
					frog â· a change of 
					hobbit



spinning 
				jenny




