






shotokan karate of america – the original nonprofit organization teaching traditional karate in america since 1956


























































shotokan karate of americathe original nonprofit organization teaching traditional karate in america since 1956home
about

glossary
history of shotokan

lineage
before 1900
1900–1945
1946–1954
1955–1959
1960s


who we are
master funakoshi
tsutomu ohshima
ska special training
nisei week karate exhibition & tournament
contact us


join ska

how to begin
find a dojo
benefits of karate practice
contact us


find a dojo
ska membership ⤴
ska news ⤴

 

 authentic, traditional karate
for the mind, body & spirit

who we areshotokan karate of america (ska) is a nonprofit organization teaching traditional karate-do in the united states since 1956 (most americans had never even heard of karate in 1956). because of ska’s strong resolve to offer high-quality martial […]
benefits of karate practicekarate practice strengthens the mind, develops composure, a clearer thought process, deeper insight into one’s mental capabilities, and more self-confidence. it strengthens the entire body, improves coordination, quickens reflexes, builds stamina and overall health.
how to beginlocate the ska dojo (school) nearest you to observe a practice. each dojo determines its own affordable practice fee, depending on location and expenses. in ska there are no contracts to commit to, so beginners are able to explore karate training without pressure.
lineagekarate’s pre-history can be traced back to daruma (aka bodhidharma), founder of zen buddhism in western india. daruma is said to have introduced buddhism into china somewhere around the year 500 ce, incorporating spiritual and […]
find a dojowhere can you find us? here’s the most current map and information about ska dojos in the usa plus international organizations affiliated with founder tsutomu ohshima. contact the one nearest you and get started today!
tsutomu ohshimatsutomu ohshima is the founder of shotokan karate of america (ska). he was shihan (chief instructor) of ska and recognized as chief instructor of many other international shotokan organizations until august, 2018 when, at the age […]
ska special trainingspecial training has come down to us from martial artists of the past who sought a way to put their mental and physical powers to a test by calling upon their innermost strengths–strengths that you will realize you also possess after this intensive training experience. indeed, to put ourselves into hardship, to push ourselves …
glossaryjapanese karate terminology is frequently used during practices. our glossary provides brief audio recordings giving pronunciation and each term is defined. special tips are also provided – for example, when “sensei” is used as an honorific, it is attached to the end of the person’s family name, e.g. ohshima sensei (not sensei ohshima). 
nisei week karate exhibition & tournamentska’s nisei week karate exhibition & tournament is the oldest karate demonstration in the united states. every august, karate practitioners from dojos throughout the u.s. and abroad gather to participate and compete. 66th annual nisei […]

 set your charity to ska

 ska national headquarters
222 s. hewitt street, room 7
los angeles, ca 90012 usa
phone: +1-213-437-0988


copyright © 2025 shotokan karate of america • all rights reserved • privacy policy • contact us • log in


 






















