






the daniel jordan fiddle foundation for adult autism































































 





menu







home
about

our mission
mother’s letter
about danny
board of trustees
jim scancarella memorial fund


endowed funds
global influencer
signature programs

signature programs
the daniel jordan fiddle foundation community resources©
the daniel jordan fiddle foundation adult autism programs(c) blueprints


news and accolades

media
accolades


contact us
 



 the daniel jordan fiddle donateread our blog 
 

trailblazing the future of adult autism


 

the daniel jordan fiddle foundation executive director’s blog 

read our blog  autism for a lifetime: finding joy in the journey stay inspired!			



 

the daniel jordan fiddle foundation endowed programs 

				discover our endowed programs at prestigious universities in the united statesstay inspired!			



 

the daniel jordan fiddle foundation signature programs 

				learn about our innovative adult programs and resourcesstay inspired!			

  developing  |  advocating  |  funding  adult prgrams nationwide       										agape riding program teaches life-skills									              										camp soar cit training program									              										employment in real jobs									              										the miracle project recording artists project									              										broadway adult autism center vocational and employment programs									              										the danny fiddle arts enrichment program									              										the daniel jordan fiddle foundation leader in adult autism award									              										danny’s red ball family weekends at camp bernie									              										gha autism carolina farms residential farming program									              										arts unbound studio and gallery artists training program									              										high point farm habitat fitness trail									              										jcc of manhattan dating and social group adaptations programs									        go backabutthe daniel jordan fiddle foundation, the first not -for- profit and only all-volunteer run organization in the united states to focus on adult autism has been blazing trails since 2002. we create paths leading to fulfilling and potential driven lives. our model programs, resources, and public policy / awareness initiatives are person-centered and derive from the needs and hopes of the diverse population of adults diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder (asd) and their families.

  our bard of trusteesthe people who make the daniel jordan fiddle foundation possible 





linda j. walder, esq.
president, founder, and executive director






							linda is devoted to helping all adults diagnosed with asd live the most productive and fulfilling lives possible, and is always guided by her beloved danny in all that she does leading our organization. 						








fred fiddle
treasurer, founder






							danny fiddle’s father and best friend, leads all aspects of the organization’s finances. 						








james j. scancarella
vice president and development co-chair






							jim is a tireless fundraiser and devoted founding board member. he is the father of an adult son diagnosed with asd.						








howard fiddle
secretary, founder






							howard has been instrumental in raising funds and awareness about adult autism. he was and will always be danny fiddle’s godfather. 						








richard h. bushnell, jr.
grants management chair






							rich is a founding member of our board and has been a guiding force in developing and visiting our endowed and signature programs. 						








vicki gentempo ofmani
vice president, founder






							vicki was danny’s first teacher at the forum school where she currently runs programming and administration. her expertise with all ages diagnosed with asd, is invaluable in our program development. 						


  find out about free ways to supportgo 



stay in touch



         







get in tuch 


















send message



 
 


 



© 2016 the daniel jordan fiddle foundation  
 


 

















