


the other dark meat

























    



	the other dark meat



	



  
pissing off the dominant culture since 1540





friday, june 22, 2012






	 



	 apparently blogger never deletes anything.



	 



    


wow, it's been three years since i posted.  it's fun reading the archives, i sometimes forget how hilarious i am.



posted by mimbreno at 10:46 pm
comments | trackback






thursday, may 21, 2009






	 



	 this day in history



	 



    


hernan de soto dies in an indian village on the mississippi.pz myers is still a douchebag.



posted by mimbreno at 9:37 pm
comments | trackback






tuesday, may 12, 2009







	 validate me, white man!



	 



click on the link, i totally dare you.  seriously.i hope you noted the subtitle, "where native america meets pop culture."  apparently where native america meets pop culture is smack in the middle of a white guy.it's hilarious on so many levels.  the archive links are broken, but what got me going on this tool was a post about how he is the most qualified person in north america to speak on behalf of natives--a post in which he railed against natives who have a problem with some of what he says.  the basis for his superiority on all things native is apparently the fact that he knows lots of natives, talks to lots of natives, reads lots of things written by natives, and distills all of this down to sorts of normative native opinions which form the basis for his viewpoints.in other words, he's created bitchin' stereotypes.  and his stereotypes are somehow more valid than the personal experiences and resulting views of actual native people.where it gets falling-down-on-the-floor-laughing funny is where the guy has a section of his site titled "stereotype of the month."  i am completely not making this up.rob schmidt, in your honor i am creating the tool of the month, and name you first recipient.  congratulations!tool.



posted by mimbreno at 8:38 pm
comments | trackback






tuesday, january 13, 2009






	 



	 those who do not remember my posts are doomed to have me repeat them.



	 



    


here in my home town a city councilor is taking a lot of heat from jewish groups for labeling what's happening in gaza "genocide."  it made me remember this post, and chuckle.



posted by mimbreno at 8:58 pm
comments | trackback






saturday, november 15, 2008






	 



	 racism as trial strategy.



	 



    


here is an article about a ute man who was convicted of assaulting a bia employee on the ute mountain reservation.  after the trial, a juror came forward and told attorneys that other members of the jury had made racist remarks concerning indians.the jury foreman allegedly remarked that "when indians get alcohol, they all get drunk."  another member of the jury allegedly asked "what would happen if we found him not guilty? what kind of message would we be sending back to the reservation?"  thanks for the paternalism.after hearing testimony concerning these remarks the district court granted a new trial, and the government appealed.  relying on rule 606 of the federal rules of evidence, the court of appeals for the tenth circuit held that the juror's testimony concerning jury deliberations is inadmissible in any proceeding, and that the defendant could not therefore establish bias on the part of the jury.that's all well and good, and there are certainly good reasons to keep the substance of jury deliberations private.  where i have an issue is with the united states attorney's office opposing the new trial.  some of the most inspiring language issued by the supreme court has to do with the purpose of a prosecutor, which is not to obtain convictions, but to seek justice.  what the united states attorney for the district of utah has done is to subvert justice, for the sake of keeping a conviction.



posted by mimbreno at 4:04 pm
comments | trackback






tuesday, november 11, 2008






	 



	 at least sheridan came right out and said it.



	 



    


i hate being right all the time.no mention of tribes on obama transition website.check it.



posted by mimbreno at 7:49 pm
comments | trackback






tuesday, july 01, 2008






	 



	 wow, never saw that coming.



	 



    


some time ago bitchphd posted about obama being the first presidential candidate to visit an indian reservation since columbus ran on the franciscan ticket.  in comments, i was prompted by my inherent distrust of gringos to comment that i thought it might have merely been a response to the clinton machine's moves in indian country.now this:obama hasn't fulfilled pledge for tribal town hallsen. barack obama  (d-illinois) skipped prez on the rez and it looks like he might skip another tribal leaders forum being organized by democratic activist kalyn free, indian country today reports.. . .free, a member of the choctaw nation of oklahoma, is a superdelegate to the democratic national  convention. she supported obama in part because he agreed to attend the forum. i'm shocked.  shocked, i say.another commenter at bitchphd apparently read my blog at the time and said that my criticism of obama seemed to center around him not being black enough, which is the second dumbest thing i've ever read in my life.  my criticism of obama is that, for all the talk about him being black, multi-racial, the son of an immigrant, whatever, none of that is reflected in his policies.  nothing distinguishes obama's policies on affirmative action, immigration, and minorities in general, from that of other candidates.and now this.  obama talked a big game on indian policy when he was fighting for the democratic nomination, but now that he has it indians can apparently go fuck ourselves.  obama is seemingly possessed of the same democratic arrogance i've commented on before, that indians are going to vote for a democrat by default just because any republican would be way worse.  i'm sorry, but for reasons i've gone into before regarding indian policy, that simply isn't true.when i previously said that obama would be the first black president in the same manner that powell was the first black secretary of state or alberto gonzalez was the first hispanic attorney general, what i meant was that those two did absolutely nothing to advance the causes of minorities in general, or their ethnic groups in particular, while they held office.  i could care less whether they were "black enough" or "hispanic enough," whatever those dumbass quantities represent, what chaps me is that their backgrounds apparently impacted their policies in no discernible manner, they instead simply exuded what made conservatives love them as "minority" republicans--they toed the party line and protected the status quo.  and status quo is what fucks over minorities.a number of months ago i was on the receiving end of a mass email from an associate of mine, who was gushing over obama and declaring:"i want a president who has experience being biracial, and who has spent his entire lifetime trying to figure out just where he fits into our country's landscape.  i want a president who has experience living a portion of his life in a 3rd world country, who has seen real poverty and struggle.  i want a president who speaks another language (yes, he speaks basic indonesian).  i want a president who is the son of an immigrant to this country--someone who understands that immigrants often must prove themselves in order to be accepted in this country."that's all great, but what i want is a president whose policies reflect those experiences.i read an article in newsweek a couple of months ago where they devoted several pages to trying to tease out obama's position on affirmative action.  punch line?  nobody knows.  yeah, i'm excited.



posted by mimbreno at 2:14 pm
comments | trackback











about me

name:  mimbreno 
location:  albuquerque, nm, united states 
view my complete profile


email me

previous posts

apparently blogger never deletes anything.
this day in history
validate me, white man!
those who do not remember my posts are doomed to h...
racism as trial strategy.
at least sheridan came right out and said it.
wow, never saw that coming.
and brutus is an honorable man.
"i didn't make that decision, i approved someone e...
you're kidding with that shit, right?
archives

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
february 2007
march 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
november 2008
january 2009
may 2009
june 2012

blogroll

michael bã©rubã©
bitch ph.d.
blondebutbright
body and soul
discourse.net
echidne of the snakes
erudite redneck
fafblog!
feministe
the hot librarian
hullabaloo
i blame the patriarchy
lucky white girl
majikthise
orcinus
pandagon
political animal
respectful of otters
rox populi
the rude pundit
slacktivist
talkleft
tbogg
wampum
whiskey bar
will work for favorable dicta
james wolcott

indigenous

a line in the sand
american indian movement
jordan dill
draft declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples
fighting whites
findlaw: indian and native peoples law
index of native american resources on the internet
indian country today
nativeweb
this day in north american indian history













site feed






 



