


nicolemart
























    
	nicolemart
	
  


nobody knows my reputation.





saturday, march 18, 2006



	 

	 long gone
	 
    


i've moved.to greener, happier [wordpress] pastures. but just in case this page doesn't automatically redirect you, here's the url:http://nicolemart.badtofu.comi think i'm gonna cry!



posted by nicole at 12:09 am






thursday, march 16, 2006



	 

	 diss, miss?
	 
    


i'm not getting political here.well, not really.i just have to know, is this what it's come down to lately? jessica "chicken of the sea" simpson snubs a republican fundraiser and the entire politisphere is up in arms??yeah sure, bush scheduled ample face-time with the broad. but does her reticence to appear really rank that high on the diss scale?? the woman shills pizza bites for cripes sake!jessica simpson snubs president bushthursday mar 16, 2006 8:00am estby stephen m. silvermanjessica simpson has left republicans in washington dismayed by turning down a invitation to meet with u.s. president george w. bush at a major party fund-raiser with the president and congressional leaders scheduled for thursday night. her plan to ditch the gathering came after a day of conflicting reports from her handlers and the organizers of the event, reports reuters. simpson is in the nation's capital to lobby members of congress on behalf of operation smile, a non-profit venture offering free plastic surgery for disadvantaged children overseas with facial deformities. people close to simpson said she declined a request to appear that same evening at the gala fund-raiser of the national republican congressional committee – even after she was offered some private face time with bush – because operation smile is a non-partisan group, says the news service. nrcc spokesman carl forti said he was surprised by the behavior of the 25-year-old dukes of hazzard star. "it's never been a problem for bono," he said, referring to the u2 star who has met regularly with leaders of all political leanings to promote such causes as third world debt relief. "i find it hard to believe she would pass up an opportunity to lobby the president on behalf of operation smile." although simpson's publicists insisted she never had planned to attend the fund-raiser, forti said the actress initially accepted the nrcc invitation when it was extended on tuesday night, only to change her mind the next evening. causing further aggravation for his party, president bush's approval rating by the american public is at its lowest ever, 37 percent, according to the latest monthly poll carried out by the wall street journal and nbc news. in addition, 58 percent of those polled judge his job performance to be poor. the iraqi war is being cited as the cause for such showings.



posted by nicole at 12:37 pm






wednesday, march 15, 2006



	 

	 hey hey, hayes
	 
    


oh, so now it's a problem.it was fine when jews, muslims, christians, mormons, buddhists, hindus and wiccans got raked over the coals. but the show suddenly becomes an issue when scientologists get mocked.how many seasons has this series been on the air, anyway??whatever, isaac.isaac hayes quits south parktuesday mar 14, 2006 8:00am estby stephen m. silverman/apchristians, jews, muslims, mormons and scientologists have been raked over the comic coals of comedy central's south park, and isaac hayes, who voices the character chef, says he won't stand for it anymore."there is a place in this world for satire, but there is a time when satire ends and intolerance and bigotry towards religious beliefs of others begins," the 63-year-old soul singer and outspoken scientologist said in a statement."religious beliefs are sacred to people, and at all times should be respected and honored," he continued. "as a civil rights activist of the past 40 years, i cannot support a show that disrespects those beliefs and practices."south park co-creator matt stone has a different take. "this is 100 percent having to do with his faith of scientology," he told the associated press. "he has no problem – and he's cashed plenty of checks – with our show making fun of christians."a top-rated episode in november targeted the church of scientology and such celebrity followers as tom cruise and john travolta. titled "trapped in the closet," the segment featured fourth-grader stan being hailed as a reluctant savior by scientology leaders, while a cartoon cruise locks himself in a closet and refuses to come out.stone said that he and co-creator trey parker "never heard a peep out of isaac in any way until we did scientology. he wants a different standard for religions other than his own, and to me, that is where intolerance and bigotry begin."stone and parker have accepted hayes's resignation, according to news reports.



posted by nicole at 5:02 pm









	 

	 use your head
	 
    


i got a headache this big.i don't know where it came from or why it's here.maybe i'm fearing my second kickboxing class tonight.maybe i'd just rather not be at work.but whatever the case, the following quip is somehow applicable so i thought i'd share it with yous guys. enjoy!----------------a husband emerged from the bathroom naked and was climbing into bed when his wife complained, as usual, "i have a headache.""perfect," her husband said. "i was just in the bathroom powdering my penis with aspirin. you can take it orally or as a suppository -- it's up to you."



posted by nicole at 1:26 pm






monday, march 13, 2006



	 

	 heartbreak hotel
	 
    


it's over.a lot has happened over the last 10 months. i've learned a lot. i've grown a lot (width-wise anyway). but even after all we've been through together, i can tell this is just not working out. that's why i'm calling it quits by the end of the week.i'm dumping blogger.yes, i know it's sad. but it's also obvious that we need to go our separate ways. first our communication started breaking down (the much maligned word verf). then blogger would become totally unresponsive (hours and hours of unexplained "server problems"). or it would just shut me out altogether ("a technician has been alerted to the problem"). i finally began to realize that i deserved better.so i'm moving on to wordpress.eric's putting in a herculean effort to get the new blog built and launched by week's end. once everything starts shaping up i'll pass on the new url.i hope at least one of you comes looking for me.just one???



posted by nicole at 10:43 pm









	 

	 decision 2006
	 
    


people? i need your help and i need it quick!i have wanted a 17" powerbook since the things were first unveiled.well this weekend i was alerted to the fact that someone in the uk is selling theirs for $800. now, eric and i have done some investigating and so far the deal seems totally legit. there's even an arrangement that allows me to inspect the machine before i commit to buying it.the question is, do i buy it???i'm sure the mac users out there are wondering why i would even hesitate to act on this. there are five valid reasons:1) my office just issued me a brand new 15" powerbook last thursday. 2) the 17" i want to buy has only a third the ram of the 15" which makes it much slower.3) it would cost me an extra $400 to match the ram in the 15".4) which means the 17" price surges from $800 to $1200.5) i already have three other mac laptops in my possession (though only one of them actually belongs to me).still, i'd have no prayer of getting a 17" powerbook for close to $1200 in this lifetime. the clock is ticking yet i just can't make a decision on this.help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



posted by nicole at 10:45 am






sunday, march 12, 2006



	 

	 smart he
	 
    


it's sunday and i've got nothing important to say. so here's a funny.dennis found out that he would inherit a fortune after his sickly father died. so he decided to find a woman with whom he could share his wealth.one evening he went to a singles bar where he spotted the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen. her beauty he quite took his breath away so he swallowed his drink and made his approach. he walked up to the woman, introduced himself and proceeded to lay it all on the line:"i may appear to be just an ordinary guy," he said. "but you're actually looking at a future millionaire. in less than a month's time i'll inherit $20 million!"the woman was obviously impressed with dennis' speech because she accompanied him to his home that evening. three days later she became his stepmother.moral of the story: you can't scheme a schemer.



posted by nicole at 6:54 pm






friday, march 10, 2006



	 

	 say when
	 
    


i'm not much of a lush. i've rarely even finished a full size glass of beer let alone several at a time.but i am well aware that many of my dear readers know how to make their weekends count. and being that today is friday i figured it prudent to issue this guide before the hardcore festivities get under way.for those already planning their sunday hangovers? this list's for you. :)beer troubleshooting guidesymptom: feet cold and wet cause:  glass being held at incorrect anglecorrective action: rotate glass so that open end points toward ceiling---------------symptom: feet warm and wet cause:  improper bladder controlcorrective action: stand next to nearest dog, complain about lack of house training---------------symptom: beer unusually pale and tasteless cause:    a. glass empty.    b. you're holding a coors litecorrective action: get someone to buy you another beer---------------symptom: opposite wall covered with fluorescent lights cause: you have fallen over backward.corrective action: have yourself leashed to bar---------------symptom: mouth contains cigarette butts and ashes cause: you have fallen forwardcorrective action: have yourself leashed to bar---------------symptom: beer tasteless; front of your shirt is wet cause:     a. mouth not open while drinking    b. glass applied to wrong part of facecorrective action: retire to restroom, practice in mirror ---------------symptom: floor blurred cause: you are looking through bottom of empty glasscorrective action: get someone to buy you another beer  ---------------symptom: your singing sounds distorted cause: the beer is too weakcorrective action: order more beer and consume until voice improves  ---------------symptom: don't remember the words to the song      cause: beer is just rightcorrective action: play air guitar ---------------symptom: floor moving cause: you are being carried outcorrective action: find out if you are being taken to another bar ---------------symptom: room seems unusually dark cause: bar has closedcorrective action: confirm home address with bartender; if staff has departed, grab closest six-pack and exit bar  ---------------symptom: room is gray, has concrete floor and conveniently located restroom facilities cause:     a. you're in jail    b. you're in the navycorrective action: under no circumstances sleep on your stomach



posted by nicole at 10:29 am






wednesday, march 08, 2006



	 

	 addiction
	 
    


i'm a cokehead.and before you inform me of how unsurprised you are by that revelation, let me clarify: i'm talking about the beverage. not the illegal narcotic.i've been a hardcore coke fan since high school. i used to inhale a 12 0z. can every day at lunch along with a small bag of plain m&m's. well, i had to have something wholesome and satisfying while i was pounding away on the macs in the school computer lab.and that trend (minus the m&m's) shows no sign of fading. i'm up to an average of two cans (one regular coke and one coke zero) per day. why? because i just love the stuff! you doubt my undying affection, do you?this is the top tier of my fridge.what you're seeing is the neatly arranged contents of three "fridge paks" of coca-cola products. of course i'm not going to drink all these by myself; those black cherry vanilla ones on the right are all for eric. but the heavy drinking will be my responsibility for the most part. anyone still in the dark about why my ass is spreading??but hey, i've done it! i've admitted that i have a problem and, as we all know, admission is the first step to recovery. so how ironic is it that i awoke this morning to a news story like this:-------------------soda sales fall for first time in 20 yearsby melanie warner (nytimes.com)published: march 9, 2006the next generation may not be the pepsi generation — or the coke generation, for that matter.soda drinking is declining, partly because it is blamed for obesity.for years, soda has been the quintessential american drink, considered the perfect thirst quencher, morning pick-me-up or accompaniment to lunch or dinner.but that is slowly changing.as americans look for greater variety in their drinks and strive for healthier diets, consumption of soda — with its 250 calories and 67 grams of sugar in a 20-ounce bottle — is slipping.data released yesterday by beverage digest, the industry trade publication, shows that for the first time in 20 years, the number of cases of soda sold in the united states declined. case volume in 2005 was down 0.7 percent, to 10.2 billion cases.coke's flagship brand, coca-cola classic, was down 2 percent...(more)-------------------i can assure you guys that my cola consumption has nothing to do with the recent dip in sales. hell, eric and i are doing all we can to put these people's grandkids through college. while i am trying to curtail my behavior to some degree, it'll be a frigid day in hell before i completely kick the habit.hey, a girl's gotta have a vice!



posted by nicole at 4:34 pm









	 

	 blonde-sided
	 
    


so what if it's old, it's still funny!i'm sure you never even noticed that dude in the background anyway...



posted by nicole at 12:13 am











about me

name:  nicole 

view my complete profile



i ain't skurred
 


word!

a friend in need



losers



trade me



and?

























i wish



it's about time




good stuff

 bad tofu
the assimilated negro
bad girls guide
blogfart
bring it on
the bulldog manifesto
cindyli design
eclectic spaghetti
confessions of a dumb, white guy
don't say that too loud
the erin o'brien owner's manual for human beings
for you are in elysium
gangstas and hugs
here's to happy women
impeach bush coalition
john's blog
just a sec, hon
kill the goat
life this ordinary
lip schtick
lolipopculture
the martian anthropologist
the martini project
mc hammer blog
memoirs of a lunatic
murdershow
neurotic in ashburn
nicotine's ash
people we love to hate
rw-(the original)
postsecret
randomness from concentrate
sonia-belle
spin me i pulsate
the scarlett letters
tedstories
wasteland of the mind
was is should having been said
white dade
nicolemart
badtofu



previous posts

long gone
diss, miss?
hey hey, hayes
use your head
heartbreak hotel
decision 2006
smart he
say when
addiction
blonde-sided


archives

may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006






show me some love
who links to me?
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 































<<
#
bitch club
?
>>



