





















office of the chief rabbi - chief rabbi ephraim mirvis





































































menuhomeaboutthe chief rabbivisionhistory of the chief rabbinatejob vacancies closenewslatest news 

the chief rabbi’s prayer composed for the coronavirus pandemic


public inquiry: the holocaust memorial and learning centre


bosworth reunion is a virtual success


view all newsbrowse categoriesgeneral newsshabbat ukrosh hashanahyom kippurthe shalem fellowshippurimchanukahpesachsukkotyom ha'azmautwomenshavuotchildrenisraelcommunitieseducationsocial responsibilityinterfaithfestivalscce case studies closemediaarticles 





marking the yahrzeit of october 7








thought for the day: honouring lily ebert








thought for the day: rosh hashanah



view all articles
audio 





thought for the day: honouring lily ebert








thought for the day: rosh hashanah








thought for the day: purim 2024



view all audio
video 





every child is the one and only. d’var torah for parshat yitro








leadership that lasts: d’var torah for parshat beshalach








am yisrael chai. d’var torah for parshat bo



view all video
view all media closedivrei torahcommunities“those who work for the community must do so for the sake of heaven”read morecentre for community excellenceshabbatukthe etz chaim projectmarriage authorisation closeeducation“one who increases study, increases wisdom”read more closesocial responsibility“the day is short and the work is great” read moreinterfaiththe chief rabbi’s ben azzai programme closecontact

search







receive weekly insights from the chief rabbi




























essay: what is zionism?
read the chief rabbi's essay: what is zionism?read more






the chief rabbi's prayer for israel 
read the chief rabbi's prayer for israelread more






the chief rabbi's school's review
click here to read more about the chief rabbi's school's reviewread more




the chief rabbi's shalem fellowship.
click here to apply to the fellowship. read more




marriage authorisation
information on getting married and registering your marriageread more









latest article
 

15 october 2024
marking the yahrzeit of october 7
view all




weekly insight



13 february 2025
every child is the one and only. d’var torah for parshat yitro
view all






projects


neshama




  more than 300 women from fifty different communities – from ealing united synagogue to machzikei hadass, golders green – gathered at the new south hampstead synagogue for some pre-high holy day inspiration.
view more


the chief rabbi's ben azzai programme



  the chief rabbi's ben azzai programme is an annual initiative taking university students on an immersive international trip to the developing world.
view more


the ma'ayan programme



 the chief rabbi's unique new course for women will produce exceptional female educators versed in matters relating to women's health and family purity.
view more






connect with us


facebook


chief rabbi mirvisrabbi ephraim mirvis has been chief rabbi of the united hebrew congregations of the commonwealth since 1st september 2013. formerly chief rabbi of ireland, rabbi mirvis was senior rabbi of kinloss synagogue in finchley from 1996-2013.chief rabbi mirvis welcome home sagui dekel-chen, sasha troufanov and yair horn, freed after 498 unimaginable days of captivity in gaza. may every single one of the remaining hostages be returned as soon as possible.
     view on facebook 


twitter

 




instagram






the opportunity to join the chief rabbi’s ben az
 





many in the british jewish community are feeling t


 





bbc verify has reported that russian telegram chan


 





sir, 

over the last few days we have watched in h



 





 follow on instagram









youtube

 












receive weekly insights from the chief rabbi:

















 






about
news
media
communities
education
marriage authorisation
social responsibility
job vacancies
contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions



	305 ballards lane
	london
	n12 8gb

 020 8343 6301
info@chiefrabbi.org





© 2025 office of the chief rabbi. all rights reserved. 
site by maven























