




littleton, new hampshire - the glad town












show menu ↓


things to dothings to do

upcoming events
activities
recreation
shopping
arts in littleton
golittleton shop
local cinema
main st. webcam
cynics & sages


restaurants
lodging
shopping
local events
real estate
services
employment
pollyanna

pollyanna glad shop


about littletonabout littleton

chamber
directions
library
churches
lidc
lwl
historical society
schools
main st. webcam


discover littletondiscover littleton

photo gallery
arts in littleton
parades
littleton walks
the old man
main st. webcam
old postcards
golittleton shop



contact/advertise
photo gallery
home








pearls before primates:
wisdom and beauty form a very rare combinationpetronius arbiter: the satyricon, xciv







1 littletonian now online


winter fun

	find some fun this holiday weekend. enjoy a movie at jaxjrcinemas, see a live performance at the opera house, find sweets and gifts at local shops, take a ride on the snowy bike trails or just sit back and find a cozy spot to relax.  whatever makes you glad!  check out the event calendar here.
we got ice!
it takes 30 layers of ice to make the ice rink at remich park safe to skate and safe to take the tractor zamboni out on it. at best when the temps are below zero, you can get four layers down in 24 hours. our local park heroes spent many hours in the middle of these cold nights making ice! the rink is now open!  see here for rink info. dave harkless of littleton bike shop and his crew worked on the old skate sharpener. between littleton and monroe, dave has donated about 100 skate sharpening's. he says he does it because he likes to skate and loves his community.  thank you all for bringing some winter fun in january!  
what's there to do around here?
all kinds of fun can be found in littleton in the winter, enjoy walking trails, fat biking trails,  shopping, dining, or  play the pollyanna glad game!   
jax jr cinemas
movies are back on main street!  view showtimes at jaxjrcinemas.com 

small town with a big heart
new dating advice - bring your sweetheart to littleton for fun and romance!  view an article about littleton on datingadvice.com. littleton was also recently named as one of the "top coziest towns" in the recent aaa travel magazine. so snuggle up and enjoy littleton!
lingering in littleton
nh magazine shares a fun way to spend a day in littleton.  
read "lingering in littleton"
historic perspective

30 years of economic revitalization by brian wardin 1992, if a 1990's rip van winkle fell asleep in littleton on the shore of the ammonoosuc river and awoke on a september, sunday morning this year he would have been flabbergasted.  read full story here.....  


littleton is fortunate to have an active lions club!  check all they do to support our community.  more about littleton lions club


glad to garden

thank you to all the local volunteer gardners who keep littleton looking so colorful! read more about the club at littletonnhgardenclub.org


downtown webcam

	thanks to littleton water and light, thayers inn, wmur and golittleton, the downtown webcam is online and streaming from main street littleton. check it out here and watch for it on wmur weather reports!
littleton named as one of the most quintessential small towns in new england

		strategistico looked at all of the 1,446 small towns across new england with a population of 25,000 people or less and rated them based on several key factors, which include cost of living, dining, nightlife and entertainment options, cultural events, safety, and walkability. littleton ranked in the top 12!
read more →

explore littleton neighborhoods

	visit discoverlittleton.com
littleton's historic museum 
littleton historical museum is an awesome place to visit and learn more about littleton history.  for more info or reservations, call 603-444-6435.  watch highlights on the littletonhistory youtube channel!   


the golittleton glad shop is located right under the pollyanna gateway, featuring glad gifts and pollyanna-themed souvenirs!  stop by, give us a wave and get a free pollyanna sticker! golittleton glad shop 


nault's powersports
	address: 515 union street littleton, nh 03561
	phone: (603) 444-5003
naults.com
riverglen house



local dining
		many local restaurants are offering inside dining, take out, food trucks and curbside pickup.  
more info →


kirk's delivery
		local food delivery service for littleton and the surrounding area
more info →



get outside! enjoy littleton's walking and biking trails
littleton offers a variety of hiking trails and scenic vistas. take a short hike or make a day of it.  click here for more information.
kilburn crags - a local favorite
kilburn crags awarded editor's pick for "locals only hiking trail" by nh magazine!
info & photos →
a walkable community
littleton is made for walking!  read how one reporter spent the weekend having fun without a car!  this article was featured on nhmagazine.com.... 
prkr mtn trails
22 mile network of handbuilt community-driven mountain bike, hiking, skiing, and running trails in littleton visit website →
the river district

enjoy littleton's harmony park along the riverwalk





littleton in the news
the adorable hamlet of littleton
littleton named as one of the top six charming towns in new england by travel trivia  read all about it....  

			where to find big fun in littleton - new hampshire magazine
getting hip to town's charms in littleton, nh
littleton, nh: sixth best small town downtown in america
full story at best choice reviews →
"new hampshire life" on nesn featured littleton in summer 2021  
littleton was featured in the july issue of yankee magazine! see article →
littleton, new hampshire: focus on the arts
arts & the river district redevelopment projectin main street now magazine

municipal news
events, meetings and reports are all available at the littleton town website:  townoflittleton.org 







 


top of page




		® golittleton ®2025 all rights reserved
		website development & design ©2017 notchnet






