





partain genealogy – partain geneology





































 


skip to the content 


















 







partain family in america 










genealogy 
for the 
new decade











what happens when you are a researcher with a rare last name and time to kill in salt lake city? decades worth of obsessive research just waiting to be shared. and if you have a need for further details than i have on this site, you can hire me for a bit. well, for awhile .... since a u.s. bit is only one eighth of a dollar.  
























 




						about me					


						i have been doing research on the partain family in america since 1997. i'm very detail-oriented and a tad obsessive. just being honest.					















 




						partain family research					


						although i am happy to help get you started in your research and do basic look-ups for free, i do need to charge an hourly rate if you would like a more in-depth search or any reports created for you.					















 




						my other pages 					


						here you will find links to the other families i am researching and my general interests.					























 





 













i wrote a book 




400 pages
23,000+ individuals
photos galore
58,000+ records
three decades of work

















unfortunately, i have so many people, connections, and records in my files that the program i use, family tree maker, will no longer sync with my ancestry.com account. until the program becomes more robust i am not able to update my book. for now, please contact me and i will see if i can help with your tree. i will do a general search for you for free, but if it takes me more than an 30 minutes or an hour i will have to charge you for my time. 



























the research 

















 













my family group sheetslorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. in sem justo, commodo ut, suscipit at, pharetra vitae, orci.  









book table of contentstable of contents from the book. or at least the last time i was able to get the program to update it. 









book indexthis is out of date, but you can search this page to see if i have information on the family members you are searching for! 















my direct linemy actual line is quite small, at least the direct part of it. i have made a very basic summary of it here.  










 










early census indexesi have compiled lists of the heads of households for the 1790-1840 u.s. census by state. these are generally a good place to start your search and are free to use. 















my family photosi have a few photos of my ancestors which you can view here.  









partain? partin? parton?so, how do you spell it? in truth, all variations of partain, partin, partan, parton, partine, and so forth all seem to be descended from a few families who immigrated to america in the early 1600's. 









other free resourceshere are a few more of my indexed resources and links to other free search engines and forms online. let me know if you find others and i can add them here for folks to use.  





















get in touch 









contact me 




email : kimberly@partain.com 
















(c) 1999-2022  














































