











- holocaust teacher resource center










































































holocaust teacher resource center
resources about the holocaust
holocaust teacher resource center





support us by buying from the following:



home
about

holocaust defined
website’s origins/vision
mission/goals
hefi logo
our founder
site map


resources

lesson plans
teacher videos
survivor videos
essays/publications
annotated bibliographies/videographies
book reviews
editorials
site map


testimonials
links
contact

 


this holocaust teacher resource center (trc) web site, is dedicated to the memory of the six million jewish people slaughtered during the holocaust and the millions other people slaughtered during the nazi era. it strives to combat prejudice and bigotry by transforming the horrors of the holocaust into positive lessons to help make this a better and safer world for everybody. this site is sponsored by the holocaust education foundation, inc., an irs approved 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. donations are tax deductable as allowed by law. educators, (kindergarten through college) will find at this site materials which can be brought into the classroom and studied. whenever possible entire documents are included and may be downloaded for direct use in the classroom. pictured at left: “death march” was painted by maryanne katz, wife of the late holocaust survivor david katz. click to read his autobiography and to see more of his wife’s paintings. or watch the videos: heritage video clip | remembers video clip
recent additions

nicole yancey, a holocaust survivor, was the featured guest speaker at the april 29, 2019 joint base langley eustis holocaust days of remembrance.  the video is a repetition of her presentation at that ceremony.  click here to view the video.
ushmm ordinary soldiers case study
contrary to public perception, commanders in the german wehrmacht (armed forces) were not commonly reprimanded or punished if they refused to carry out orders in having their military units participate in the murder of jewish civilians in their designated areas of operation.  einsatzgruppen was the name for the killing squads.  the united states holocaust memorial museum (ushmm) collected data that showed it was very uncommon for leaders to face punishment in the face of refusing to take part in mass killings.
on april 29, 2019, captain evan t. kowalski, us army, was the master of ceremonies (mc) at the holocaust days of remembrance observance for the joint base langley-eustis military community.  his opening remarks included information that the united states holocaust memorial museum (ushmm) and the west point center for holocaust and genocide studies researched regarding the 1st battalion, 691st infantry regiment, of the german wehrmacht.
capt. kowalski’s presentation is posted with his permission. click here for his presentation. click here for the full ushmm ordinary soldiers case study. click here to view a video of holocaust survivor, nicole yancey, read the script she read at that holocaust remembrance day ceremony.
watch jill david, an award-winning 6th-grade teacher in virginia, as she presents a lesson about the holocaust to her grafton middle school students.  her lesson addresses virginia’s sols in both social studies and language arts.  specific sol skills are listed on the teacher videos page
the united jewish federation of tidewater (ujft) created a program called what we carry.   survivor videos has some information about that program.  it also has seven professionally made videos with holocaust survivors telling some of what they experienced during the holocaust.
 





why teach?
unesco asks the question:
“why teach about the holocaust”?
“what can be learned about preventing genocide and mass atrocities through study of the holocaust and other nazi crimes?”
“other genocides have occurred after the holocaust, on several continents. how can we draw better lessons from the past?”
(posted with permission by unesco.)


all publications






lesson plans
holocaust survivor peter l. fischl wrote a poem titled “to the little polish boy standing with his arms up” in response to a photo of jewish people being forced out of a ghetto. a lesson plan written by award winning teacher nancy gorrell was published in the english journal and posted on this site with permission.
download the photo/poem and
lesson plan, or order the teaching kit.
(posted with permission by peter l. fischl)


all lesson plans






response to deniers
arieh’s response to deniers
arieh lebowitz, associate director of jewish labor committee responded to sonya brendon of sydney, austrailia who questioned the existence of evidence of gas chamber that killed holocaust victims. his response details documented sources of that evidence.
click here to read his editorial response.
(posted with permission by arieh lebowitz.)


all editorials








help support us by making a donation or a purchase through one of these sites.







subscribe to our mailing list
sign our guestbook




holocaust teacher resource center © 2024  |  privacy policy | site map




