








sec consult - a leading consultant in application and cybersecurity as well as it security










































toggle navbarcareerabout uscontact
                            en
                        desearch
                            compliance & regulations
                        
                                        nis2
                                    
                                        digital operational resilience act (dora)
                                    
                                        cyber resilience act
                                    
                            security testing
                        
                                        web application security
                                    
                                        penetration testing
                                    
                                        mobile security
                                    
                                        cloud security
                                    
                                        it infrastructure security
                                    
                                        security for sap services
                                    
                                        iot and embedded systems security
                                    
                                        red teaming
                                    
                            processes & organisation
                        
                                        information security management (ism)
                                    
                                        ot security
                                    
                                        secure software development consulting
                                    
                                        red teaming
                                    
                                        sec trainings
                                    
                                        project- und program management
                                    
                            incident response
                        
                                        sec defence
                                    
                            vulnerability lab
                        
                            blog
                        incident?
                                
                                    breached?report an incident
                                
                            a reliable partner for long-term cybersecurity
                        a robust cybersecurity strategy is essential for companies operating in sensitive sectors. that is why swiss space company beyond gravity chose to work with our cybersecurity experts.
                    
                            read more
                        your global cyber security partnerget in touch with your local experts and make a personal appointment.victim of a cyber attack?the sec defence-team is there for your company 24/7. contact us now!latest advisoriesclick here to check out the latest advisories from our leading researchers.
                concerned about your cyber security status?
            
    



            contact us now and get advice from our experts.
        
                contact us
            
                latest advisories
            multiple vulnerabilities in wattsense bridge
                    11. feb 2025
                wind river software vxworks rtos weak password hashing algorithms
                    27. jan 2025
                reflected cross-site scripting in numerix license server administration system login
                    11. dec 2024
                
                sec consult blog
            how beyond gravity, a leading swiss aerospace company, is fortifying cybersecurity: a real-life success story
                    18.02.2025
                newsin the highly sensitive aerospace industry, a comprehensive and proactive security strategy is paramount for companies to meet long-term security…
                read more
            ransomhub ransomware: double-extortion attack and how to defend
                    29.01.2025
                defencecyberattacks are constantly evolving, and ransomware remains a critical threat. we recently encountered the ransomhub ransomware group, which…
                read more
            join us at the swiss cyber security days!
                    28.01.2025
                the swiss cyber security days will take place in bern from 18 - 19 february. the largest swiss expo in the field of cyber security presents over 90…
                read more
            legal noticeprivacy statementjobs
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        sec consult is one of the leading consultancies in the field of cyber and application security. the company specializes in information security management, nis security audits, penetration testing, iso 27001 certification support, cyber defence and secure software certification. sec consult is part of eviden.
                    








we use cookies

we use cookies to offer you a perfect visit experience. these include cookies that are necessary for the operation of the site and for the control of our commercial corporate goals, as well as those that are only used for anonymous statistical purposes, for convenience settings or to display personalized content. decide for yourself which categories you want to allow. please note that based on your settings, not all functions of the site may be available.
legal notice  •  privacy statement







                                            technically required
                                        

                                            (
                                                0
                                                service
                                            )
                                        




no



                                                technically required (
                                                0
                                                service
                                                )
                                            



yes









                                            analysis / statistics
                                        

                                            (
                                                1
                                                service
                                            )
                                        

anonymous evaluation for troubleshooting and further development



no



                                                analysis / statistics (
                                                1
                                                service
                                                )
                                            



yes






matomo

no

matomo


yes



matomo.org


                                                            show details
                                                        

                                                            hide details
                                                        



purpose: error analysis, statistical evaluation of our website accesses, campaign analysis, conversion tracking. processing operations: collection of access data, data from your browser and data about the content accessed; execution of analysis software and storage of data on your terminal device, anonymization of the data collected; evaluation of the anonymous data in the form of statistics. storage period: 1 year. joint controller: limesoda interactive marketing gmbh. legal basis for data processing: art. 6 para. 1 lit. f of the dsgvo. consequences of non-consent: this basic tracking is absolutely necessary for the operation of our website. data transfer: the data collected with matomo is stored on our own servers. it is not passed on to third parties.









                    accept selected
                

                    reject all
                

                    accept all
                






