










home - adventures in golf











































































 



















about us

our history
our logo story
testimonials
accolades


destinations

scotland
ireland
england
wales
spain
portugal
new zealand
australia
united states
canada
bermuda
france


experiences

with friends
couples & families
groups & events
ultimate adventures


contact us
 





select page


  
 
 













limited 2025 guaranteed old course tee times still available - contact us today!
view course details








ireland is calling!
view course details








pinehurst, the cradle of american golf, should be at the top of anyone's bucket list
view course details










explore our destinations










royal troon










the national golf club










fontainebleau










royal dublin










formby










gullane #1










lakes – sydney










cabot links










turtle point










pga national resort










walton heath old










highlands links










morfontaine










spyglass hill










donegal










grayhawk










the hills










whistling straits (irish)










dumbarnie links










paraparaumu beach golf club










golf du medoc










hunstanton










royal birkdale










cape wickham










mid ocean club


    






view our destinations 〉








easy steps




preferred destinations




different countries




years of experience





why choose adventures in golf

founded in 1977, adventures in golf is one of the oldest global golf tour operators.  with offices in both the united states and united kingdom, our key staff has over 125 years of combined travel experience.  since our company’s inception, we have built strong relationships with our accommodation, transportation, and golf partners, to make certain you receive an exceptional vacationing experience.  we have serviced thousands of groups, large and small, with each program completely customized and designed to maximize the enjoyment of your dream trip.  simply put, you state your objectives – we will ensure they are met.  
our experienced travel advisors offer peerless service and in-depth knowledge of britain, ireland and other global destinations.  the entire process from initial inquiry to confirmed itinerary can take as little as 24 hours.  this formula has produced an ever-increasing list of satisfied customers, as commendations in passport, forbes, sky and connoisseur magazines bear testimony.  additionally, as a golf destination specialist of andrew harper travel, a virtuoso preferred tour operator, and a proud partner of the pga of america north texas section, we extend our service to a still wider audience.







join the adventure







getaway with friends

whether it’s your weekend foursome, a group of college buddies, or a reunion of lifelong friends, start planning your dream…





couples & families

the days of golf being a “boys club” are long gone.  





groups & events

for those looking to plan an experience for a larger group, adventures in golf will make sure your event is one they will…





ultimate adventures

are all aspects of your travel considered luxury, with budget being secondary to experience?







what our customers say







“we had a very good trip and a great deal of the credit goes to your attention to detail and excellent staff. i felt that you had our backs when we missed our flight in washington, d.c. you and your staff moved the tee times and contacted the hotel and driver. you were in touch with our concerns and gave us the necessary support. it could have been a bad experience ( a literal washout!)…but your group really saved the day. we are completely satisfied with your services. you … “



destination: ireland







“this trip was the best we have taken, right alongside the trips to south africa and botswana. we had little appreciation that new zealand would be such a fantastic place, nor that the lodges would be so outstanding. even without much golf, it was an incredible trip. we cannot say enough good things about the service seasonz provided. they checked in with us frequently via text messages, and kept a watchful eye on the weather to see if it would impact … “



destination: new zealand





 










followfollowfollow





scotland



 ireland 



 england 



 wales 



 spain 



 portugal 





new zealand



 australia 



united states



 canada 



 bermuda 



france









united states
one victoria ridge
amherst, nh 03031
usa toll free: 1-877-424-7320
from outside usa: 603-424-7320
fax: 603-554-8386







united kingdom
129a south street
st andrews, ky16 9uh
scotland, uk
tel: 01334-479500
fax: 01334-473851











copyright © 2022. adventures in golf. terms of use. privacy policy. sitemap. site by imavex



 




























