






get back in the daze | night flight plus































menu



browse
shorts

tv guide

nftv 1
nftv 2





login
start free trial









 

night flight plus











vinegar syndromelegendary reissue and restoration film label vinegar syndrome joins the night flight cult label family. the company, founded in 2012 by joe rubin and ryan emerson, specializes in protecting and preserving genre films.













pater noster and the mission of lightpater noster and the mission of light tells the story of max, a young record store clerk who stumbles upon a rare vinyl lp and is drawn into the deranged world of a 1970s hippie commune.













get back in the dazenight flight plus is the premium streaming channel based on "the single greatest rock omnibus program ever aired" — vh1. sign up, download the app, and explore must-watch original episodes now!













we kill for love: the lost world of the erotic thrillerwe kill for love goes in search of the forgotten world of the direct-to-video erotic thriller, an american film genre that once dominated late night cable television and the shelves of neighborhood video stores.













a-ha: the movietake on me made them global superstars. and a-ha still sells out arenas worldwide - but can they mend the broken friendships?







previous
next





view all
live tv










night flight tv
            this is the eclectic curation dna night flight is known for. on 24/7 with a heavy focus on music and night flight original programming. featuring original episodes, concert films, mus...read more
          







night flight tv: cult & horrorthon
            24/7 cult, horror and beyond from the night flight plus collection, featuring curated classics from our current roster, and of course, an array of titles from our cult labels partners...read more
          





previous
next





view all
essentials










class of 1984
            directed and co-written by mark l. lester (class of 1999, commando, firestarter), class of 1984 is one of the seminal cult movies of the early 1980s. andrew norris (perry king, lipsti...read more
          







angel
            mixing slasher-style scenes w/ the sweetness of an afterschool special, angel is one of the seminal exploitation films of the 80s. molly stewart (donna wilkes; jaws 2) is at the top o...read more
          







prince - sign o' the times
            punctuated with specially-filmed, dramatic vignettes, prince and his band bring his grammy nominated album `sign 'o' the times' to life in one of the greatest concert films ever made,...read more
          







brian eno 1971-1977: the man who fell to earth
            this documentary film - the first ever about eno - explores his life, career and music between the years 1971 & 1977, the period that some view as his golden age. featuring numerous e...read more
          







blitzed: the 80s blitz kids story
            boy george was the coat check girl (admittedly stealing money from the purses) .... bowie, synth beats, and a new freedom of sexual identity were in the air. the blitz club spell was ...read more
          







smithereens
            smithereens is the story of wren (susan berman), an 19 year old layabout from new jersey who has come to manhattan to promote herself to stardom in new york's waning punk music world....read more
          









nightclubbing: the birth of punk rock in nyc
            nightclubbing is the first ever documentary about the renowned new york city nightclub max's kansas city (1965-1981) which had an indelible impact on the world of music, fashion, art,...read more
          







dolemite
            the legendary classic…the pillar of the ‘blaxploitation’ genre….rudy ray moore is dolemite!

sent to prison on a frame-up by some crooked cops and his arch rival, the notorious will...read more
          







pater noster and the mission of light
            pater noster and the mission of light tells the story of max, a young record store clerk who stumbles upon a rare vinyl lp and is drawn into the world of a 1970s hippie commune. an in...read more
          







kraftwerk and the electronic revolution
            as innovative as they are influential, kraftwerk's contribution to the development of electronic music since their formation in 1970 remains unsurpassed. having inspired everyone from...read more
          







night flight - marianne faithfull video profile
            welcome to a very special night flight video profile! in 1966, a seventeen year old sweet-voiced blonde schoolgirl became british rock's first authentic pop princess, only to lose tha...read more
          







night flight - chrystabell & david lynch video profile
            american singer chrystabell reunites with legendary director and musician david lynch for “cellophane memories,”a haunting and atmospheric new collection of songs for night flight ind...read more
          









liquid sky
            the essential document of new york’s 1980s new wave scene and the archetypal "midnight movie" from director slava tsukerman returns home to night flight. in what is one of the most de...read more
          







desolation center
            desolation center is the previously untold story of a series of early 80s guerrilla music and art performance happenings in southern california that are recognized to have inspired bu...read more
          







black christmas
            the college town of bedford is receiving an unwelcome guest this christmas. as the residents of sorority house pi kappa sigma prepare for the festive season, a stranger begins to stal...read more
          







fugazi - instrument
            instrument is a collaboration between filmmaker jem cohen and the washington d.c. band fugazi, covering the 10 year period of 1987-1996. far from a traditional documentary, this is a ...read more
          







the love witch
            elaine, a beautiful young witch, is determined to find a man to love her. in her gothic victorian apartment she makes spells and potions, and then picks up men and seduces them. howev...read more
          







brainiac - transmissions after zero
            in the mid 90's the dayton, oh music scene became a hot spot generating worldwide buzz from the influential indie rock being produced there (the breeders, guided by voices). arguably ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
love & death: a nf valentine's day










the love witch
            elaine, a beautiful young witch, is determined to find a man to love her. in her gothic victorian apartment she makes spells and potions, and then picks up men and seduces them. howev...read more
          







psychos in love
            joe (carmine capobianco) runs a strip club and kate (debi thibeault) is an attractive young manicurist. after bonding over their mutual dislike of grapes, they discover another common...read more
          







night flight - valentine's day special 1988
            this 1988 special night flight episodes has 1930s beauty tips, cult classic cartoons and a lost interview with heartthrob mick jagger. "for decades moviegoers have fulfilled their rom...read more
          







unmade beds
            see debbie harry in this 1976 drama from "no wave" filmmaker amos poe. this is the story of rico in new york city, who imagines he lives in paris during the time of "new wave" filmmak...read more
          







the devil's honey
            in perhaps his most rarely seen film, godfather of gore lucio fulci takes on the erotic thriller genre and unleashes the ultimate onslaught of glossy depravity: brett halsey (demonia,...read more
          







vampyres
            "they share the pleasures of the flesh, and unleashed the horrors of the grave!" screamed the ads. marianne morris and playboy centerfold anulka star as bisexual seductresses who roam...read more
          









cemetery man
            the magnum opus of director michele soavi (the church, stage fright). rupert everett stars as cemetery watchman francesco dellamorte, tasked with dispatching the recently deceased whe...read more
          







2069: a sex odyssey
            interplanetary women looking for what only earth men can give... five sexy females from the planet venus are sent to earth to bring back sperm samples to their planet, which is dying ...read more
          







paprika
            a young country girl (voluptuous deborah caprioglio) comes to town and takes a job in a brothel in order to help her fiancée get the money to start his own business. in her new found ...read more
          







a moment of romance
            a moment of romance is a classic of hong kong cinema that has been much imitated but rarely bettered. with a breakneck pace and violence reminiscent of to and takashi miike and the be...read more
          







night flight presents: dr. ruth good sex special
            in this "best of" compilation starring beloved sex therapist dr. ruth as she engages in late-night therapy sessions, hosts stimulating conversations with celebrity guest stars, and de...read more
          







blind date
            a psychopathic killer with a penchant for beautiful models stalks the streets in this chilling thriller of futuristic science and volatile passions, starring kirstie alley and joseph ...read more
          









night flight - "take off" to sex 4
            "rock n roll is a blues euphemism for sex," pat prescott tells us at the beginning of this 1985 episode of night flight. "take off to sex" is a provocative look at video eroticism wit...read more
          







score
            having explored hetero-sexual obsessions in the critically acclaimed “camille 2000” and “the lickerish quartet”, erotic cult director radley metzger goes all the way in score, a tale ...read more
          







in the cold of the night
            dreams. they come from a place still unknown to science. it remains a mystery how their extraordinary power can excite you with visions of pleasure or overwhelm you with feelings of t...read more
          







female perversions
            in her us film debut, academy award© winner tilda swinton stars as a bi-sexual lawyer on the edge of professional breakthrough, personal breakdown, and sexual awakening. an erotic psy...read more
          







drowning by numbers
            peter greenaway – “one of the most distinctive, provocative talents of his generation” (the guardian) – shocked/delighted international audiences with this slyly deranged black comedy...read more
          







dr. ruth & what turns men on
            "is it big breasts, long legs, sexy underwear? or is a law degree?" in this '90s spinoff "on the air with dr. ruth," the doctor holds a panel discussion with a group of men about what...read more
          





previous
next





view all
newly added










venus in furs
            jess franco'ss supernatural sex stunner! of the all the twisted hits from cult director jess franco, this is the one that fans and critics alike call his masterpiece! james darren  st...read more
          







archie: to riverdale and back again
            archie: to riverdale and back again is a 1990 made for tv movie based on archie comics, premiering on nbc sunday night at the movies on may 6, 1990. the classic comic-book characters ...read more
          







1982: greatest geek year ever
            night flight plus is proud to present "1982: greatest geek year ever!" in its original, unedited feature length form for the first time on streaming! this epic documentary spotlights ...read more
          







adela has not had supper yet
            within that bizarre flower lies a huge enigma,” muses nick carter, america’s greatest detective, called to prague to investigate the case of a missing dog and instead winding up in th...read more
          







the devil's lover
            previously available only in edited versions and poor-quality transfers, it remains one of the most obscure and bizarre italian gothics of the '70s: when a trio of free-spirited young...read more
          







argoman the fantastic superman
            a 1967 italian eurospy-superhero hybrid that follows a morally ambiguous super-powered hero enlisted by british authorities. when the self-proclaimed queen of the world, jenabelle, na...read more
          









cane river
            written, produced, and directed by emmy award-winning documentarian, horace b. jenkins, and crafted by an entirely african american cast and crew, cane river is a racially-charged lov...read more
          







witchtrap
            from director kevin tenney (night of the demons; witchboard) comes this gleefully gory and over the top late 80s supernatural shocker. for years, the lauder house has been plagued by ...read more
          







night flight - steve miller video profile
            "i've got a satellite dish and pull you guys in on the weekend," says steve miller, a devoted night flight fan, in this special video profile. "the first time i saw it, i thought, 'wh...read more
          







tubular bells: 50th anniversary tour live concert
            mike oldfield's iconic tubular bells took the world by storm in 1973. the 50th anniversary celebration of his masterpiece continues with this incredible 4k live concert recording with...read more
          







culture club - live at wembley
            the iconic multi-platinum selling '80s pop legends, culture club return home for the holidays and perform "live at wembley," after a hugely successful 60 city world tour featuring all...read more
          







sk8face
            sk8face tells the history of skateboard art and its evolution through the decades, as iconic and rebellious skateboarders and artists give firsthand experiences and stories about thei...read more
          









dogra magra
            a man wakes in an asylum with no memory. dr wakabayashi helps him to recall his past in which he killed his bride on their wedding day. part of his memory becomes linked to another do...read more
          







pete seeger's rainbow quest: stanley brothers & doc watson
            rainbow quest was a tv series hosted by pete seeger and filmed in the mid 1960s when folk music had enormous popularity. this episode features the stanley brothers and doc watson. the...read more
          







no escape
            the year is 2022. john robbins (ray liotta), a former marine captain, has been sentenced for assassinating his commanding officer and is banished to a secret and remote prison island ...read more
          







the ghost of yotsuya
            director kenji misumi (lone wolf and cub) and writer fuji yahiro (sansho the bailiff, a bloody spear at mt. fuji) turn the quintessential japanese ghost story into a profoundly resona...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "the sunset strip"
            take a ride down the glory days of the sunset strip, featuring some of the hardest-rocking and hardest-partying bands of the era including poison, great white and kik tracee, as well ...read more
          







the last will and testament of u.k. subs
            punk legends the u.k. subs deliver a blistering live set of their classic hits at the 100 club in london, england in the fall of 2023. charlie harper, alvin gibbs, steve staughan and ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
trending










pater noster and the mission of light
            pater noster and the mission of light tells the story of max, a young record store clerk who stumbles upon a rare vinyl lp and is drawn into the world of a 1970s hippie commune. an in...read more
          







suburbia
            suburbia is director penelope spheeris's study of the los angeles punk rock scene in the early 1980s. evan and his younger brother leave their broken home in an attempt to escape thei...read more
          







basket case
            duane bradley is a pretty ordinary guy. his formerly conjoined twin belial, on the other hand, is a deformed, fleshy lump whom he carries around in a wicker basket. arriving in the bi...read more
          







rock 'n' roll high school
            vince lombardi high school has quite a reputation: it's the wildest, most rockin' high school around! that is, until a thug of a principal, miss togar, comes along and tries to make t...read more
          







messiah of evil
            a woman arrives in a sleepy seaside town after receiving unsettling letters from her father, only to discover the town is under the influence of a strange cult that weeps tears of blo...read more
          







it came from aquarius records
            it came from aquarius records explores the san francisco-based independent record shop that helped shape the tastes of bay area residents and beyond for nearly a half a century. the s...read more
          









smithereens
            smithereens is the story of wren (susan berman), an 19 year old layabout from new jersey who has come to manhattan to promote herself to stardom in new york's waning punk music world....read more
          







the phantom empire
            in the phantom empire from director fred olen rey, lost-city explorers find mutants, cavegirls, dinosaurs and a leather-clad space queen played by sybil danning (reform school girls)....read more
          







angel
            mixing slasher-style scenes w/ the sweetness of an afterschool special, angel is one of the seminal exploitation films of the 80s. molly stewart (donna wilkes; jaws 2) is at the top o...read more
          







rude boy
            merging documentary and fiction, jack hazan and david mingay’s rude boy follows roughneck ray gange as he drops his soho sex-shop job to roadie for the clash—the most fiery, revolutio...read more
          







vampyres
            "they share the pleasures of the flesh, and unleashed the horrors of the grave!" screamed the ads. marianne morris and playboy centerfold anulka star as bisexual seductresses who roam...read more
          







skateboard: the movie
            skateboard was the first feature film to depict the height of the 70s skateboard craze. many refer to it as the bad news bears of the sport. it’s star studded cast includes alan garfi...read more
          









liquid sky
            the essential document of new york’s 1980s new wave scene and the archetypal "midnight movie" from director slava tsukerman returns home to night flight. in what is one of the most de...read more
          







spookies
            of all of the bizarre horror films made in the 1980s, spookies easily ranks among the weirdest. produced by michael lee, founder of the adored uk home video distributor vipco, the fil...read more
          







we kill for love: the lost world of the erotic thriller
            we kill for love goes in search of the forgotten world of the direct-to-video erotic thriller, an american film genre that once dominated late night cable television and the shelves o...read more
          







jan terri: no rules
            a night flight plus streaming exclusive: this is the story of jan terri, an irrepressible and delightfully perplexing musical personality. as a child, jan would dance and sing for any...read more
          





previous
next





view all
editors' picks










jean-michel basquiat: the radiant child
            in his short career, jean-michel basquiat was a phenomenon. his dense, bebop-influenced neoexpressionist work emerged in the 1980s while minimalist art was the fad and as a successful...read more
          







claydream
            known as the “father of claymation,” will vinton revolutionized the animation business during the 1980s and 90s, creating such iconic characters as the california raisins and domino’s...read more
          







demon wind
            the strange and brutal deaths of cory's grandparents has haunted him for years. determined to discover the truth, he has returned to the desolate region where they lived, along with a...read more
          







betty davis - they say i'm different
            funk queen betty davis changed the landscape for female artists in america. she "was the first..." as former husband miles davis said. "madonna before madonna, prince before prince". ...read more
          







the changeling
            the film that martin scorsese calls "one of the scariest movies ever made" finally arrives on night flight plus: academy award® winner george c. scott delivers an unforgettable perfor...read more
          







black tight killers
            after wooing stewardess yoriko (chieko matsubara, tokyo drifter), war photographer hondo (akira kobayashi, battles without honor and humanity) sees her kidnapped by a team of deadly f...read more
          









alligator
            from director lewis teague (cujo) and screenwriter john sayles (the howling) comes an unstoppable thriller with bite. a family returning from florida decides their pet baby alligator ...read more
          







cemetery man
            the magnum opus of director michele soavi (the church, stage fright). rupert everett stars as cemetery watchman francesco dellamorte, tasked with dispatching the recently deceased whe...read more
          







rude boy
            merging documentary and fiction, jack hazan and david mingay’s rude boy follows roughneck ray gange as he drops his soho sex-shop job to roadie for the clash—the most fiery, revolutio...read more
          







liquid sky
            the essential document of new york’s 1980s new wave scene and the archetypal "midnight movie" from director slava tsukerman returns home to night flight. in what is one of the most de...read more
          







brain damage
            meet elmer. he's your friendly neighborhood parasite with the ability to induce euphoric hallucinations in his hosts. but these lsd-like trips come with a hefty price tag: when young ...read more
          







scott walker: 30 century man
            scott walker: 30th century man shows a rare glimpse into the creative world of the most enigmatic figure in rock history. tracing the undeniable impact scott walker has had on popular...read more
          









samurai cop
            amir shervan’s so-bad-it's-good epic cult-classic has arrived on night flight plus in a new remastered version! a deadly "code of silence" sweeps through los angeles as gang violence ...read more
          







magic
            this 1978 psychological thriller features a mesmerizing performance by a young anthony hopkins. directed by sir richard attenborough and based on william goldman's (the princess bride...read more
          







joe strummer: the future is unwritten
            as the lead singer of the clash from 1977 onward, joe strummer changed people's lives forever. years after his death, his influence reaches out around the world, more strongly now tha...read more
          







trekkies
            get ready to beam up to a galaxy where autograph hounds abound, dentists drill in federation garb and the debate over "trekkies" vs. "trekkers" rages on. denise crosby of star trek: t...read more
          







bad timing: a sensual obsession
            an american psychiatrist (art garfunkel) working in vienna is drawn to a beautiful but self-destructive married woman (theresa russell), but their torrid affair threatens to destroy t...read more
          







tetsuo: the iron man
            the masterpiece of japanese cyberpunk body horror. a strange man known only as the "metal fetishist", who seems to have an insane compulsion to stick scrap metal into his body, is hit...read more
          





previous
next





view all
streaming premiere: russ meyer's vixen collection










russ meyer's vixen!
            amid the cultural chaos of 1968 and armed with a budget of only $70,000, director russ meyer transcended sexploitation by crafting this “bosomacious melodrama” (time magazine) about r...read more
          







russ meyer's supervixens
            when a hot-blooded wife and a psychotic cop (a startling performance by charles napier of the blue brothers fame) come together, it will ignite a cross-country odyssey of violence, ve...read more
          







beneath the valley of the ultravixens
            the final feature produced, photographed, edited and directed by russ meyer is a wicked take on our town, co-written by meyer and pulitzer prize winner roger ebert (beyond the valley ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
hand-picked music docs










desolation center
            desolation center is the previously untold story of a series of early 80s guerrilla music and art performance happenings in southern california that are recognized to have inspired bu...read more
          







out of time: the material issue story
            out of time: the material issue story examines the tragic story of a rock band on the cusp of superstardom cut short by front man jim ellison’s suicide. the film tells the story of ma...read more
          







the cure: rock case studies '79-89
            featuring performance footage and commentary from musicians, fans and critics, this in-depth analysis of alternative rock band the cure examines the influence of the unique group that...read more
          







betty davis - they say i'm different
            funk queen betty davis changed the landscape for female artists in america. she "was the first..." as former husband miles davis said. "madonna before madonna, prince before prince". ...read more
          







a-ha: the movie
            a-ha -the movie follows the band over their entire career, telling the full story of how three young men followed their impossible dream of becoming worldwide pop stars and what happe...read more
          







frank zappa - the freak out list
            frank zappa published a record of his most important influences on the inside cover of his debut album. this film explores the musical roots of frank zappa by putting the freak out li...read more
          









in a silent way: a talk talk documentary
            "silence is the most powerful instrument i have. spirit is everything, and technique is always secondary." mark hollis, talk talk thirty years after the release of talk talk's fourth ...read more
          







analog love
            do you remember the long lost era of sharing your feelings with someone through a "mix tape?" analog love is an analysis of why this ritual of communication through music still contin...read more
          







other music
            other music was an influential and uncompromising new york city record store that was vital to the city’s early 2000s indie music scene. but when the store is forced to close its door...read more
          







wesley willis - the daddy of rock 'n' roll
            "god gave me this rock career to keep me busy. back in 1991 i used to hit old people with folding chairs. suddenly, i moved to the north side of chicago, illinois in 1992. it made a r...read more
          







wild combination: a portrait of arthur russell
            wild combination is director matt wolf’s visually absorbing portrait of the seminal avant-garde composer, singer-songwriter, cellist, and disco producer arthur russell. before his unt...read more
          







scott walker: 30 century man
            scott walker: 30th century man shows a rare glimpse into the creative world of the most enigmatic figure in rock history. tracing the undeniable impact scott walker has had on popular...read more
          









joe strummer: the future is unwritten
            as the lead singer of the clash from 1977 onward, joe strummer changed people's lives forever. years after his death, his influence reaches out around the world, more strongly now tha...read more
          







jan terri: no rules
            a night flight plus streaming exclusive: this is the story of jan terri, an irrepressible and delightfully perplexing musical personality. as a child, jan would dance and sing for any...read more
          







it came from aquarius records
            it came from aquarius records explores the san francisco-based independent record shop that helped shape the tastes of bay area residents and beyond for nearly a half a century. the s...read more
          







d.o.a.: a right of passage
            d.o.a.: a right of passage is the ground-breaking classic "rockumentary" about the origin of punk rock. centered around the sex pistols 1978 tour of the united states which ended with...read more
          







kate bush - under review
            this 90-minute film reviews the music and career of one of the world's most influential performers, singers and songwriters; arguably the most unique female artist ever. it includes r...read more
          







pulp: a film about life, death and supermarkets
             as much a testament to the band as it is to the city and inhabitants of sheffield, pulp weaves exclusive concert footage with man-on-the-street interviews and dreamy staged sequences...read more
          





previous
next





view all
radiance films










dogra magra
            a man wakes in an asylum with no memory. dr wakabayashi helps him to recall his past in which he killed his bride on their wedding day. part of his memory becomes linked to another do...read more
          







messiah of evil
            a woman arrives in a sleepy seaside town after receiving unsettling letters from her father, only to discover the town is under the influence of a strange cult that weeps tears of blo...read more
          







the ghost of yotsuya
            director kenji misumi (lone wolf and cub) and writer fuji yahiro (sansho the bailiff, a bloody spear at mt. fuji) turn the quintessential japanese ghost story into a profoundly resona...read more
          







the snow woman
            two woodcutters head into the mountains to fell an ancient tree. caught in a snowstorm, they spend the night in a mountain lodge, where a female spirit appears and takes the life of o...read more
          







the bride from hades
            noble samurai shinzaburo (kojiro hongo, gamera) is visited one night by the beautiful courtesan otsuyu (miyoko akaza, lady snowblood). she pleads with him to marry her and save her fr...read more
          







black tight killers
            after wooing stewardess yoriko (chieko matsubara, tokyo drifter), war photographer hondo (akira kobayashi, battles without honor and humanity) sees her kidnapped by a team of deadly f...read more
          









visible secret
            spirits lurk everywhere in ann (boat people) hui’s horror-comedy, visible secret. instantly infatuated by enigmatic amnesiac june (shu qi, millennium mambo) who has the ability to see...read more
          







red sun
            thomas (marquard bohm, kings of the road) gets a ride to munich where he finds his ex-girlfriend peggy (counter culture activist and model uschi obermaier) who takes him in. in her fl...read more
          







the iron prefect
            pasquale squitieri (the climber) directs this stunning period piece which won the david di donatello award for best film and features spaghetti western icon giuliano gemma brilliantly...read more
          







a moment of romance
            a moment of romance is a classic of hong kong cinema that has been much imitated but rarely bettered. with a breakneck pace and violence reminiscent of to and takashi miike and the be...read more
          







yakuza graveyard
            featuring the iconic meiko kaji (lady snowblood), yakuza graveyard finds gritty action filmmaker kinji fukasaku  (battle royale) at the peak of his powers.

things begin to spiral o...read more
          







la madre muerta (the dead mother)
            ismael (karra elejalde, timecrimes) breaks into the house of a fine art restorer and shoots the homeowner dead, leaving her daughter orphaned and traumatized for life. years later ism...read more
          









the sunday woman
            an odious architect is beaten to death and a high society wife (jacqueline bisset, day for night) and her friend (jean-louis trintignant, the conformist) are the key suspects, with a ...read more
          







elegant beast
            the maeda family hide behind their modest façade. one by one those affected by their schemes show up at their door. but each of these visitors has their own duplicitous agendas. direc...read more
          







big time gambling boss
            an atmospheric tale of gangland intrigue written by kazuo kasahara (battles without honour and humanity) and starring tomisaburo wakayama, (lone wolf and cub, the bounty hunter trilog...read more
          





previous
next





view all
midnight makers: cult and horror docs










we kill for love: the lost world of the erotic thriller
            we kill for love goes in search of the forgotten world of the direct-to-video erotic thriller, an american film genre that once dominated late night cable television and the shelves o...read more
          







z channel: a magnificent obsession
            xan cassavetes' film explores the euphoric rise and tragic descent of z channel, los angeles’ first pay cable service and its virtuosic film programmer jerry harvey. launched in 1974,...read more
          







vangelis and the journey to ithaka
            a night flight plus exclusive: from music film director tony palmer comes an extraordinary inside look at the life and music of vangelis. it’s hard to escape the music of vangelis. hi...read more
          







the kings of kung fu: releasing the legends
            chris poggiali, co-author of these fists break bricks, narrates the early years of kung fu film distribution in the u.s. in a new documentary, now streaming in our "midnight makers: c...read more
          







42nd street memories: the rise and fall of america’s most notorious street
            the rise and fall of america's most notorious street. the story behind the rise and fall of new york’s 42nd street. the cinemas, the films, the people, the crime and the rebirth of th...read more
          







fulci for fake
            he was known as the maestro of splatter and the godfather of gore. but who was the real lucio fulci? when an actor (nicola nocella of easy and pupi avati’s the youngest son) agrees to...read more
          









that's sexploitation!
            from director frank henenlotter (frankenhooker, brain damage) and co-producer mike vraney (the late founder of something weird video) comes the epic documentary critics call "fascinat...read more
          







skin: a history of nudity in the movies
            a definitive documentary on the history of nudity in the movies from the early silent days to the present, examining the changes in morality that led to the use of nudity in films whi...read more
          







mancunian man: the legendary life of cliff twemlow
            bouncer. novelist. composer. producer. star. to '80s uk audiences, cliff twemlow was all of these and then some. between 1982 and 1993, twemlow gathered a devoted team of local doorme...read more
          







deodato holocaust
            a documentary by felipe m. guerra that explores the film-by-film triumphs, tragedies and controversies of notorious filmmaker ruggero deodato. "great information and insider stories, ...read more
          







the trail of dracula
            diabolical. seductive. immortal. vampires have been an icon of evil in folklore and popular culture for more than three centuries, yet only one name still personifies the ultimate ari...read more
          







images of apartheid: filmmaking on the fringe in the old south africa
            from the creator of documentaries 42nd street memories and eaten alive, images of apartheid uncovers the likes of joe bullet (1973), fishy stones (1979) and umbango (1986), blaxploita...read more
          









time warp: the greatest cult films of all time (vol. 1 - midnight madness)
            from the rocky horror picture show to the big lebowski and everything in between, this fascinating deep-dive documentary begins its celebration of the greatest cult movies of all-time...read more
          







flesh and blood: the hammer heritage of horror
            from the 1950s when they pumped technicolor blood into old monsters like frankenstein and dracula, to today's chillers like 'let the right one in" and "the lady in black", hammer film...read more
          







ghostheads
            ghostheads is a documentary that explores the extreme side of the ghostbusters fandom, and looks back at the impact the franchise has had on the world over the past three decades feat...read more
          







claydream
            known as the “father of claymation,” will vinton revolutionized the animation business during the 1980s and 90s, creating such iconic characters as the california raisins and domino’s...read more
          







eaten alive! the rise and fall of the italian cannibal film
            from grindhouse releasing: a documentary on the short-lived craze of italian cannibal films in the ’70s and ’80s, (to which we are no strangers!) featuring interviews with umberto len...read more
          







category iii: the untold story of hong kong exploitation cinema
            welcome to your crash course on the history of hong kong exploitation cinema, one of the most curious and invigorating periods in exploitation filmmaking. this new documentary arrival...read more
          





previous
next





view all
oscilloscope laboratories










the love witch
            elaine, a beautiful young witch, is determined to find a man to love her. in her gothic victorian apartment she makes spells and potions, and then picks up men and seduces them. howev...read more
          







wild combination: a portrait of arthur russell
            wild combination is director matt wolf’s visually absorbing portrait of the seminal avant-garde composer, singer-songwriter, cellist, and disco producer arthur russell. before his unt...read more
          







tell them anything you want: a portrait of maurice sendak
            from lance bangs and spike jonze comes a deeply moving tribute to maurice sendak, a seminal talent whose conflicts with success and lifelong obsession with death have subtly influence...read more
          







all i can say
            shannon hoon, lead singer of the rock band blind melon, filmed himself religiously from 1990-1995 with a video camera, recording up until a few hours before his sudden death at the ag...read more
          







black white + gray
            a portrait of sam wagstaff and robert mapplethorpe. yale-educated and born with a silver spoon in his mouth, sam wagstaff transformed himself from innovative museum curator to robert ...read more
          







we are little zombies
            when four young orphans—hikari, ikuko, ishi, and takemura—first meet, their parents’ bodies are being turned into dust, like fine parmesan atop a plate of spaghetti bolognese, and yet...read more
          









pulp: a film about life, death and supermarkets
             as much a testament to the band as it is to the city and inhabitants of sheffield, pulp weaves exclusive concert footage with man-on-the-street interviews and dreamy staged sequences...read more
          







relaxer
            doom and gloom are on the way. the y2k apocalypse can't be stopped. abbie's older brother issues him the ultimate challenge before it goes down: beat the infamous level 256 in pac-man...read more
          







teenage
            a hypnotic rumination on the genesis of youth culture from the end of the 19th century to the first half of the 20th, matt wolf's teenage is a living collage of rare archival material...read more
          







scott walker: 30 century man
            scott walker: 30th century man shows a rare glimpse into the creative world of the most enigmatic figure in rock history. tracing the undeniable impact scott walker has had on popular...read more
          







searching for ingmar bergman
            on the 100th anniversary of his birth, internationally renowned director margarethe von trotta examines ingmar bergman’s life and work with a circle of his closest collaborators as we...read more
          







jean-michel basquiat: the radiant child
            in his short career, jean-michel basquiat was a phenomenon. his dense, bebop-influenced neoexpressionist work emerged in the 1980s while minimalist art was the fad and as a successful...read more
          









martin margiela: in his own words
            one of the most revolutionary and influential fashion designers of his time, martin margiela has remained an elusive figure the entirety of his decades-long career. from jean paul gau...read more
          







shortbus
            please note: this film contains graphic nudity and explicit sexual acts. john cameron mitchell’s shortbus explores the lives of several emotionally challenged characters as they navig...read more
          







the hours and times
            christopher munch’s boldly original debut, the hours and times (1992), is a fictional account of what might have happened in april 1963, when john lennon and beatles manager brian eps...read more
          







the twentieth century
            toronto, 1899. aspiring young politician mackenzie king (dan beirne) dreams of becoming the prime minister of canada. but his romantic vacillation between a british soldier and a fren...read more
          







the thorn in the heart
            the thorn in the heart (l'epine dans le coeur) is a personal look at the life of the gondry family matriarch, michel's aunt suzette gondry, and her relationship with her son, jean-yve...read more
          







brimstone & glory
            the national pyrotechnic festival in tultepec, mexico is a site of festivity unlike any other in the world. in celebration of san juan de dios, patron saint of firework makers, confla...read more
          





previous
next





view all
vinegar syndrome










demonoid
            at a dig in rural mexico, a british industrialist accidentally unleashes an ancient evil: a severed hand, possessed by a vengeful demon, that attacks, kills and takes over the hand an...read more
          







hard rock zombies
            a heavy metal band has been invited to appear in a conservative small town. what they don’t know is that their hosts are in fact a family of horrific and murderous mutants, whose patr...read more
          







punk vacation
            a peaceful california town is shaken after the brutal murder of diner owner by a gang of vicious punks. when the daughter of the slain man attempts to avenge her father's death, she's...read more
          







auntie lee's meat pies
            auntie lee and her quartet of voluptuous “nieces” are known for making the tastiest meat pies around, all from auntie’s top secret recipe which calls for a most unusual type of meat: ...read more
          







angel
            mixing slasher-style scenes w/ the sweetness of an afterschool special, angel is one of the seminal exploitation films of the 80s. molly stewart (donna wilkes; jaws 2) is at the top o...read more
          







avenging angel
            years have gone by since molly stewart (betsy russell, saw 3-7) worked as a teenage prostitute. now a law student at ucla, molly is determined to leave her past behind. but after lear...read more
          









nothing underneath
            bob crane has long maintained a psychic connection to his twin sister, jessica, who works as a fashion model in milan. when bob senses that his sister might be injured or killed, he t...read more
          







the invisible maniac
            the randy horror-farce from adam rifkin based on the h.g. wells classic, the invisible man. physicist kevin dornwinkle (noel peters) didn't like it when his colleagues laughed off his...read more
          







too beautiful to die
            a group of high fashion models have been invited to an isolated house to attend a party. as the night wears on, one of the models falls victim to a deadly 'accident,' which sets into ...read more
          







runaway nightmare
            after discovering a woman buried alive, two death valley worm farmers are kidnapped by an all-female cult of gun runners who, after making the men into their sex slaves, force them to...read more
          







tammy and the t-rex
            tammy is a popular high school cheerleader whose new boyfriend, michael, might be the love of her life. but tammy’s jealous ex, billy, won’t stand for anyone coming between him and ‘h...read more
          







ice cream man
            gregory (clint howard), the local ice cream man, just wants people to be nice to him and to sell the neighborhood children his ice cream treats. unfortunately, the adults disrespect h...read more
          









terminal island
            carmen simms has just been sentenced to death; that is, life imprisonment on terminal island - an island located miles off the mainland of california, which was created to house murde...read more
          







primal rage
            the science department at a florida university has been working on a wonder drug for brain injuries but has accidentally created something else: a rage virus capable of turning those ...read more
          







the undertaker
            for years roscoe (joe spinell) has been the town undertaker. however, inside his funeral home, he's been amassing a bloody collection of human souvenirs, which he uses in unspeakable ...read more
          







secta siniestra
            after being found in bed with another woman, frederick, a retired mercenary, is blinded by his deranged and spiteful wife, who is then confined to an asylum. deciding to start a new l...read more
          







cry wilderness
            in this rare family-friendly entry to the sasquatch sub-genre, a young boy befriends bigfoot, who instructs the boy to venture into the wilderness in order to save his father form imp...read more
          







hell riders
            a spectacularly trashy and weird 80s biker film from the exploitation dream team of james bryan (don't go in the woods, executioner part 2) and renee harmon (frozen scream, escape fro...read more
          





previous
next





view all
grindhouse releasing










pieces
            grindhouse releasing is proud to present the first official u.s. release of the sickest and most violent of all the early ’80s slasher movies. a psychopathic killer stalks a boston ca...read more
          







cannibal holocaust
            banned and heavily censored throughout the world, here is a film that surpasses its reputation as a shotgun blast to the senses. cannibal holocaust presents the ‘found footage’ of fou...read more
          







i drink your blood
            after consuming rabies-infected meat pies, an lsd-crazed hippie cult goes on a vicious murdering rampage! heavily censored since its original release, the infamous landmark of cinemat...read more
          







eaten alive! the rise and fall of the italian cannibal film
            from grindhouse releasing: a documentary on the short-lived craze of italian cannibal films in the ’70s and ’80s, (to which we are no strangers!) featuring interviews with umberto len...read more
          







the beyond
            from legendary italian horror master lucio fulci comes the ultimate classic of supernatural terror. a remote and cursed hotel, built over one of the seven gateways, becomes a yawning ...read more
          







american hippie in israel
            machine gun wielding mimes, robots, blood thirsty sharks, free-loving debauchery and poignant anti-war monologues by raving mad hippies, all this and more is present in writer-directo...read more
          









massacre mafia style
            after a new york city mafia boss’s son decides to move the family hustle to hollywood, the deaths pile up as he takes on new enemies in the streets. “mind-bending…with [duke mitchell’...read more
          







gone with the pope
            the final work of filmmaker and performer, the late duke mitchell, spins the wild tale of a paroled gangster with a grand, unholy money-making scheme. “of all the films i have been in...read more
          







cannibal ferox
            banned in 31 countries, “cannibal ferox” assaults your senses as a group of americans lost in the jungles of amazonia experience brutal retribution at the hands of savage cannibals.
...read more
          







cat in the brain
            acclaimed italian horror maestro lucio fulci, director of zombie and the beyond, stars in this blood-soaked epic as a director being driven insane by his own movies. fulci is thrust i...read more
          







death riders
            they rode the highway to hell! reaper leads his gang of bikers on a treasure hunt through the desert with hot pursuit by an undercover cop.
          







42nd street memories: the rise and fall of america’s most notorious street
            the rise and fall of america's most notorious street. the story behind the rise and fall of new york’s 42nd street. the cinemas, the films, the people, the crime and the rebirth of th...read more
          









images of apartheid: filmmaking on the fringe in the old south africa
            from the creator of documentaries 42nd street memories and eaten alive, images of apartheid uncovers the likes of joe bullet (1973), fishy stones (1979) and umbango (1986), blaxploita...read more
          





previous
next





view all
must-watch night flight original episodes










night flight - billy idol video profile (1985)
            night flight profiles rock’s 'rude boy' billy idol in this classic segment from 1985.  “i don’t want to see the no flabby, boring old billy idol trying to be what he was when he was 2...read more
          







night flight - cabaret voltaire video profile
            night flight presents a special 30 minute video documentary profiling cabaret voltaire, who original host pat prescott describes as “england’s most provocative experimental band.” thi...read more
          







night flight - millie jackson video profile
            during night flight’s second season, interviewer al banderio sat down with the “queen of sass” millie jackson for a ribald interview that is emblematic of night flight's unique approa...read more
          







night flight - lou reed video profile
            in 1965, as  leader of the ny band: the velvet underground, lou reed became rock's first leather-clad social outcast. at the age of 20, reed took violence, drugs, sadomasochism, and s...read more
          







night flight - laurie anderson video profile
            classic night flight profile of avant-garde experimentalist laurie anderson. featuring an incredibly candid interview with anderson about her background and work.
          







night flight - lemmy interview
            check out segments from our interview with the always classy lemmy. lemmy sat down with night flight host al bandiero in 1984 to talk about motörhead's upcoming us tour, how he mainta...read more
          









night flight - kate bush video profile
            welcome to night flight’s exclusive video profile of kate bush. “this multimedia performance artist has combined dance, music, literature and mime on her way to becoming britain’s mos...read more
          







night flight - "take off" to animation
            "take off to animation" takes a colorful look at the use of animation in music video over the previous few years in styles ranging from experimental camera technique to 'saturday morn...read more
          







night flight - 1984 anniversary special
            "in the past 3 years, night flight has kept pace with music video revolution in its own unique style." - pat prescott. night flight's 1984 anniversary special is a fine collection of ...read more
          







night flight - talking heads video profile
            how did i get here? night flight  takes on talking heads in this brilliant profile, originally aired september 20th, 1986 and now streaming on night flight plus. "in the 1970s, a grou...read more
          







night flight - "take off" to controversial videos
            "viewer discretion is advised" pat prescott tells us at the start of tonight's 1988 take off episode to controversial videos. "sex, drugs, religion, politics..." what more can you wan...read more
          







night flight - the cure video profile and new movies
            the segment is guided by a candid radio 1990 interview with robert smith about the inspiration for the "close to me" video, fame and more. in true night flight fashion, the british ba...read more
          









night flight - the video artist (herbert wentscher)
            tonight’s night flight original episode is from our “video artist” series, focusing on the animation and film art of herbert wentscher. the german video artist sources a variety of me...read more
          







night flight - sade video profile
            “it’s a quiet storm…” nigerian-born fashion designer turned singer sade is the subject of tonight’s video profile. pat prescott starts us off with an introduction to the “smooth and s...read more
          







night flight - "take off" to rock and cult
            night flight's take off to rock and cult films. this is  a special preview of some of the films night flight showed in 1985 including rude boy (starring the clash), breaking glass, sm...read more
          







night flight - "take off" to heavy metal history (black sabbath)
            “their music was devil’s music: high decibel, tortured, frenzied songs about death, destruction and black magic.” welcome to night flight’s 1984 take off to heavy metal history with a...read more
          







night flight - "take off" to women in rock
            night flight salutes the women of rock in this original episode from june, 1988.  "today," pat prescott tells us, "women's voices are more powerful than ever in new music, neo-folk an...read more
          







night flight - aretha franklin video profile
            welcome back to night flight. tonight we celebrate the incredible life and career of aretha franklin with our 1987 video profile of the legendary artist.  "she was the daughter of a p...read more
          





previous
next





view all
night flight short cuts










night flight - short cuts: "john carpenter"
            a look into the films and music of john carpenter, including an exclusive interview where he discusses his influences for films such as the thing and big trouble in little china, as w...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "gorgon"
            this edition of short cuts features gorgon video magazine and its interviews with the icons of horror. stuart gordon discusses helming re-animator, while makeup legend screaming mad g...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "underground comix"
            night flight's short cuts jets off the the world of underground comix, featuring alternative luminaries such as robert crumb, s. clay wilson, and victor moscoso discussing their craft.
          







night flight - short cuts: "politics '88"
            a politically charged mini-ep of night flight, featuring polemics from artists such as billy bragg and x as well as spoken word from william s. burroughs.
          







night flight: short cuts - "miles davis & chick corea"
            this night flight "short cut" features an exclusive interview with miles davis, who shares his unique musical outlook and more. “i go with my feelings… that’s in my system, my soul, i...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "black sabbath"
            night flight profiles black sabbath, featuring videos of hit songs like "paranoid" and "black sabbath" as well as interviews with the band discussing subjects like the influence of ho...read more
          









night flight - short cuts: "wes craven and troma"
            the gross-out impresarios at troma discuss combining horror and comedy for their distinctive style of filmmaking, while wes craven is interviewed on his enormous success with nightmar...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "metal women"
            in a musical landscape dominated by men, these women in metal are breaking new ground. including music by warlock as well as interviews with metal managing legend vicky hamilton and f...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "reggae"
            songs from luminaries such as jimmy cliff and peter tosh invite us into the world of reggae in this short night flight special, exploring the genre's political origins, various subgen...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "women in comedy"
            night flight highlights the funniest women in showbiz in this special on female comedians, featuring material and interview clips from tracy ullman and sandra bernhardt.
          







night flight - short cuts: "weird al"
            in this bite-sized night flight special on weird al yankovic, al parodies devo, michael jackson and madonna. also featuring an interview with the man himself, discussing his relations...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "horror shorts"
            a series of gruesome and gory horror shorts, including alex winter and tom stern's wacky "aisles of doom," and the hilarious zombie parody "dawn of the night of the dead: the musical."
          









night flight - short cuts: "sex"
            this sexy short cut compiles music videos and interviews featuring the most transgressive figures in the business, including prince, frankie goes to hollywood, and queen.
          







night flight - short cuts: "bauhaus"
            a special on legendary rock band bauhaus, dubbed the "originators of goth rock," featuring interviews with members, videos from later spin-off band love and rockets, as well as the so...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "food"
            this quick batch of music videos focuses on food, from weird al's love of rocky road ice cream to the fat boys. also featuring an exclusive interview with the fat boys by tv 20000 hos...read more
          







night flight - short cuts: "downtown"
            today night flight focuses on new york's downtown and the music that it spawned, including videos from blondie and sonic youth, as well as a special on the downtown club kids.
          







night flight - short cuts: "animation"
            night flight takes you to the dazzling animation of contemporary music videos, from herbie hancock's computer-assisted imagery to the kaleidoscopic videos of adrian belew and the tom tom club.
          







night flight - short cuts: "fishbone and jane's addiction"
            night flight brings an exclusive interview with ska punk band fishbone and a special report on jane's addiction, featuring live footage and backstage interviews. finally, a hand-drawn...read more
          





previous
next





view all
night flight classics










rude boy
            merging documentary and fiction, jack hazan and david mingay’s rude boy follows roughneck ray gange as he drops his soho sex-shop job to roadie for the clash—the most fiery, revolutio...read more
          







devo - the men who make the music
            the men who make the music combines concert footage from devo's 1978 tour with music videos and testimonials featuring a vague story about devo's rocky relationship with "big entertainment."

          







malice in wonderland
            the infamous reimagining of alice in wonderland by surrealist animator vince collins. restored by mark toscano at the academy® film archive. note: this video contains flashing images....read more
          







prince - sign o' the times
            punctuated with specially-filmed, dramatic vignettes, prince and his band bring his grammy nominated album `sign 'o' the times' to life in one of the greatest concert films ever made,...read more
          







smithereens
            smithereens is the story of wren (susan berman), an 19 year old layabout from new jersey who has come to manhattan to promote herself to stardom in new york's waning punk music world....read more
          







the decline of western civilization
            the first entry in the decline series sheds a light on los angeles’ punk scene of the late 1970s. featuring interviews and performances by some of the most seminal acts of the era lik...read more
          









style wars
            when director tony silver and co-producer henry chalfant delivered the broadcast version of their prize-winning film to pbs in 1983, the world received its first full immersion in the...read more
          







liquid sky
            the essential document of new york’s 1980s new wave scene and the archetypal "midnight movie" from director slava tsukerman returns home to night flight. in what is one of the most de...read more
          







d.o.a.: a right of passage
            d.o.a.: a right of passage is the ground-breaking classic "rockumentary" about the origin of punk rock. centered around the sex pistols 1978 tour of the united states which ended with...read more
          







a boy and his dog
            world war iv has ravaged earth, and its survivors must battle for food, shelter and companionship in a post-atomic wasteland. this classic sci-fi tale follows the exploits of a young ...read more
          







best of new wave theatre
            a special program containing the ultimate highlights from the critically acclaimed nationally broadcast music/comedy cable program that literally revolutionized rock & roll television...read more
          







blood for dracula
            following closely on the heels of 'flesh for frankenstein,' paul morrissey reimagined the timeless transylvanian legend with a campy twist, again under the "andy warhol presents" bann...read more
          









arise! the subgenius movie
            the church of the subgenius recruitment movie, "arise!," was written and edited to work as a documentary feature film, or as twenty separate stand-alone two-to-ten-minute excerpts. ni...read more
          







tunnel vision
            a vision of 1985 from 1976. a regular feature on night flight during the original series run is tunnel vision, the "unsightly" (ny times) social-commentary satire that night flight cr...read more
          







best of new wave theatre
            a special program containing the ultimate highlights from the critically acclaimed nationally broadcast music/comedy cable program that literally revolutionized rock & roll television...read more
          







jac mac & rad boy, go!
            one of the more popular animated short films that aired during night flight’s '80s heyday was wes archer’s cult fave jac mac & rad boy, go!, a wonderfully frenetic cartoon about two p...read more
          







night flight - interview with slava tsukerman
            night flight creator stuart s. shapiro talks to the writer, producer and director of liquid sky, slava tsukerman. originally aired at the roxy theatre in nyc for night flight's screen...read more
          







quasi at the quackadero
            this cult cartoon follows two ducks, quasi and anita, and a pet robot at an amusement park in the future where time travel is exploited. hugely popular in the 1970s, it was named to t...read more
          





previous
next





view all
punk docs & concert films










fugazi - instrument
            instrument is a collaboration between filmmaker jem cohen and the washington d.c. band fugazi, covering the 10 year period of 1987-1996. far from a traditional documentary, this is a ...read more
          







minor threat live
            minor threat played one of its last shows at washington dc's 930 club in june of 1983; they would only play once more in dc. two years later, the tapes from the 930 show were edited t...read more
          







d.o.a.: a right of passage
            d.o.a.: a right of passage is the ground-breaking classic "rockumentary" about the origin of punk rock. centered around the sex pistols 1978 tour of the united states which ended with...read more
          







the dicks from texas
            the dicks started out as an austin, texas poster band in 1979 and once formed, took off like a hardcore rocket. the dicks only released one 45 and two lp's and were the house band at ...read more
          







punk the capital: building a sound movement
            a monumental documentary about the rise of punk rock in the town that needed it most... washington d.c. when punk rock erupted in washington dc, it was a mighty convergence of powerfu...read more
          







nightclubbing: the birth of punk rock in nyc
            nightclubbing is the first ever documentary about the renowned new york city nightclub max's kansas city (1965-1981) which had an indelible impact on the world of music, fashion, art,...read more
          









desolation center
            desolation center is the previously untold story of a series of early 80s guerrilla music and art performance happenings in southern california that are recognized to have inspired bu...read more
          







the last will and testament of u.k. subs
            punk legends the u.k. subs deliver a blistering live set of their classic hits at the 100 club in london, england in the fall of 2023. charlie harper, alvin gibbs, steve staughan and ...read more
          







salad days: a decade of punk in washington, dc (1980-90)
            "salad days: a decade of punk in washington, dc (1980-90)" examines the early diy punk scene in the nation's capital. it was a decade when seminal bands like bad brains, minor threat,...read more
          







the damned - don't you wish that we were dead
            from "lemmy" filmmaker wes orshoski comes the story of the long-ignored pioneers of punk: the damned, the first u.k. punks on wax and the first to cross the atlantic. "the damned: don...read more
          







who killed nancy?
            october 12th, 1978 – new york police discover the lifeless body of 20 year-old nancy spungen. ex-prostitute, sometime stripper, heroin addict and infamous girlfriend of sex pistols’ 2...read more
          







the icarus line must die
            the icarus line must die is a dramatic narrative feature set against the backdrop of the current la music scene. the film tracks joe cardamone, front man of the icarus line, as he nav...read more
          









american hardcore: the history of punk rock 1980-1986
            fueled by a ferocious soundtrack, director paul rachman's american hardcore gives fans an all-access pass to the rise and fall of the u.s. punk scene, an explosive musical and cultura...read more
          







1984 home movie: the gun club on the road
            1984 home move: gun club on the road includes never-before-seen footage of the band backstage and onstage during their legendary 1984 tour. this classic line-up only stayed together f...read more
          







we were famous, you don't remember: the embarrassment
            ignited by punk’s invasion of the great plains, america’s gawkiest and greatest lost rock band battles conformity in reagan-era kansas. the embarrassment played chicago, d.c., and new...read more
          







anti-nowhere league - we are the league
            anti-nowhere league: we are the league tells the full uncensored story of how a biker, a skinhead, a grammar school boy and a persian exile came together, with no musical talent or am...read more
          







black flag - live 1984
            "tonight i shall meditate upon that which i am." the fury of black flag is captured in full in their performance at bierkellar in leeds, uk on may 19, 1984. henry rollins leads the ba...read more
          







the queers are here
            welcome to the wild world of the queers on their very first dvd! it features footage of all the live energy and behind-the-scenes craziness of the queers on tour around the world circ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
night flight original episodes










night flight: take offs i
            classic night flight episodes based around a singular theme.
          







night flight: take offs ii
            classic night flight episodes based around a singular theme.
          







night flight: video profiles i
            classic night flight episodes covering a single artist.
          









night flight: video profiles ii
            classic night flight episodes covering a single artist.
          







night flight: radio 1990 episodes
            radio 1990 hosted by lisa robinson and kathryn kinley.
          







night flight: visions & new sounds
            night flight episodes focusing on the newest in contemporary music (at the time.)
          









night flight: short film showcase
            night flight episodes showcasing short films.
          







night flight audio interviews








night flight: viewer's choice & anniversary shows
            night flight’s viewer’s choice episodes as well as anniversary and new year’s shows.
          









night flight: new wave theatre, flash tracks & video vaults
            classic night flight episodes featuring new wave theatre, flash tracks and video vaults. 
          







night flight: 1990s syndication episodes
            did you catch us in the '90s? here's our syndication episodes with host tom juarez.
          







night flight: comedy cuts & other funny episodes
            night flight episodes showcasing comedy.
          









night flight: heavy metal heroes & hit parader's heavy metal meltdowns
            night flight episodes focused on the best of '80s the metal world.
          





previous
next





view all
bob dylan: a closer look










bob dylan - 1966 world tour: the home movies
            with a set of drums and an 8mm color home movie camera, mickey jones toured the world in 1966 with bob dylan and the band. he filmed "the tour that changed rock and roll forever" and ...read more
          







bob dylan - changing tracks
            blood on the tracks is the fifteenth studio album by american singer-songwriter bob dylan, released on january 20, 1975, by columbia records. the album marked dylan's return to columb...read more
          







bob dylan and the band: down in the flood
            this is the story of bob dylan and the band, the legendary amateur recordings that they made together in woodstock, their re-invention of american music and their continued relationsh...read more
          







bob dylan - 1966-1978: after the crash
            after the crash mixes historic footage with review and criticism from experts, friends, fellow musicians who played with bob, and even the odd enemy. it covers the history of bobs mid...read more
          







bob dylan - 1978-1989: both ends of the rainbow
            this film reviews the years from late-1978 to the release of 1989's oh mercy - an album that was seen by many as a huge return to form. this period of dylan's life and career is one o...read more
          







bob dylan - the never ending narrative 1990-2006
            had anyone suggested during the 1980s that bob dylan would re-invent himself yet again during the decades that followed, to once more become the music-world's most respected artist, w...read more
          









bob dylan's new york: greenwich village folk scene & beyond
            in january 1961, dylan arrived at greenwich village, the very place for a folksinger-poet. the village has already gained a reputation for bohemian ways, and had given birth to a gene...read more
          







bob dylan - tales from a golden age: bob dylan 1941-1966
            the legends and myths surrounding the early life and career of bob dylan are so ingrained in the fabric of rock music's history that getting to the truth is no mean feat. tracing his ...read more
          







bob dylan - world tours: 1966-1974
            barry feinstein was the exclusive tour photographer on bob dylan and the band's legendary 1966 and 1974 world tours. in this documentary feature film, feinstein and director joel gilb...read more
          







bob dylan - revealed
            a true portrait of the reclusive "voice of the generation" has eluded dylan fans. through exclusive insider interviews, and never-before-seen photos and footage spanning dylan's 50-ye...read more
          







inside bob dylan's jesus years: born again
            once called "dylan's god awful gospel" by his most loyal fans, bob dylan's "jesus years" are today regarded as among the best of his career. finally, here is an insiders view into bob...read more
          







bob dylan - 1975-1981: rolling thunder & the gospel years
            director & producer joel gilbert (bob dylan 1966 world tour the home movies, 2003 and bob dylan world tours 1966-1974through the camera of barry feinstein, 2005) weaves the story of t...read more
          









bob dylan - roads rapidly changing
            in 1940, new york city became the centre of activity for an emerging folk scene. alongside leading lights such as lead belly and josh white were two white musicians and performers, pe...read more
          







bob dylan - never ending tour diaries: drummer winston watson's incredible journey
            winston watson chronicled his incredible 5-year journey with bob dylan in daily personal diaries and in home video footage with his video 8 camera. now watson shares it all in a never...read more
          





previous
next





view all
selected by saints joints










i drink your blood
            after consuming rabies-infected meat pies, an lsd-crazed hippie cult goes on a vicious murdering rampage! heavily censored since its original release, the infamous landmark of cinemat...read more
          







night of the living dead
            the essential horror classic arrives on night flight plus. the film aired frequently in the late nights and wee hours of the morning on “night flight” back in the 1980s.
          







robowar
            a year before their jaw-dropper shocking dark, director bruno mattei and co-writers claudio fragasso & rossella drudi first collaborated on this brain-melting mash-up of predator, rob...read more
          







heavy metal parking lot
            john heyn and jeff krulik filmed judas priest fans in a concert arena parking lot in suburban maryland. thirty years later, heavy metal parking lot is hailed as one the greatest rock ...read more
          







the decline of western civilization
            the first entry in the decline series sheds a light on los angeles’ punk scene of the late 1970s. featuring interviews and performances by some of the most seminal acts of the era lik...read more
          







suburbia
            suburbia is director penelope spheeris's study of the los angeles punk rock scene in the early 1980s. evan and his younger brother leave their broken home in an attempt to escape thei...read more
          









american hardcore: the history of punk rock 1980-1986
            fueled by a ferocious soundtrack, director paul rachman's american hardcore gives fans an all-access pass to the rise and fall of the u.s. punk scene, an explosive musical and cultura...read more
          







aka tommy chong
            at the height of the bush administration, tommy chong of cheech and chong was charged with selling bongs over the internet and sentenced to nine months in federal prison. as part of t...read more
          







high times presents jorge cervantes: grow film
            since 1983, acclaimed international cannabis cultivation writer jorge cervantes has sold over 500,000 copies of his book indoor marijuana horticulture, while contributing common sense...read more
          





previous
next





view all
take off to indie labels










sub pop
            "take off" to the music of vanguard indie record label sub pop.
          







rvng intl.
            “for heads, by heads” is the mantra of brooklyn-based indie record label rvng intl. 
          







sacred bones
            the american indie label founded in 2007 in brooklyn, new york by caleb braaten. throughout much of the label's history the focus was on dark, experimental sounds, signing braaten’s f...read more
          









mexican summer
            started in the fall of 2008, the brooklyn-based independent record label was founded by keith abrahamsson and andres santo domingo, with a focus on experimental pop and specialty formats.
          







drag city
            influential chicago-based independent label: drag city. watch episodes with bill callahan, ty segall, lætitia sadier (stereolab), and silver jews, with many more artists to come later this year.
          







dark entries
            resuscitating the '80s underground with revered reissue label, dark entries.
          









dais records
            specializing in experimental and electronic sounds, avant-garde, and underground pop.
          





previous
next





view all
back to school










rock 'n' roll high school
            vince lombardi high school has quite a reputation: it's the wildest, most rockin' high school around! that is, until a thug of a principal, miss togar, comes along and tries to make t...read more
          







cutting class
            high school can be murder. just ask paula (jill schoelen, the stepfather). her overprotective father disappears during a weekend hunting trip. she's being romantically pursued by bria...read more
          







high school u.s.a
            the 1983 made-for-tv high school comedy starring michael j. fox arrives on night flight plus! excelsior union high senior j.j. manners (fox) must navigate hight school cliques and riv...read more
          







tammy and the t-rex
            tammy is a popular high school cheerleader whose new boyfriend, michael, might be the love of her life. but tammy’s jealous ex, billy, won’t stand for anyone coming between him and ‘h...read more
          







the invisible maniac
            the randy horror-farce from adam rifkin based on the h.g. wells classic, the invisible man. physicist kevin dornwinkle (noel peters) didn't like it when his colleagues laughed off his...read more
          







zombie high
            virginia madsen (candyman, sideways) and richard cox (cruising) star in this humorous thriller about the bizarre happenings that occur in a prestigious boarding school. it seems to an...read more
          









class of 1984
            directed and co-written by mark l. lester (class of 1999, commando, firestarter), class of 1984 is one of the seminal cult movies of the early 1980s. andrew norris (perry king, lipsti...read more
          







pledge night
            it's hazing season at phi up and the boys are up to all sorts of nasty pranks on their hapless pledges, in between regular bouts of 'wetting their whistles' at the campus watering hol...read more
          







fatal exam
            a group of college students have been given a very unusual assignment: spend the night inside of a supposedly haunted house, as part of their studies into the supernatural and occult....read more
          







senior week
            1987. everett and his party-hungry buddies embark on an all-night road-trip to the florida beaches, for a week of fun, sun, and beautiful women. mayhem ensues when 2 jealous girl-frie...read more
          







night flight - "take off" to school revolt
            ever since “rock around the clock” was heard on the soundtrack of the film blackboard jungle, rock music has targeted the classroom as a constant enemy of all that is fun and good in ...read more
          







angel
            mixing slasher-style scenes w/ the sweetness of an afterschool special, angel is one of the seminal exploitation films of the 80s. molly stewart (donna wilkes; jaws 2) is at the top o...read more
          









junior high school
            a night flight exclusive. david wechter & michael nankin’s adorable 1978 short film junior high school drew praise from critics, led to making a disney cult classic, and it was also t...read more
          







rifftrax presents: junior prom
            this movie has it all and then some: romance, political intrigue, studying, rich uncles, big bands, familial strife, journalism, jazz, soda fountains, swing dance, real estate, and a ...read more
          







primal rage
            the science department at a florida university has been working on a wonder drug for brain injuries but has accidentally created something else: a rage virus capable of turning those ...read more
          







mirror, mirror
            in this 1990 horror film, a new widow (karen black) and her daughter (rainbow harvest) have just moved into a new home. they don't discover until much later that the previous owner wa...read more
          







dead kids
            the ozploitation classic– and one of the most unique shockers of the ‘80s –returns like never before: michael murphy (manhattan), dan shor (bill & ted’s excellent adventure) and fiona...read more
          







the peanut butter solution
            if you were a child in the '80s, you were likely traumatized for life by repeated viewings of this on cable or vhs. if you've never seen it, nothing can prepare you for the damage tha...read more
          





previous
next





view all
something weird










the acid eaters
            buxom skin-goddess pat barrington (mantis in lace) is just one of the acid eaters a bunch of 9-to-5 working stiffs who become drug-crazed bikers on the weekend! after miss barrington ...read more
          







the rebel set
            "are you beat?" asks coffee-shop impresario mr. t. "oh, sure, man," his sleazy friend sid replies."cool, way out, and long gone, dad!" actually, although they’re right in the middle o...read more
          







lsd: insight or insanity
            sal mineo narrates the psychedelic truth about acid in classroom scare-film, lsd: insight or insanity! documentary about the potentially dangerous and unpredictable drug lsd. various ...read more
          







reefer madness
            reefer madness is a 1936 american propaganda film revolving around the melodramatic events that ensue when high school students are lured by pushers to try marijuana—from a hit and ru...read more
          







narcotic
            of all the filmmakers who toiled in the world of exploitation, no one made films as consistently rude, offensive, and jaw-droppingly outrageous as roadshow pioneer dwain esper, the ma...read more
          







it's a revolution mother
            here’s an odd but nonetheless fascinating time capsule of late- sixties social unrest filtered through the mind of florida-based sexploitation producer-director harry kerwin. yup, the...read more
          









teenage mother
            before he became known for distributing such drive-­in epics as i drink your blood, i eat your skin, and i spit on your grave, jerry gross directed two fascinating little quickies - g...read more
          







aphrodisiac! the sexual secret of marijuana!
            learn the true facts about marijuana along with fiorello la guardia, billy curtis and mr. john holmes in this 1971 featurette.
          







varietease
            featuring america’s ultimate pin-up goddess, bettie page! the queen of the curves teams up with fellow bump-and-grind legends, lily st. cyr, tempest storm, chris lachris, and trudy wa...read more
          







alice in acidland
            in alice in acidland (1969), a wholesome college student succumbs to the temptations of marijuana and becomes a dope-crazed sexual omnivore until she hits rock bottom after taking the...read more
          







weed
            in response to president nixon's commission on marijuana and drug abuse, adult filmmaker alex de renzy weighs in with weed his take on "the great american grass problem" in which he i...read more
          







the beatniks
            beatniks? what beatniks? two-bit punks, a closet rock-&-roll star, and an out-of-his-mind psycho: yes. beatniks: no. though the beatniks was probably a last-minute title change to rep...read more
          









she should'a said no!
            “the film that’s scorchin’ the nation’s screens!”
      the she who shoulda said ‘no’! is honeypot lila leeds (lady in the lake, moonrise) who was busted for doing doobies with rugge...read more
          







bummer! 
            "a far-out trip thru a hard rock tunnel!" take three hot-to-trot groupies, mix well with the seventies l.a. rock scene, add plenty of sex, drugs and violence and watch as it all explodes.
          







the adult version of jeckyl & hide
            jekyll and hyde get a sex change! when slimy stud dr. chris leeder (jack buddliner) takes possession of dr. jekyll's ancient notebook, he quickly becomes obsessed with the murderous s...read more
          







monsters crash the pajama party
            join some terrified teens spending a night in a haunted house and get spooked by a mad doctor and his ghoulish gang when the monsters crash the pajama party, a 1965 spook show theatri...read more
          







malamondo
            "war babies. they want to be different. they don't want to belong to any mass society. they have their own-type clubs, their own 'in' groups." thus malamondo, an elegant look at early...read more
          







tormented 
            musician richard carlson is haunted by a ghostly girlfriend in director bert i. gordon's 72-minute feature length chiller-diller from 1960.
          





previous
next





view all
horror comedies










the invisible maniac
            the randy horror-farce from adam rifkin based on the h.g. wells classic, the invisible man. physicist kevin dornwinkle (noel peters) didn't like it when his colleagues laughed off his...read more
          







the velocipastor
            a man of the claw. after losing his parents, a priest travels to china to find meaning in life, but instead inherits a mysterious ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. at f...read more
          







hard rock zombies
            a heavy metal band has been invited to appear in a conservative small town. what they don’t know is that their hosts are in fact a family of horrific and murderous mutants, whose patr...read more
          







blood theatre
            in rick sloane's (hobgoblins) 1984 debut, blood theatre, an old movie house in which a massacre occurred decades earlier, finally re-opens only to be once again targeted by a bloodthi...read more
          







ice cream man
            gregory (clint howard), the local ice cream man, just wants people to be nice to him and to sell the neighborhood children his ice cream treats. unfortunately, the adults disrespect h...read more
          







brain damage
            meet elmer. he's your friendly neighborhood parasite with the ability to induce euphoric hallucinations in his hosts. but these lsd-like trips come with a hefty price tag: when young ...read more
          









basket case
            duane bradley is a pretty ordinary guy. his formerly conjoined twin belial, on the other hand, is a deformed, fleshy lump whom he carries around in a wicker basket. arriving in the bi...read more
          







the return of swamp thing
            everyone's favorite muck-encrusted plant-man falls in love with dr. arcane's sexy daughter and must rescue her from her father's nefarious and murderous plans. heather locklear stars ...read more
          







zombie high
            virginia madsen (candyman, sideways) and richard cox (cruising) star in this humorous thriller about the bizarre happenings that occur in a prestigious boarding school. it seems to an...read more
          







dr. giggles
            this doctor's got a deadside manner. no need for an appointment. forget about your co-pay. healthcare won't save you ... from dr. giggles. larry drake (darkman) plays the night-prowli...read more
          







the love witch
            elaine, a beautiful young witch, is determined to find a man to love her. in her gothic victorian apartment she makes spells and potions, and then picks up men and seduces them. howev...read more
          







zombie nightmare
            before rock ‘n’ roll nightmare, there was zombie nightmare! 

adam west joins tia carrere (wayne’s world) and the legendary rock warrior john mikl “thor” (rock ‘n’ roll nightmare,) ...read more
          









cemetery man
            the magnum opus of director michele soavi (the church, stage fright). rupert everett stars as cemetery watchman francesco dellamorte, tasked with dispatching the recently deceased whe...read more
          







rifftrax: ruby
            southern desperation, b-movie drive-in theaters, and the vengeance of the angry dead all come together in ruby, honestly one of the weirdest things we’ve found in a long career of fin...read more
          







slumber party massacre ii
            in this freaky follow-up to slumber party massacre (written and directed by deborah brock), courtney (crystal bernard) is tormented by dreams of the infamous driller killer returning ...read more
          







rifftrax: attack of the puppet people
            attack of the puppet people tells the story of such a madman, and the unfortunate woman who stumbles across his scheme while working as a secretary at his doll factory. that’s right, ...read more
          







microwave massacre
            they came for dinner...to find they were it!! microwave massacre stars legendary stand-up comedian and actor jackie vernon as donald, a disgruntled construction worker whose wife's pr...read more
          







rifftrax: the dark power
            hollywood legend lash larue returns to the silver screen in this thrilling tale of zombies, the occult, and stretching the definition of “hollywood legend” as far as our lawyers will ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
night flight's cult favorites










j-men forever
            a night flight classic returns! j-men is the story of "the secret world war," a war of cultures as rock & roll smashes shmaltzy music. this outrageous comedy was created by firesign t...read more
          







the baby
            a "twisted, psychedelic nightmare of suburban depravity." - arrow video. social worker ann gentry (anjanette comer) becomes obsessed with the case of baby, a 21-year-old man w/ the ap...read more
          







skate witches
            a gang of female skate boarders and their pet rats terrorize all the boy skate boarders in town. 1986.
starring: jenny parker, karen kibler, dana forrester.

          







santa sangre
            it has been hailed as "extraordinary" (the guardian), "visionary and haunting" (rolling stone) and "a grand work of art, full of symbols and imagery that reach beyond language to some...read more
          







funeral parade of roses
            director toshio matsumoto’s shattering, kaleidoscopic masterpiece is one of the most subversive and intoxicating films of the late 1960s: a headlong dive into a dazzling, unseen tokyo...read more
          







suburbia
            suburbia is director penelope spheeris's study of the los angeles punk rock scene in the early 1980s. evan and his younger brother leave their broken home in an attempt to escape thei...read more
          









class of 1984
            directed and co-written by mark l. lester (class of 1999, commando, firestarter), class of 1984 is one of the seminal cult movies of the early 1980s. andrew norris (perry king, lipsti...read more
          







caged heat
            thrown into the penal hell of connorville, petty criminal jacqueline (erica gavin, beyond the valley of the dolls) must fight against the ruthless inmates, a cruel warden (barbara ste...read more
          







putney swope
            a hallmark of 1960s radicalism and one of the first major underground films, robert downey sr.'s seminal putney swope remains a classic of social satire. after the ceo croaks during a...read more
          







bad girls
            in christopher bickel's bad girls, three delinquent, murderous strippers wreak bitch-havoc on a rampaging adventure, killing anyone dumb enough to stand in their way.

with the eyeb...read more
          







tetsuo: the iron man
            the masterpiece of japanese cyberpunk body horror. a strange man known only as the "metal fetishist", who seems to have an insane compulsion to stick scrap metal into his body, is hit...read more
          







radio on
            christopher petit's debut feature radio on is the rare road movie from england. since its 1979 release, it's become a cult classic. robert (david beames), the film's enigmatic protago...read more
          









a boy and his dog
            world war iv has ravaged earth, and its survivors must battle for food, shelter and companionship in a post-atomic wasteland. this classic sci-fi tale follows the exploits of a young ...read more
          







rock 'n' roll high school
            vince lombardi high school has quite a reputation: it's the wildest, most rockin' high school around! that is, until a thug of a principal, miss togar, comes along and tries to make t...read more
          







best of new wave theatre
            a special program containing the ultimate highlights from the critically acclaimed nationally broadcast music/comedy cable program that literally revolutionized rock & roll television...read more
          







andy warhol's bad
            brimming with the sleazy glamour of 1970s new york and wildly dark humor,bad is the story of hazel aiken (oscar-nominated actress carroll baker), a housewife who runs a beauty salon a...read more
          







dolemite
            the legendary classic…the pillar of the ‘blaxploitation’ genre….rudy ray moore is dolemite!

sent to prison on a frame-up by some crooked cops and his arch rival, the notorious will...read more
          







reefer madness
            reefer madness is a 1936 american propaganda film revolving around the melodramatic events that ensue when high school students are lured by pushers to try marijuana—from a hit and ru...read more
          





previous
next





view all
label showcase: arrow video










basket case
            duane bradley is a pretty ordinary guy. his formerly conjoined twin belial, on the other hand, is a deformed, fleshy lump whom he carries around in a wicker basket. arriving in the bi...read more
          







brain damage
            meet elmer. he's your friendly neighborhood parasite with the ability to induce euphoric hallucinations in his hosts. but these lsd-like trips come with a hefty price tag: when young ...read more
          







tetsuo: the iron man
            the masterpiece of japanese cyberpunk body horror. a strange man known only as the "metal fetishist", who seems to have an insane compulsion to stick scrap metal into his body, is hit...read more
          







evil ed
            a blood-soaked love letter to the splatter films of the '80s. mild-mannered film technician edward enjoys his job. that is, until he finds himself transferred from his regular post to...read more
          







two witches
            with its super-saturated color palette, tenebrous art design and electrifying soundtrack, two witches presents two truly terrifying conjoined tales of witchery, paranoia and terror th...read more
          







society
            it is a matter of good breeding. really. after producing stuart gordon's hit re-animator, brian yuzna (bride of re-animator, return of the living dead iii) turned his hand to directin...read more
          









battles without honor and humanity
            when battles without honor and humanity first hit japanese screens in january 1973, partially inspired by the success of the godfather, it blasted out a new ground zero for crime cine...read more
          







blood tide
            terror strikes in paradise as academy award-winning actors james earl jones, josé ferrer and lila kedrova star in this thrilling tale of sea monsters and sacrificial virgins, from the...read more
          







blood rage
            it's not cranberry sauce! what do you get if you combine thanksgiving, american tv star louise lasser (mary hartman, mary hartman), killer '80s synths and some truly gruesome special ...read more
          







day of anger
            when sergio leone turned lee van cleef into a major star with for a few dollars more and the good, the bad and the ugly, the actor sensibly stayed in italy to make several more spaghe...read more
          







the cat o' nine tails
            following the success of his debut feature, the bird with the crystal plumage, distributor titanus tasked writer/director dario argento with delivering a follow-up in short order. the...read more
          







microwave massacre
            they came for dinner...to find they were it!! microwave massacre stars legendary stand-up comedian and actor jackie vernon as donald, a disgruntled construction worker whose wife's pr...read more
          









what have you done to solange?
            from director massimo dallamano, cinematographer on both a fistful of dollars and for a few dollars more, comes giallo classic what have you done to solange?, the debut feature of act...read more
          







the righteous
            a former priest, frederic mason (henry czerny), anguished by the tragic death of his young daughter, finds himself wrestling with his religious convictions when a mysterious young man...read more
          







dark water
            after terrifying audiences worldwide with the blockbuster j-horror classic ring and its sequel, director hideo nakata returned to the genre for dark water, another highly atmospheric,...read more
          







pit stop
            raw guts for glory! flesh against steel! the most dangerous game ever devised, to pit man against man, flesh against steel - the figure-8 race! jack hill (coffy, foxy brown) follows u...read more
          







cemetery without crosses
            you believe in revenge but i don't... it never ends inspired by the international success of the dollars trilogy, and dedicated to director sergio leone, cemetery without crosses offe...read more
          







bride of re-animator
            date. mate. re-animate. the success of stuart gordon's hit horror-comedy re-animator meant that a sequel was all but inevitable. the resulting follow-up, bride of re-animator - this t...read more
          





previous
next





view all
label showcase: blue underground










vampyres
            "they share the pleasures of the flesh, and unleashed the horrors of the grave!" screamed the ads. marianne morris and playboy centerfold anulka star as bisexual seductresses who roam...read more
          







god told me to
            a rooftop sniper guns down 14 pedestrians on the streets of new york city. a mild-mannered dad takes a shotgun and blows away his wife and children. a cop goes on a sudden shooting sp...read more
          







shock
            when a family moves into a home with a shocking secret, their lives become a nightmare of homicidal hallucinations as their young son begins to communicate with the spirits of the dea...read more
          







dead and buried
            something very strange is happening in the quiet coastal village of potters bluff, where tourists and transients are warmly welcomed... then brutally murdered. but even more shocking ...read more
          







shock waves
            in the dark days of world war ii, the nazi high command ordered its scientists to create a top secret race of indestructible zombie storm troopers - un-living, unfeeling, unstoppable ...read more
          







stage fright
            while a group of young actors rehearse a new musical about a mass murderer, a notorious psychopath escapes from a nearby insane asylum. but when the show's director locks his cast in ...read more
          









the house by the cemetery
            "read the fine print... you may have just mortgaged your life!" the outrageous italian shocker from 'the godfather of gore,' lucio fulci (zombie)! a young family moves from their cram...read more
          







night flight - bill lustig interview
            in this exclusive interview, blue underground boss and director bill lustig talks to night flight creator stuart shapiro about his storied career in the world of cult films—from his f...read more
          







hell of the living dead
            an accident at a chemical plant unleashes a horrific virus, and an elite swat team is sent to new guinea to investigate. but when they arrive on the hellish island, they discover a pl...read more
          







the prowler
            avalon bay, 1945: on the night of her graduation dance, young rosemary and her date are brutally murdered by a prowler thought to be a jilted soldier home from the war. the killer was...read more
          







1990: the bronx warriors
            it's 1990 and the bronx has officially been declared a "no man's land." the authorities have given up all attempts to restore law and order. when a beautiful young woman runs away fro...read more
          







ghost galleon
            maria perschy (castle of fu manchu) and jack taylor (pieces) star in writer/director amando de ossorio's chilling tale about a boatload of stranded swimsuit models who discover a myst...read more
          









inferno
            a young woman stumbles upon a mysterious diary that reveals the secrets of "the three mothers" and unleashes a nightmare world of demonic evil. as the unstoppable horror spreads from ...read more
          







the lift
            there is something very wrong with the elevator in a stylish office high-rise. the passengers never end up on the floor of their choice. they end up dead! when felix, an inquisitive r...read more
          







vigilante
            new york city factory worker eddie marino (robert forster, oscar nominee for jackie brown) is a solid citizen and regular guy, until the day a sadistic street gang brutally assaults h...read more
          







amsterdamned
            down in the murky depths of amsterdam's famous canals lurks a murderous predator. surfacing at night, he kills at random and disappears without a trace. as the bodies begin to pile up...read more
          







torso
            a series of sex murders shock a college campus, and four beautiful young girlfriends head for the safety of an isolated country villa. but as they succumb to their own erotic desires,...read more
          







living dead at the manchester morgue
            two traveling companions, george (ray lovelock of autopsy) and edna (christine galbo of the killer must kill again), come across a small town infested with the "living dead" that are ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
added in 2024










the linguini incident
            night flight plus streaming premiere: rosanna arquette and david bowie star in this  romantic caper from director richard shepard! lucy (rosanna arquette, pulp fiction) is an underpai...read more
          







night flight - cursive video profile
            cursive’s core trio of tim kasher, matt maginn, and ted stevens formed in 1995 and has since developed into one of the most consistent and ambitious bands in post-hardcore. their late...read more
          







nemesis
            los angeles, 2027. troubled cyborg cop alex (olivier gruner, angel town) is ordered by police commissioner farnsworth (tim thomerson, near dark) to apprehend his former partner and lo...read more
          







nothing underneath
            bob crane has long maintained a psychic connection to his twin sister, jessica, who works as a fashion model in milan. when bob senses that his sister might be injured or killed, he t...read more
          







pater noster and the mission of light
            pater noster and the mission of light tells the story of max, a young record store clerk who stumbles upon a rare vinyl lp and is drawn into the world of a 1970s hippie commune. an in...read more
          







too beautiful to die
            a group of high fashion models have been invited to an isolated house to attend a party. as the night wears on, one of the models falls victim to a deadly 'accident,' which sets into ...read more
          









the tune
            legendary animator and cartoonist bill plympton’s first feature, the tune is a wildly surreal animated musical comedy about a struggling songwriter named del (voiced by daniel neiden)...read more
          







scott walker: 30 century man
            scott walker: 30th century man shows a rare glimpse into the creative world of the most enigmatic figure in rock history. tracing the undeniable impact scott walker has had on popular...read more
          







nemesis 2: nebula
            a genetically altered female is transported back in time in an effort to protect her from killer cyborgs.
          







we kill for love: the lost world of the erotic thriller
            we kill for love goes in search of the forgotten world of the direct-to-video erotic thriller, an american film genre that once dominated late night cable television and the shelves o...read more
          







battles without honor and humanity
            when battles without honor and humanity first hit japanese screens in january 1973, partially inspired by the success of the godfather, it blasted out a new ground zero for crime cine...read more
          







nemesis 3: time lapse
            in the desolate future, a mutant warrior becomes mankind's final hope in the war against power-hungry cyborgs.
          









vhyes
            a bizarre retro comedy shot entirely on vhs, vhyes takes us back to a simpler time, when twelve year-old ralph mistakenly records home videos and his favorite late night shows over hi...read more
          







cemetery man
            the magnum opus of director michele soavi (the church, stage fright). rupert everett stars as cemetery watchman francesco dellamorte, tasked with dispatching the recently deceased whe...read more
          







trekkies
            get ready to beam up to a galaxy where autograph hounds abound, dentists drill in federation garb and the debate over "trekkies" vs. "trekkers" rages on. denise crosby of star trek: t...read more
          







the juniper tree
            set in medieval iceland, the juniper tree follows margit (björk in a riveting performance) and her older sister katla (bryndis petra bragadottir) as they flee for safety after their m...read more
          







big bad mama
            when wilma (angie dickinson) finds there is no money to be made in bootlegging, a chance meeting with bank robber fred diller (tom skerritt) leads to a new career. along with her daug...read more
          







poison for the fairies
            fabiola, a lonely young schoolgirl, befriends graciela, an orphan who is obsessed with witchcraft. graciela convinces fabiola that she is a witch and to enhance her evil powers, they ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
retro horror classics










witchboard
            never play it alone! it’s called a ouija board and it’s been used for thousands of years to communicate with the souls of the afterworld. for beautiful linda brewster (tawny kitaen, b...read more
          







body count
            a group of teens are stalked and killed by a shaman at a cursed camping site. (1986)

          







night killer
            somewhere between zombie 4 and troll 2, writer/director claudio fragasso - here under the name 'clyde anderson' - set out to direct a suspense thriller about a suicidal beauty, an uns...read more
          







driller killer
            in career that has encompassed such controversial classics as ms. 45, bad lieutenant and welcome to new york, none of abel ferrara's films have quite managed to match the shock, extre...read more
          







haunting fear
            produced in 1990 during the resurgence of motion pictures inspired by the nightmarish works of edgar allan poe, haunting fear digs deep into the paranoid delusions of the author's cla...read more
          







mikey
            mikey kelvin (brian bonsall, blank check, "family ties") has been a bad boy, only nobody knows exactly how bad. tragic and deadly "accidents" seem to happen all around mikey. so, from...read more
          









the stepfather
            jerry blake (terry o'quinn, abc's lost) is a man obsessed with having the perfect american dream life - including the house with the white picket fence in the suburbs, complete with a...read more
          







spookies
            of all of the bizarre horror films made in the 1980s, spookies easily ranks among the weirdest. produced by michael lee, founder of the adored uk home video distributor vipco, the fil...read more
          







primal rage
            the science department at a florida university has been working on a wonder drug for brain injuries but has accidentally created something else: a rage virus capable of turning those ...read more
          







pledge night
            it's hazing season at phi up and the boys are up to all sorts of nasty pranks on their hapless pledges, in between regular bouts of 'wetting their whistles' at the campus watering hol...read more
          







hard rock zombies
            a heavy metal band has been invited to appear in a conservative small town. what they don’t know is that their hosts are in fact a family of horrific and murderous mutants, whose patr...read more
          







demon wind
            the strange and brutal deaths of cory's grandparents has haunted him for years. determined to discover the truth, he has returned to the desolate region where they lived, along with a...read more
          









slumber party massacre ii
            in this freaky follow-up to slumber party massacre (written and directed by deborah brock), courtney (crystal bernard) is tormented by dreams of the infamous driller killer returning ...read more
          







black christmas
            the college town of bedford is receiving an unwelcome guest this christmas. as the residents of sorority house pi kappa sigma prepare for the festive season, a stranger begins to stal...read more
          







the evil
            by the time you run, there is no escape. when you think you're free, you might be dead. by the time you learn the truth ... it may be too late. a psychologist (richard crenna) and his...read more
          







cannibal apocalypse
            released from captivity in vietnam, two american army officers return to civilian life and discover they have acquired an insatiable taste for human flesh. a city is terrorized as the...read more
          







night of the demons
            it's halloween night and angela is throwing a party ... but this is no ordinary halloween party. everybody's headed to hull house, a deserted funeral home, formerly the lair of a mass...read more
          







the brain
            imagine a pulsating mass of gray matter, expanding in size and strength as it takes control of human minds and devours human bodies. it could never happen, right? just watch independe...read more
          





previous
next





view all
frankenfaves










flesh for frankenstein
            deranged scientist, baron von frankenstein, with the help of his bizarre assistant, otto, is determined to create a new master race, of which he will be the leader. to achieve his obj...read more
          







dracula, prisoner of frankenstein
            inspired by universal’s 1940s monster mash-ups, writer/director jess franco instead delivered “a weird and wonderful masterpiece that transports you to a world like no other” (scream ...read more
          







lady frankenstein
            co-produced by roger corman, "one of the most underrated horror movies of all time" (classic horror) features lurid direction by mel welles (little shop of horrors) from a story by by...read more
          







blackenstein
            dr. winifred walker (ivory stone) and nobel prize-winner dr. stein (b-movie icon john hart-the fastest guitar alive, tv’s “the lone ranger”) believe they can restore dismembered vietn...read more
          







santo & blue demon vs. dr. frankenstein
            when it’s discovered that their friend alicia is to be the next target of dr. frankenstein, who is kidnapping innocent women for brain transplant experiments in an attempt to bring ba...read more
          







frankenstein 80
            in a laboratory a mad modern-day monster-maker who pretends to be a legitimate scientist by day creates a monster that he calls mosaico. one night mosaico, a bald and ugly looking man...read more
          









franky and his pals
            from the deepest, darkest depths of the shot-on-video vaults… hidden from view for 30 years… all your favorite movie monsters are back… and they’re ready to party like it’s 1990! fran...read more
          







santo vs. frankenstein's daughter
            dr. freda frankenstein (gina romand) and her assistant, dr. yanco (roberto canedo), try to find the formula for an elixir that enables them to achieve eternal youth. the only problem ...read more
          







director's commentary: terror of frankenstein
            'director’s commentary: terror of frankenstein' is an exercise in extreme meta-fictional tragicomedy. presented as the commentary track of a rushed reissue of a forgotten (but 100% ge...read more
          







the hilarious house of frightenstein - episode 1
            something is amiss in the sleepy village of frankenstone, for high above there are strange goings on in the castle frightenstein. the count, along with his assistant, igor, are busy a...read more
          





previous
next





view all
vintage vamps










blood for dracula
            following closely on the heels of 'flesh for frankenstein,' paul morrissey reimagined the timeless transylvanian legend with a campy twist, again under the "andy warhol presents" bann...read more
          







thirst
            the ‘ozploitation’ classic –and one of the most unique vampire movies of our time –is back like you’ve never seen it before: david hemmings and henry silva star as executives of an in...read more
          







children of dracula (1994)
            “are you a vampire? vampire’s victim? have fantasies about vampires?” that's the ad circulated in major los angeles and dallas newspapers back in 1994. the film producers behind the a...read more
          







the vampire happening
            if russ meyer had directed an east german version of 'the fearless vampire killers', surely this is it - and so much so that ferdie mayne reprises his role here from roman polanski’s ...read more
          







count dracula
            in 1970, cult director jess franco and screen legend christopher lee collaborated on what they promised would be the most faithful adaptation of bram stoker’s novel ever filmed. from ...read more
          







nosferatu in venice
            what was intended to be an unofficial sequel to werner herzog's nosferatu instead became one of the most notoriously fascinating productions in eurocult history: klaus kinski - "now f...read more
          









tender dracula
            the first and only film in which peter cushing portrayed a vampire is also the most unapologetically bizarre movie of his entire career. when horror’s biggest star (cushing) announces...read more
          







billy the kid vs. dracula
            the world deadliest gunfighter! the worlds most diabolical killer! dracula travels to the american west, intent on making a beautiful ranch owner his next victim.  her fiance, the out...read more
          







the trail of dracula
            diabolical. seductive. immortal. vampires have been an icon of evil in folklore and popular culture for more than three centuries, yet only one name still personifies the ultimate ari...read more
          







dracula and son
            for his tenth and final screen appearance as dracula, christopher lee starred - speaking fluent french - in this slyly ingenious 1976 horror comedy directed by academy award® nominee ...read more
          







saturday the 14th
            it's the second unluckiest day of the year. pennsylvania is beginning to look a lot like transylvania in the horror spoof saturday the 14th! john (richard benjamin, love at first bite...read more
          







hashtag vampires
            one hundred years of vampire movies in stuart samuel's #vampires! the history of vampires as told thru the words and images of over 100 vampire trailers from the beginning of film and...read more
          









mother riley meets the vampire
            the mysterious figure known as the vampire comes to england to complete experiments in his mad bid to gain control of the world. when the radar-controlled robot which he had ordered s...read more
          







andy warhol's young dracula
            the r-rated cut of paul morrissey's camp classic. dracula is searching for virgin's blood and... he's dying of thirst! in an attempt  to cash in the success of mel brooks' film young ...read more
          







nosferatu: a tale of gothic horror (with score by christian death & other gothic-industrial bands)
            this 63 minute dvd features the classic gothic horror film; nosferatu to music by some of the top gothic industrial bands ever, such as christian death, electric hellfire club and more.
          







cuadecuc vampir
            vampir-cuadecuc is a 1970 experimental feature film by spanish filmmaker pere portabella. it is possibly a key film in understanding the transition in the spanish film world from the ...read more
          







dracula, prisoner of frankenstein
            inspired by universal’s 1940s monster mash-ups, writer/director jess franco instead delivered “a weird and wonderful masterpiece that transports you to a world like no other” (scream ...read more
          







the vampire
            while at a lab one day, dr.  paul beecher grabs the wrong pills and takes them home not knowing that they are made from the blood of vampire bats.  after mistakenly taking one of the ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
undead: zombie essentials










burial ground
            for his only foray into the zombie genre, psychosexual sleaze maestro andrea bianchi unleashed the barrage of flesh-ripping, gut-chomping and depraved oedipal mayhem that set insane n...read more
          







shock waves
            in the dark days of world war ii, the nazi high command ordered its scientists to create a top secret race of indestructible zombie storm troopers - un-living, unfeeling, unstoppable ...read more
          







hell of the living dead
            an accident at a chemical plant unleashes a horrific virus, and an elite swat team is sent to new guinea to investigate. but when they arrive on the hellish island, they discover a pl...read more
          







zombie: i eat your skin
            a cancer researcher on a remote caribbean island discovers that by treating the natives with snake venom he can turn them into bug-eyed zombies. uninterested in this information, the ...read more
          







night of the living dead
            the essential horror classic arrives on night flight plus. the film aired frequently in the late nights and wee hours of the morning on “night flight” back in the 1980s.
          







day of the dead
            in this the third film in the continuing saga of the undead from writer/director george a. romero (night of the living dead, dawn of the dead, land of the dead, diary of the dead, sur...read more
          









bride of re-animator
            date. mate. re-animate. the success of stuart gordon's hit horror-comedy re-animator meant that a sequel was all but inevitable. the resulting follow-up, bride of re-animator - this t...read more
          







children shouldn't play with dead things
            led by a mean-spirited director, alan (alan ormsby), a theater troupe travels by boat to a small island graveyard for buried criminals. using a grimoire, alan begins a séance to raise...read more
          







zombie high
            virginia madsen (candyman, sideways) and richard cox (cruising) star in this humorous thriller about the bizarre happenings that occur in a prestigious boarding school. it seems to an...read more
          







zombie 3
            shortly before completing the sequel to his classic zombie, the legendary lucio fulci became ill and left the philippines-based production. but when director bruno mattei (shocking da...read more
          







viy
            in 19th century russia, a seminary student is forced to spend three nights with the corpse of a beautiful young witch. but when she rises from the dead to seduce him, it will summon a...read more
          







living dead at the manchester morgue
            two traveling companions, george (ray lovelock of autopsy) and edna (christine galbo of the killer must kill again), come across a small town infested with the "living dead" that are ...read more
          









city of the dead (remastered)
            college student nan is researching the history of witchcraft. taunted by her brother and fiancé, who have voiced their concerns, nan arms herself with resolve and drives to the small ...read more
          







zombie nightmare
            before rock ‘n’ roll nightmare, there was zombie nightmare! 

adam west joins tia carrere (wayne’s world) and the legendary rock warrior john mikl “thor” (rock ‘n’ roll nightmare,) ...read more
          







the incredibly strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed-up zombies!!?
            in his 1964 'monster musical,' a carnival gypsy turns sleaze auteur ray dennis steckler into a homicidal maniac. jaw-dropping singing/dancing ensues.

in what the new york times hai...read more
          







bloody muscle body builder in hell
            alternately known as "the japanese evil dead," this legendary, sought after independent 1995 japanese cult film will enjoy its first ever north american release! trapped inside a haun...read more
          







zombie 4
            in between the celebrated insanities of zombie 3 and troll 2, director claudio fragasso (here under the name ‘clyde anderson’) and writer/collaborator rossella drudi put the penultima...read more
          







dead kids
            the ozploitation classic– and one of the most unique shockers of the ‘80s –returns like never before: michael murphy (manhattan), dan shor (bill & ted’s excellent adventure) and fiona...read more
          





previous
next





view all
stay out of the water










piranha
            lost river lake was a was a thriving resort - until they discovered... piranha! featuring a stellar group of talent in front of as well as behind the camera. with cult luminary joe da...read more
          







shock waves
            in the dark days of world war ii, the nazi high command ordered its scientists to create a top secret race of indestructible zombie storm troopers - un-living, unfeeling, unstoppable ...read more
          







blood tide
            terror strikes in paradise as academy award-winning actors james earl jones, josé ferrer and lila kedrova star in this thrilling tale of sea monsters and sacrificial virgins, from the...read more
          







deep blood
            this long-unseen chum bucket from producer/director/eurosleaze master joe d'amato was shot on location in florida surf and rome swimming pools. d'amato combines '80s teen movie cliche...read more
          







humanoids from the deep
            something evil is happening in the sleepy fishing village of noyo. fishlike humanoid creatures, spawned by mutant dna, begin rising from the ocean looking to mate with the local women...read more
          







alligator
            from director lewis teague (cujo) and screenwriter john sayles (the howling) comes an unstoppable thriller with bite. a family returning from florida decides their pet baby alligator ...read more
          









cruel jaws
            he defied all laws of good taste and international copyright with shocking dark and robowar. he reset the bar for batsh*t crazy italohorror with rats: night of terror and hell of the ...read more
          







octopus
            an elite nuclear submarine, on a deadly mission to deliver an international terrorist to american authorities, travels through a mysterious ocean portal known as "the devil's eye." 27...read more
          







alligator 2: the mutation
            deep in the sewers beneath the city of regent park, a baby alligator feeds on the experimental animals discarded by future chemicals corporation. nourished by the toxic growth hormone...read more
          







the mermaids of tiburon
            psychotronic classic. beautifully photographed fantasy about mermaids who assist (and distract) a young scientist in his quest for sunken treasure, complete w/ the infamous timothy ca...read more
          







killer crocodile
            more than a decade after the spielberg blockbuster, a dream team of shock maestros - including producer-turned-director fabrizio de angelis, screenwriter dardano sacchetti , gore guru...read more
          







killer crocodile 2
            in the 1990 low-budget sequel, the caribbean swamps, which is to be made into a holiday resort, is terrorized again by a second monstrous crocodile which is killing off anyone unfortu...read more
          









monster from the ocean floor
            b-movie maverick roger corman started his own production career with this entertaining sci-fi shocker! while vacationing in a coastal mexican village, artist julie blair learns of a l...read more
          







creature from the haunted sea
            here's another roger corman classic from the golden age of drive-in schlock! in this spoof of horror and spy thrillers, american gangster renzo capetto (anthony carbone) decides to ki...read more
          







shark
            a swarthy, good looking american named caine (burt reynlds ) arrives in a small dusty hole-in-the-ground town in the sudan after having escaped government soldiers who nearly seized h...read more
          





previous
next





view all
cult collections










arrow video
            featuring grindhouse cult classics in numerous “midnight movie” cult genres — including exploitation, horror, spaghetti westerns, nsfw drive-in sleaze and more.
          







something weird
            something weird video was founded by the late great mike vraney (1957-2014), a life-long movie fan and pop cultural pioneer. in the early 1990s, vraney had the idea to find and releas...read more
          







grindhouse releasing
            grindhouse releasing is a hollywood-based distribution company dedicated to the restoration and preservation of classic exploitation films.
          









deaf crocodile
            los angeles-based restoration label deaf crocodile was founded by film restoration expert craig rogers and distributor / exhibitor dennis bartok. "i was a teenager in the early 1980s ...read more
          







radiance films
            radiance films is founded on a passion for cinema. it specializes in films curated from a variety of genres and modes of filmmaking, from arthouse provocateurs to genre classics.
          







cult epics
            originally founded in amsterdam in 1991, cult epics is now based in los angeles, where it continues to release rare cult films, both the sought-after and the unknown, the mainstream a...read more
          









love that bob: church of the subgenius
            slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack
          







vinegar syndrome
            legendary reissue and restoration film label vinegar syndrome arrives on night flight plus. the company, founded in 2012 by joe rubin and ryan emerson, specializes in protecting and p...read more
          







severin
            devoted to rescuing and releasing some of the most provocative films from around the world.
          









rifftrax
            written and performed by the stars of the emmy nominated and peabody award winning mystery science theater 3000 aka mst3k, rifftrax features the unique humor of michael j. nelson, kev...read more
          







full moon horror
            charles band — the legendary and prolific producer/director of over 300 horror, sci-fi and fantasy features and founder of full moon features — has certainly made a name for himself f...read more
          







blue underground
            an eclectic selection of some of the best cult, horror & exploitation films to night flight plus, including bill lustig’s maniac (1980), lucio fulci’s zombie (1979) and, dario argento...read more
          





previous
next





view all
psychological horror & thrillers










magic
            this 1978 psychological thriller features a mesmerizing performance by a young anthony hopkins. directed by sir richard attenborough and based on william goldman's (the princess bride...read more
          







the stepfather
            jerry blake (terry o'quinn, abc's lost) is a man obsessed with having the perfect american dream life - including the house with the white picket fence in the suburbs, complete with a...read more
          







knocking
            after suffering a traumatic incident, molly (cecilia milocco) moves into a new apartment to begin her path to recovery, but it’s not long after her arrival that a series of persistent...read more
          







final countdown
            the time is now. the place is aboard the u.s.s. nimitz, america's mightiest nuclear-powered aircraft carrier on maneuvers in the pacific ocean. suddenly, a freak electrical storm engu...read more
          







deathdream
            in this shattering variation on "the monkey's paw," grief-stricken suburban parents (academy award nominees john marley of the godfather and lynn carlin of faces) refuse to accept the...read more
          







bad timing: a sensual obsession
            an american psychiatrist (art garfunkel) working in vienna is drawn to a beautiful but self-destructive married woman (theresa russell), but their torrid affair threatens to destroy t...read more
          









identikit
            in what remains the most obscure, bizarre and wildly misunderstood film of her entire career – and perhaps even ‘70s italian cinema – elizabeth taylor stars as a disturbed woman who a...read more
          







willard
            willard stiles (bruce davison) is a young man with a big problem. he lives alone in a crumbling house with his ailing mother (elsa lanchester, arnold, bride of frankenstein). his boss...read more
          







brain dead
            the eunice corporation is on the ground floor of an exciting growth industry, utilizing a memory re-sculpting technique pioneered by eccentric neurosurgeon rex martin (bill pullman). ...read more
          







in the cold of the night
            dreams. they come from a place still unknown to science. it remains a mystery how their extraordinary power can excite you with visions of pleasure or overwhelm you with feelings of t...read more
          







mikey
            mikey kelvin (brian bonsall, blank check, "family ties") has been a bad boy, only nobody knows exactly how bad. tragic and deadly "accidents" seem to happen all around mikey. so, from...read more
          







threads
            in september 1984, it was aired on the bbc and shocked tens of millions of uk viewers. four months later, it was broadcast in america on tbs and became the most watched basic cable pr...read more
          









angst
            “the rarest masterpiece of cinema” – gaspar noé (director of enter the void & irreversible).

angst, photographed by legendary oscar-winning polish animator/experimentalist zbig ry...read more
          







patrick
            the original ozploitation classic is back like you’ve never seen it before: robert thompson stars as a comatose killer seemingly unresponsive in a small private hospital. but when a h...read more
          







the young poisoner's handbook
            based on the true story, the young poisoners handbook is a black-comedy satire about the exploits of a brilliant and disturbed teenage chemistry prodigy. growing up in a dreary london...read more
          







drowning by numbers
            peter greenaway – “one of the most distinctive, provocative talents of his generation” (the guardian) – shocked/delighted international audiences with this slyly deranged black comedy...read more
          







la madre muerta (the dead mother)
            ismael (karra elejalde, timecrimes) breaks into the house of a fine art restorer and shoots the homeowner dead, leaving her daughter orphaned and traumatized for life. years later ism...read more
          







nightwish
            your innermost fears lead you inexorably to a dream of death... your own death!

using sensory deprivation techniques, a doctor of parapsychology provokes his students to examine th...read more
          





previous
next





view all
video nasties










butcher, baker, nightmare maker
            it remains the most joltingly violent, psychosexual grindhouse shocker of the '80s, directed by a veteran of i love lucy and starring a frequently shirtless former teen idol with an e...read more
          







house on the edge of the park
            for his follow-up to cannibal holocaust, director ruggero deodato delivered a shocker packed with even more cruelty and controversy. 40+ years later, it remains one of the most distur...read more
          







cannibal apocalypse
            released from captivity in vietnam, two american army officers return to civilian life and discover they have acquired an insatiable taste for human flesh. a city is terrorized as the...read more
          







nightmare
            now “the most repulsive, degrading and horrifying movie ever made” (ny daily news) can be experienced like never before: when a homicidal mental patient (an enduringly disturbing perf...read more
          







anthropophagous
            it was seized by uk authorities as a ‘video nasty’ and accused of being an actual snuff film. yet even by ‘80s italian gore-spewing standards, this grueling shocker from sex & sleaze ...read more
          







driller killer
            in career that has encompassed such controversial classics as ms. 45, bad lieutenant and welcome to new york, none of abel ferrara's films have quite managed to match the shock, extre...read more
          









cannibal holocaust
            banned and heavily censored throughout the world, here is a film that surpasses its reputation as a shotgun blast to the senses. cannibal holocaust presents the ‘found footage’ of fou...read more
          







night of the demon
            amid the gush of early ‘80s low-budget backwoods horror, only one lost classic brought together softcore sex, hardcore violence, satanic sex cults and a limb-tearing, gut-slinging, be...read more
          







flesh for frankenstein
            deranged scientist, baron von frankenstein, with the help of his bizarre assistant, otto, is determined to create a new master race, of which he will be the leader. to achieve his obj...read more
          







tenebrae
            american mystery author peter neal (anthony franciosa) comes to italy to promote his newest novel, tenebrae. unfortunately, a razor-wielding serial killer is on the loose, taunting ne...read more
          







cannibal ferox
            banned in 31 countries, “cannibal ferox” assaults your senses as a group of americans lost in the jungles of amazonia experience brutal retribution at the hands of savage cannibals.
...read more
          







the beyond
            from legendary italian horror master lucio fulci comes the ultimate classic of supernatural terror. a remote and cursed hotel, built over one of the seven gateways, becomes a yawning ...read more
          









the toolbox murders
            in a quiet apartment complex in los angeles, a deranged handyman goes on a killing spree, savagely murdering "immoral" women with the tools of his trade - claw hammers, power drills a...read more
          







mountain of the cannibal god
            when her anthropologist husband disappears in new guinea, susan stevenson (ursula andress of dr. no) convinces her colleague dr. edward foster (stacy keach of prison break) to lead he...read more
          







bloody moon
            as the ‘body-count’ genre stabbed its way into audiences’ hearts in the early ‘80s, eurotrash auteur jess franco (sadomania, mansion of the living dead) was asked to create his own sa...read more
          







absurd
            joe d’amato's infamous follow-up to anthropophagous like never before! d'amato unleashes gut-spewing greek boogeyman (screenwriter george eastman) into suburban america for a "gruesom...read more
          







devil hunter
            king of eurosleaze jess franco (bloody moon, macumbasexual) takes on the ‘80s cannibal genre and delivers a jungle sickie like no other! when a safari of sexy babes and violent bonehe...read more
          







inferno
            a young woman stumbles upon a mysterious diary that reveals the secrets of "the three mothers" and unleashes a nightmare world of demonic evil. as the unstoppable horror spreads from ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
infested!










rats: night of terror
            in the year 225 a.b. (after the bomb), a group of post-apocalyptic bikers discover an abandoned research laboratory filled with food, water... and thousands of rats. but these are no ...read more
          







the bees
            evil corporations have smuggled a deadly strain of south american killer bees into the united states and now the entire world may be on the brink of imminent destruction! as cities tu...read more
          







killing birds
            a group of college-aged ornithologists have taken a class trip deep into the wilderness on a quest to find and study a rare and possibly extinct species of bird. despite receiving omi...read more
          







the nest
            the quiet town of north port is being overrun by cockroaches! sheriff tarbell (franc luz) believes that genetic experiments being conducted by the intec corporation are the cause. con...read more
          







phenomena
            from italian master of the macabre dario argento (suspiria, tenebrae), comes phenomena (1985, known as 'creepers' in the us). the young jennifer corvino, played by oscar-winning actre...read more
          







venom
            it was supposed to be the perfect crime: the sexy maid (susan george of straw dogs), a psychotic chauffeur (oliver reed of revolver) and an international terrorist (the legendary klau...read more
          









piranha
            lost river lake was a was a thriving resort - until they discovered... piranha! featuring a stellar group of talent in front of as well as behind the camera. with cult luminary joe da...read more
          





previous
next





view all
directed by lucio fulci










the devil's honey
            in perhaps his most rarely seen film, godfather of gore lucio fulci takes on the erotic thriller genre and unleashes the ultimate onslaught of glossy depravity: brett halsey (demonia,...read more
          







the beyond
            from legendary italian horror master lucio fulci comes the ultimate classic of supernatural terror. a remote and cursed hotel, built over one of the seven gateways, becomes a yawning ...read more
          







the house by the cemetery
            "read the fine print... you may have just mortgaged your life!" the outrageous italian shocker from 'the godfather of gore,' lucio fulci (zombie)! a young family moves from their cram...read more
          







four of the apocalypse
            uncut. uncensored. unseen for over 25 years! the legendary blood-soaked western from the director of zombie and the beyond

having survived a vigilante slaughter, four hard-luck str...read more
          







demonia
            in what fans consider his last great film, godfather of gore lucio fulci returns to the startling imagery and bloody excesses of his '70s/'80s classics for an unholy saga of demonic n...read more
          







warriors of the year 2072
            lucio fulci entered the ‘80s italian sci-fi arena armed with full-throttle visuals, hard chrome nihilism and mad blasts of il maestro’s signature grisly mayhem: in a future dominated ...read more
          









manhattan baby
            a young girl on vacation in egypt is given a mysterious charm, causing her archeologist father to be struck blind inside an unexplored pyramid tomb. but when the family returns home t...read more
          







aenigma
            for his final horror hit of the '80s, writer/director lucio fulci combined elements of carrie, phenomena and suspiria with the grisly surrealism of his own past classics for one last ...read more
          







the black cat
            from italy's own godfather of gore lucio fulci (zombie, the gates of hell) comes the black cat - a gruesome reimagining of the classic edgar allan poe tale starring patrick magee (a c...read more
          







the brute and the beast
            starring franco nero, george hilton and nino castelnuovo... nothing between them but hate, for each other!
          







cat in the brain
            acclaimed italian horror maestro lucio fulci, director of zombie and the beyond, stars in this blood-soaked epic as a director being driven insane by his own movies. fulci is thrust i...read more
          







zombie 3
            shortly before completing the sequel to his classic zombie, the legendary lucio fulci became ill and left the philippines-based production. but when director bruno mattei (shocking da...read more
          









fulci for fake
            he was known as the maestro of splatter and the godfather of gore. but who was the real lucio fulci? when an actor (nicola nocella of easy and pupi avati’s the youngest son) agrees to...read more
          





previous
next





view all
directed by dario argento










the cat o' nine tails
            following the success of his debut feature, the bird with the crystal plumage, distributor titanus tasked writer/director dario argento with delivering a follow-up in short order. the...read more
          







the five days
            after four flies on grey velvet, dario argento stepped away from giallo to create what remains the only non-horror/thriller - and least-seen film - of his career: set during 1848's fi...read more
          







inferno
            a young woman stumbles upon a mysterious diary that reveals the secrets of "the three mothers" and unleashes a nightmare world of demonic evil. as the unstoppable horror spreads from ...read more
          







tenebrae
            american mystery author peter neal (anthony franciosa) comes to italy to promote his newest novel, tenebrae. unfortunately, a razor-wielding serial killer is on the loose, taunting ne...read more
          







phenomena
            from italian master of the macabre dario argento (suspiria, tenebrae), comes phenomena (1985, known as 'creepers' in the us). the young jennifer corvino, played by oscar-winning actre...read more
          







opera
            when a young opera singer takes over the leading role in an avant-garde presentation of verdi's macbeth, she triggers the madness of a crazed fan who repeatedly forces the diva to wat...read more
          









the stendahl syndrome
            when beautiful police detective anna manni follows the bloody trail of a sophisticated serial murderer/rapist through the streets of italy, the young woman falls victim to the bizarre...read more
          





previous
next





view all
night flight: “as aired” episodes with commercials










night flight - full episode (6-30-84)
            night flight’s full episode from june 30th, 1984 kicks off hot and heavy with a bold “take off” to sex. “music videos use phallic and vaginal symbols,” pat prescott tells us as she in...read more
          







night flight - full episode (9-8-84)
            night flight’s full episode from september 1984 starts off with a lou reed’s wild dancing in his video for “i love you suzanne,” and doesn’t stop until way past your bedtime. night fl...read more
          







night flight - full episode (9-28-82)
            this almost 2 hour special episode of night flight includes a documentary on filming pink floyd's the wall, "they went to the stars" an excursion through 1950s space adventures ("they...read more
          









night flight - full episode (7-27-84)
            welcome to an uncut 3-hour episode of night flight!

you are now entering “as aired” territory. now streaming on night flight plus, we’ve got a full 3-hour original episode from 198...read more
          







night flight full episode (july 15, 1983)
            where else on television could you find 1950s cult video segments like 'space cadet' followed by a pure lynchian unknown filmmakers showcase into kaiju midnight movie trailers? blue o...read more
          







night flight - full episode (8-17-84)
            we begin this 3 hour as-aired episode with an excellent selection of videos from eurythmics, jermaine jackson, prince, and prince produced the time. night flight's rising stars covers...read more
          









night flight - full episode (7-14-84)
            starting off with michael jackson's iconic pepsi commercial, this full 3 hour special of night flight from 1984 truly has it all with a top ten video pick featuring  dead or alive, th...read more
          







night flight full episode (8-24-84)
            welcome back to night flight! tonight’ we give you over 3 hours of original “as aired” programming. that’s right, our "as aired" selections from 1983-4 return with all of the classic ...read more
          







night flight - mother's day special (as aired)
            tonight we salute the overworked and underpaid women who made it all possible, our mothers! we bring you two hours of original night flight in the form of a 1991 mother’s day weekend ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
bruceploitation collection










the clones of bruce lee
            minutes after his death, government scientists remove a syringe of blood from bruce lee's corpse to create three genetic clones (bruce le, bruce lai and dragon lee) of the martial art...read more
          







enter the game of death
            the legendary bruce le - "the greatest of all bruce lee imitators" (the video vacuum) - dons the iconic jumpsuit, flicks his nose and kicks ass in this "highly enjoyable and cheeky fu...read more
          







the dragon lives again
            in "the most bizarre kung fu movie you'll ever see" (rare cult cinema), bruce lee (bruce liang) is sent to hell where he enlists popeye the sailor man and the one-armed swordsman to b...read more
          







bruce and the iron finger
            bruce li stars in this "classic old-school flick" (city on fire) that combines explosive bruceploitation action with a sleazy '70s crime thriller: a tough singapore police detective (...read more
          







the dragon, the hero
            the incredible dragon lee (the clones of bruce lee) teams with high-kicking john liu (snuff bottle connection) in this over-the-top bruceploitation classic: the only two masters of st...read more
          







enter three dragons
            bruce lai, bruce thai and dragon lee - in his show-stopping hong kong film debut - star in this "especially fun" (joe bob briggs) bruceploitation fan favorite "filled with non-stop ma...read more
          









goodbye, bruce lee: his last game of death
            bruce li (enter the clones of bruce) stars in one of the most shamelessly/brilliantly meta of all bruceploitation sagas: after the death of bruce lee, hong kong producers hire li to c...read more
          







challenge of the tiger
            experience this "brain-melting kung fu classic featuring some of the wildest scenes of any film in the genre" (dvd drive-in), co-written, directed by and starring the legendary bruce ...read more
          







rage of the dragon
            the incredible dragon lee (the dragon, the hero) and the legendary carter wong (the 18 bronzemen) star in this undisputed classic from the golden age of bruceploitation: a masked grav...read more
          







the dragon lives
            bruce li (bruce and the iron finger) gives the performance of his career in this "realistic and hard-hitting" (city on fire) bruce lee biopic that goes where few other bruceploitation...read more
          







the black dragon vs. the yellow tiger
            in one of the earliest and least-seen bruceploitation epics, tong lung (the ferocious brothers) assumes the mannerisms to star in this very unofficial sequel to bruce lee's the way of...read more
          







cameroon connection
            cameroon filmmaker alphonse beni was an icon of african cinema who would eventually co-star in godfrey ho action movies like top mission, power force and ninja: silent assassin. but i...read more
          





previous
next





view all
tv 2000










tv 2000 - episode 1 (pilot )
            "tv 2000's a different kind of video show: we've got everything!" the 1985 music series and night flight sister show hosted by john kassir (voice of the cryptkeeper) and joe gallo inc...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 2 (boy george and marilyn)
            tv 2000 is night flight's spin on the top ten countdown format from 1985, hosted by comedian john kassir & joie gallo. in episode 2 of tv 2000, bryan adams takes us to heaven, the eur...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 3 (gene simmons)
            hosts john kassie and joie gallo take on the countdown format in night flight's tv 2000. episode 3 features a revealing interview with gene simmons and legendary videos from the power...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 4 (tom petty)
            john kassir and joie gallo return as hosts for tv 2000, counting down the best videos in music for 1985. featuring interviews with tom petty and duran duran, the latter talking about ...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 5 (go-go music)
            joie gallo and john kassir return for the fifth episode of tv 2000, night flight's countdown show! including a special report on go-go music, and videos from tears for fears and bruce...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 6 (nile rodgers)
            on this episode of night flight's sister show, tv 2000, lisa robinson sits down with nile rodgers to discuss how his sound stays ahead of the curve and what it's like working with dav...read more
          









tv 2000 - episode 7 (weird al)
            the seventh episode of night flight's countdown show tv 2000 features coverage of the tumultuous david lee roth/van halen split, and an exclusive interview with weird al. music videos...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 8 (garage rock)
            "your favorite videos, coast to coast!" hose joie gallo takes us to the top 10 music videos of the week in 1985. beginning with motley crue's "smoking in the boy's room," we visit are...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 9 (squeeze)
            welcome back to tv 2000, night flight's take on the countdown format. lisa robinson interviews british pop band squeeze on their various lineup changes, while host joie gallo leads us...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 10 (adam ant)
            in this edition of tv 2000, we run through videos from madonna and dire straits. in addition, lisa robinson interviews carly simon, who discusses her famous love life, plus a special ...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 11 (dee snider)
            host joie gallo presents the top 10 best music videos in the country from artists like mötley crüe, pat benatar, and chrissie hynde, while lisa robinson presents a special report on t...read more
          







tv 2000 - episode 12 (paul stanley)
            welcome to tv 2000, the show that counted down the best videos the music business had to offer. featuring a special interview with kiss's paul stanley, and music videos from sting, th...read more
          









tv 2000 - episode 13 (foreigner's mick jones)
            in this edition of tv 2000, lisa robinson interviews foreigner's guitarist mick jones, and presents and special report of controversial rock lyrics and the possibility of parental adv...read more
          





previous
next





view all
curated by fangoria magazine










slumber party massacre ii
            in this freaky follow-up to slumber party massacre (written and directed by deborah brock), courtney (crystal bernard) is tormented by dreams of the infamous driller killer returning ...read more
          







alligator
            from director lewis teague (cujo) and screenwriter john sayles (the howling) comes an unstoppable thriller with bite. a family returning from florida decides their pet baby alligator ...read more
          







messiah of evil
            a woman arrives in a sleepy seaside town after receiving unsettling letters from her father, only to discover the town is under the influence of a strange cult that weeps tears of blo...read more
          







popcorn
            a group of film students screen a bizarre short called the possessor, whose creator, lanyard gates, killed his family and set the theater on fire after its first showing. maggie (jill...read more
          







phenomena
            from italian master of the macabre dario argento (suspiria, tenebrae), comes phenomena (1985, known as 'creepers' in the us). the young jennifer corvino, played by oscar-winning actre...read more
          







night of the demons
            it's halloween night and angela is throwing a party ... but this is no ordinary halloween party. everybody's headed to hull house, a deserted funeral home, formerly the lair of a mass...read more
          









piranha
            lost river lake was a was a thriving resort - until they discovered... piranha! featuring a stellar group of talent in front of as well as behind the camera. with cult luminary joe da...read more
          





previous
next





view all
deaf crocodile










visitors from the arkana galaxy
            a truly gonzo croatian sci-fi / fantasy / comedy about a struggling writer named robert who dreams up a story of gold-skinned alien androids named andra, targo and ulu from a distant ...read more
          







the pied piper
            director jiří barta’s stop-motion animated masterpiece, based on the pied piper of hamelin, is set in a dark and twisted medieval village of narrow streets and weird gothic arches, ha...read more
          







cat city
            unflappable and unstoppable mouse secret agent nick grabovsky (lászló sinkó) with his deadpan voice, baggy pants and a big "g" on his shirt, goes up against the criminal cat gang run ...read more
          







prague nights
            in the vein of horror anthologies like bava's black sabbath, the long-unseen prague nights is a gorgeous and supernatural vision of ancient and modern prague: caught between mod sixti...read more
          







zerograd
            part kafka, part agatha christie and part monty python, director karen shakhnazarov's surreal satire of communism follows an everyman engineer named varakin (leonid filatov) who arriv...read more
          







the unknown man of shandigor
            swiss director jean-louis roy’s long-lost mid-1960s cold war super-spy thriller is a marvelous and surreal hall of mirrors, part-dr. strangelove, part-alphaville, with sly nods to bri...read more
          









benny's bathtub
            populated by singing (and barely dressed) mermaids, a funky hepcat octopus and whiskey-drinking skeleton pirates, the underwater kingdom is the grooviest scene this side of yellow sub...read more
          







solomon king
            a new restoration from cult label partner deaf crocodile of the long-lost, independently financed blaxploitation film solomon king is streaming now! in the vein of shaft and dolomite,...read more
          







the mysterious castle in the carpathians
            a unique and almost indescribable mix of gothic fiction, steampunk gadgetry (designed by czech animation wizard jan švankmajer), slapstick comedy and romantic opera, director oldřich ...read more
          







heroic times
            “a crime is a crime, even if committed by kings,” intones the narrator of director józsef gémes’s animated portrait of the supposedly “heroic” age of medieval knights and kings, a spr...read more
          







delta space mission
            long-lost 1980s romanian animated sci-fi film delta space mission in incredibly strange and beautiful work of galactic eye candy that defies all rules of perspective and logic; like m...read more
          







time of roses
            finnish director risto jarva’s fascinating, futuristic sci-fi mystery is set in a dystopian, pop art-designed world of gleaming white towers, sony video monitors and inflatable furnit...read more
          









the tune
            legendary animator and cartoonist bill plympton’s first feature, the tune is a wildly surreal animated musical comedy about a struggling songwriter named del (voiced by daniel neiden)...read more
          







adela has not had supper yet
            within that bizarre flower lies a huge enigma,” muses nick carter, america’s greatest detective, called to prague to investigate the case of a missing dog and instead winding up in th...read more
          





previous
next





view all
a tribute to night flight writer stuart samuels










a poem for stuart samuels
            rip stuart samuels (march 8, 1940 - august 2, 2024), senior writer of the original night flight series. "a poem for stuart samuels" is night flight creator stuart shapiro's tribute to...read more
          







george romero interview
            in this candid 20-minute long interview we’re exclusively sharing with you over on night flight plus, romero talks about his influences and gives a detailed account of origins of nigh...read more
          







hashtag vampires
            one hundred years of vampire movies in stuart samuel's #vampires! the history of vampires as told thru the words and images of over 100 vampire trailers from the beginning of film and...read more
          







night flight - rockin' ronnie
            conceived by the creators of the successful usa cable program "night flight," this light-hearted, off-the-wall exposé includes the unlikely supporting cast of queen elizabeth, richard...read more
          







night flight - atomic tv (1988)
            night flight's atomic tv is a classic featurette from the original series and fan favorite. this early, trend-setting 'video mashup' takes the pop music scene of 1986 and early public...read more
          







night flight - "take off" to film directors in music video 
            music video's directed by feature filmmakers for the cars, lionel richie, the art of noise, bruce springsteen and more
          









night flight on ifc - episode 1
            heavy metal and punk. classic interviews featuring legends of heavy metal and punk rock. late night tv from the 80s never felt so good. features animation, rock gods, pop culture icon...read more
          







night flight - "take off" to music video directors (1983)
            “millions have seen their work,” host pat prescott says, “but only a handful of people know who they are.” tonight, we “take off” to music video directors circa 1983 on night flight. ...read more
          







night flight - machine medley (video essay)
            night flight’s classic “video essays” were a completely unique programming concept for the era. lead by night flight’s writer stuart samuels (an instructor at the cannes film festival...read more
          







night flight - "take off" to music video directors (1985)
            this week, night flight puts the focus on the visionaries behind some of the most experimental and interesting music videos of the 80s. this unique ‘take off’ takes music video direct...read more
          







night flight presents: dr. ruth good sex special
            in this "best of" compilation starring beloved sex therapist dr. ruth as she engages in late-night therapy sessions, hosts stimulating conversations with celebrity guest stars, and de...read more
          







night flight - michael lang interview
            we lost a close member of the night flight family on january 8th, 2022. michael lang and nf creator stuart shapiro were twin counter-culture spirits. best friends since 1970, michael ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
factory 25










other music
            other music was an influential and uncompromising new york city record store that was vital to the city’s early 2000s indie music scene. but when the store is forced to close its door...read more
          







the oregonian
            there is a place. a place where the skies are wide and the forests are thick—and strange. you can lose your­self for­ever in these woods. you’ll meet truck­ers with prob­lems and old ...read more
          







empty metal
            empty metal follows five groups of characters, each emblematic of a different extreme political ideology, as they attempt insurrection against the status quo: a queer noise band is co...read more
          







inspector ike
            inspector ike, new york city’s greatest police detective, finds himself in a high-stakes game of cat-and-mouse after the conniving understudy of an avant-garde theater group knocks of...read more
          







being frank: the chris sievey story
            frank sidebottom was a performer who happened to wear a huge paper mâché head. or he was a real person. it rather depended whom you asked. being frank: the chris sievey story tells th...read more
          







apocalypse: a bill callahan tour film
            this strikingly shot concert documentary follows enigmatic drag city singer-songwriter bill callahan on a two-week tour from california to new york. for the past 25 years, under both ...read more
          









jobriath a.d.
            seventies glam rock musician jobriath was known as “the american bowie,” “the true fairy of rock & roll,” and “hype of the year.” the first openly gay rock star, jobriath’s reign was ...read more
          







the lost arcade
            chinatown fair opened as a penny arcade in manhattan’s chinatown in 1944. over the decades, it became an institution, surviving turf wars, changing tastes and the growth of home gamin...read more
          







funny ha ha
            marnie is 23, and drifts through "funny ha ha," andrew bujalski's critically acclaimed debut feature, in search of romance and employment. the film's conversations sound improvised an...read more
          







the family jams
            an evocative portrait of youthful possibility, the family jams follows devendra banhart, joanna newsom and vetiver as they tour the usa in 2004 playing their unique music for a newly ...read more
          







until the light takes us
            until the light takes us tells the story of black metal. part music scene and part cultural uprising, black metal rose to worldwide notoriety in the mid-nineties when a rash of suicid...read more
          







vacation!
            vacation! is an existential beach party movie about life, death, sex and drugs. when four college friends reunite for a girls’ week at the beach, it’s all bikinis, piña coladas and da...read more
          









stinking heaven
            "compelling. furiously combative." - variety married couple jim and lucy  run a commune in the early 90's for sober living out of their suburban new jersey home. the motley members ea...read more
          







videofilia (and other viral syndromes)
            videofilia (and other viral syndromes) begins with a teenage misfit spending her first days out of school slacking, experimenting with drugs and cyberspace. she meets junior online. h...read more
          







almost there
            for many, peter anton's house embodies an end-of-life nightmare: the utility companies long ago shut off the heat and electricity, the floorboards are rotting, and the detritus of a c...read more
          







hellaware
            hellaware gently satirizes the world of high-brow art through the eyes of a wannabe photographer who becomes consumed by the bright lights of mainstream success. jaded by the “incestu...read more
          







i am secretly an important man
            i am secretly an important man is a portrait of writer and poet steven j. bernstein (aka jesse bernstein), one of seattle's most celebrated and troubled voices. his angry, surprisingl...read more
          







out of time: the material issue story
            out of time: the material issue story examines the tragic story of a rock band on the cusp of superstardom cut short by front man jim ellison’s suicide. the film tells the story of ma...read more
          





previous
next





view all
featured documentaries










we kill for love: the lost world of the erotic thriller
            we kill for love goes in search of the forgotten world of the direct-to-video erotic thriller, an american film genre that once dominated late night cable television and the shelves o...read more
          







sex and broadcasting: a film about wfmu
            sex and broadcasting is a human, and humorous, look at new jersey’s wfmu, a radio station that refuses any programming boundaries. most of its disc jockeys are unpaid volunteers, work...read more
          







betty davis - they say i'm different
            funk queen betty davis changed the landscape for female artists in america. she "was the first..." as former husband miles davis said. "madonna before madonna, prince before prince". ...read more
          







elektro moskva: the secret history of soviet space-age electronic music
            welcome to a weird and definitely wired world of avant-garde rock musicians, diy circuit benders, vodka-swilling dealers and urban archaeologists/collectors, all fascinated with obsol...read more
          







z channel: a magnificent obsession
            xan cassavetes' film explores the euphoric rise and tragic descent of z channel, los angeles’ first pay cable service and its virtuosic film programmer jerry harvey. launched in 1974,...read more
          







the dicks from texas
            the dicks started out as an austin, texas poster band in 1979 and once formed, took off like a hardcore rocket. the dicks only released one 45 and two lp's and were the house band at ...read more
          









that's sexploitation!
            from director frank henenlotter (frankenhooker, brain damage) and co-producer mike vraney (the late founder of something weird video) comes the epic documentary critics call "fascinat...read more
          







atari: game over
            this enthralling documentary chronicles the fall of the atari corporation and investigates one of the biggest mysteries of all time, dubbed “the great video game burial of 1983.” in t...read more
          







style wars
            when director tony silver and co-producer henry chalfant delivered the broadcast version of their prize-winning film to pbs in 1983, the world received its first full immersion in the...read more
          







otaku no video
            a true treat for true fans of any genre, otaku no video ("fan's video") is an outrageous mockumentary that combines the superb animation that made gainax one of japan's best-loved ani...read more
          







giuseppe makes a movie
            while the rest of america slept, diy filmmaker/musician giuseppe andrews (a one-time teen actor in independence day and detroit rock city) has made over 30 experimental features with ...read more
          







children of dracula (1994)
            “are you a vampire? vampire’s victim? have fantasies about vampires?” that's the ad circulated in major los angeles and dallas newspapers back in 1994. the film producers behind the a...read more
          









jan terri: no rules
            a night flight plus streaming exclusive: this is the story of jan terri, an irrepressible and delightfully perplexing musical personality. as a child, jan would dance and sing for any...read more
          







brainiac - transmissions after zero
            in the mid 90's the dayton, oh music scene became a hot spot generating worldwide buzz from the influential indie rock being produced there (the breeders, guided by voices). arguably ...read more
          







desolation center
            desolation center is the previously untold story of a series of early 80s guerrilla music and art performance happenings in southern california that are recognized to have inspired bu...read more
          







the search for weng weng
            the smallest movie star in cinema history! the bizarre history of filipino b-films, as told through filmmaker andrew leavold's personal quest to find the truth behind its dwarf james ...read more
          







nightclubbing: the birth of punk rock in nyc
            nightclubbing is the first ever documentary about the renowned new york city nightclub max's kansas city (1965-1981) which had an indelible impact on the world of music, fashion, art,...read more
          







we were famous, you don't remember: the embarrassment
            ignited by punk’s invasion of the great plains, america’s gawkiest and greatest lost rock band battles conformity in reagan-era kansas. the embarrassment played chicago, d.c., and new...read more
          





previous
next





view all
meet the residents










the residents - secret show (live in san francisco)
            to celebrate their 50th anniversary, the residents undertook a secret, one-off performance in their hometown of san francisco. joined on stage by a hand-picked cast of guest artists, ...read more
          







the residents present: triple trouble
            dive deep into the psyche of randall "junior" rose (dustin york), son of a recently deceased rock star and a former priest who has lost faith in the church. convinced that a fungus is...read more
          







night flight - the residents video profile and san francisco rock
            in this original episode of night flight, we take a look at the mysterious art rock project the residents and have a profile of the san francisco rock scene that includes. music video...read more
          







the residents - god in 3 persons live
            night flight is proud to kick off our 42nd anniversary weekend programming on night flight plus with the residents' “god in 3 persons” concert film, a night flight streaming exclusive...read more
          







night flight performance series - the residents
            the anonymous and prolific quartet, the residents, have remained a fixture in the avant-garde music and art scene for decades, releasing over 60 full-length records. rejecting individ...read more
          







the residents - commercial dvd
            the residents had recorded their album, the commercial album, in 1980.  it contained 40 one-minute tunes. the dvd version of this required enlisting many talented film-makers from aro...read more
          









the residents - talking light: bimbo's
            the inspiration behind the talking light tour is the residents' fascination with spooky stories.  all of these ghost stories share a common theme, which ultimately asks the question: ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
the penelope spheeris collection










suburbia
            suburbia is director penelope spheeris's study of the los angeles punk rock scene in the early 1980s. evan and his younger brother leave their broken home in an attempt to escape thei...read more
          







the decline of western civilization
            the first entry in the decline series sheds a light on los angeles’ punk scene of the late 1970s. featuring interviews and performances by some of the most seminal acts of the era lik...read more
          







the decline of western civilization part ii: the metal years
            decline of western civilization part two: the metal years was penelope spheeris’ followup to the original decline. shifting her focus to los angeles’ metal scene and the clubs and ban...read more
          







the decline of western civilization iii
            decline of western civilization iii, the final entry in spheeris’ influential documentary series, follows the lives of the homeless teenagers that made up the los angeles gutter punk ...read more
          







dudes
            two city street kids (jon cryer of pretty in pink and daniel roebuck of the fugitive) along with their best friend, head west to look for the good life in california. on the way, the ...read more
          







hollywood vice squad
            "sex, drugs, blood and guts — it's all in a nights work!" a concerned mother asks the vice squad to rescue her runaway daughter from a life of junkie prostitution in this action-packe...read more
          









the boys next door
            maxwell caulfield and charliee sheen star as high-school outcasts who head to los angeles for a spree of petty crime, senseless violence and savage murder from the director of the dec...read more
          





previous
next





view all
severin films










cathy's curse
            this first-ever restoration of the depraved canadian shocker is being hailed as the genre re-discovery of the year: in 1947, a young girl is roasted alive in a car accident. thirty ye...read more
          







night of the demon
            amid the gush of early ‘80s low-budget backwoods horror, only one lost classic brought together softcore sex, hardcore violence, satanic sex cults and a limb-tearing, gut-slinging, be...read more
          







retribution
            for his 1987 feature film debut, co-writer/director guy magar delivered what bleeding skull hails as "relentless, squishy joy that makes us angry we've lived this long without having ...read more
          







demonia
            in what fans consider his last great film, godfather of gore lucio fulci returns to the startling imagery and bloody excesses of his '70s/'80s classics for an unholy saga of demonic n...read more
          







things (1989)
            in 1989, it became the first canadian shot-on-super 8 gore shocker commercially released on vhs. today, it remains perhaps the most bizarre, depraved and mind-boggling chunk of 'canux...read more
          







skinned deep
            his mind-blowing work as an fx artist has included everything from frank henenlotter’s brain damage and frankenhooker to matthew barney’s cremaster cycle. and for his 2004 debut as wr...read more
          









aenigma
            for his final horror hit of the '80s, writer/director lucio fulci combined elements of carrie, phenomena and suspiria with the grisly surrealism of his own past classics for one last ...read more
          







black boots, leather whip
            during one of the most insanely productive periods of his career, writer/director jess franco resurrected the character of seedy private eye al pereira -- portrayed here by key collab...read more
          







the return of captain invincible
            alan arkin and horror/fantasy icon christopher lee star in the long-unseen 1982 action-comedy from the director of the beast within and howling ii, with songs by richard o'brien (the ...read more
          







threads
            in september 1984, it was aired on the bbc and shocked tens of millions of uk viewers. four months later, it was broadcast in america on tbs and became the most watched basic cable pr...read more
          







zombie 3
            shortly before completing the sequel to his classic zombie, the legendary lucio fulci became ill and left the philippines-based production. but when director bruno mattei (shocking da...read more
          







zombie 4
            in between the celebrated insanities of zombie 3 and troll 2, director claudio fragasso (here under the name ‘clyde anderson’) and writer/collaborator rossella drudi put the penultima...read more
          









nosferatu in venice
            what was intended to be an unofficial sequel to werner herzog's nosferatu instead became one of the most notoriously fascinating productions in eurocult history: klaus kinski - "now f...read more
          







strike commando
            two years before the deranged genius of robowar and shocking dark, writer/director bruno mattei and co-writers claudio fragasso & rossella drudi borrowed from rambo: first blood part ...read more
          







 strike commando 2
            director bruno mattei and screenwriters claudio fragasso & rossella drudi return to the philippine jungles with a higher budget, bigger action and richard harris (yes, that richard ha...read more
          







absurd
            joe d’amato's infamous follow-up to anthropophagous like never before! d'amato unleashes gut-spewing greek boogeyman (screenwriter george eastman) into suburban america for a "gruesom...read more
          







an angel for satan
            the first-ever authorized american release in the final film of her italian gothic period, the legendary barbara steele (black sunday) stars in one of the most startling erotic shocke...read more
          







anthropophagous
            it was seized by uk authorities as a ‘video nasty’ and accused of being an actual snuff film. yet even by ‘80s italian gore-spewing standards, this grueling shocker from sex & sleaze ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
blaxploitation, mob action and rough street justice










dolemite
            the legendary classic…the pillar of the ‘blaxploitation’ genre….rudy ray moore is dolemite!

sent to prison on a frame-up by some crooked cops and his arch rival, the notorious will...read more
          







blackenstein
            dr. winifred walker (ivory stone) and nobel prize-winner dr. stein (b-movie icon john hart-the fastest guitar alive, tv’s “the lone ranger”) believe they can restore dismembered vietn...read more
          







disco godfather
            rudy ray moore is tucker williams, the rapping owner and main attraction of the blueberry hill disco.  an ex-cop with a penchant for head-whacking martial arts, tucker is called back ...read more
          







solomon king
            a new restoration from cult label partner deaf crocodile of the long-lost, independently financed blaxploitation film solomon king is streaming now! in the vein of shaft and dolomite,...read more
          







boss
            it's blaxploitation baby -- west of the pecos! boss (fred williamson), has "decided to hunt white folks for a change," by becoming a bounty hunter to click the hammer on fugitive outl...read more
          







the black godfather
            j.j. (rod perry-tv’s “s.w.a.t.”) is a hustler with a conscience.  a small-time numbers runner who dabbles in prostitution, j.j. wants nothing to do with the drug trade, which he holds...read more
          









the human tornado (dolemite ii)
            in this sequel to the cult smash dolemite, we find our hero on the run from a redneck sheriff who has caught dolemite messin’ with his woman. he and his posse (including a young ernie...read more
          







lord shango
            in this atmospheric blaxploitation classic, a young christian mother turns away from her faith to a more ancient religion… and summons a tribal priest from the dead to avenge her teen...read more
          







petey wheatstraw
            petey wheatstraw (rudy ray moore) was born during a tropical storm, and from the moment he took his first breath he could walk, talk and kick ass.  he grows up to become a famous come...read more
          







abar: the first black superman
            african-american scientist dr. kenneth kincade moves his family into an affluent neighborhood, only to be greeted with threats and vandalism by their new white neighbors. enter john a...read more
          







thunderground
            on the road... there are no rules. life is violent and expendable at hobo junction, tennessee. only the strong or the street-smart survive. here, casey (margaret langrick) the con-art...read more
          







cops vs thugs
            considered by many to be director kinji fukasaku's greatest single-film achievement in the yakuza genre, cops vs thugs was made at the height of popularity of toei studios' jitsuroku ...read more
          









hollywood cop
            the mob kidnaps a young boy from his mother, rebecca. the child is the son of a former gang member who stole six million dollars from this crime syndicate. the warning is deadly: “we ...read more
          







the search for weng weng
            the smallest movie star in cinema history! the bizarre history of filipino b-films, as told through filmmaker andrew leavold's personal quest to find the truth behind its dwarf james ...read more
          







when justice fails
            a hearing-impaired prosecutor (marlee matlin) is the suspect in a series of murders. the investigation becomes hampered when one of the detectives (jeff fahey) becomes intimately invo...read more
          







high voltage
            a group of young adults decides to rob a bank, only to discover that the bank is just a front for a korean mob money laundering operation.
          







coyote run
            when clifton breaks up a drug deal and steals $15 million, helping to firm up his standing as a major player in the region’s organized crime, deputy pershing vows to bring him to just...read more
          







the collectors
            an anonymous tip causes a reporter to be eyewitness to a judge’s murder. now the killer has set his sights on the reporter, whose only help is a beautiful female photographer.
          





previous
next





view all
bikers, rebels, & ne'er-do-wells










savage dawn
            the residents of a small border town find themselves under siege by a vicious biker gang who get their kicks from unfettered brutality. when stryker, a hardened vietnam veteran who's ...read more
          







the death wheelers (psychomania)
            a gang of young people call themselves the living dead. they terrorize the population from their small town. after an agreement with the devil, if they kill themselves firmly believin...read more
          







2020 texas gladiators
            from italosleaze maestro joe d'amato comes this "insane and very entertaining" (rare cult cinema) saga of unholy mutants, big explosions, motorcycle mayhem, saloon brawls, and plenty ...read more
          







stone
            five years before mad max, producer/director/co-writer/star sandy harbutt - in his first and only feature film - ignited australia's exploitation explosion, launched a global censorsh...read more
          







hell riders
            a spectacularly trashy and weird 80s biker film from the exploitation dream team of james bryan (don't go in the woods, executioner part 2) and renee harmon (frozen scream, escape fro...read more
          







vigilante
            new york city factory worker eddie marino (robert forster, oscar nominee for jackie brown) is a solid citizen and regular guy, until the day a sadistic street gang brutally assaults h...read more
          









the boys next door
            maxwell caulfield and charliee sheen star as high-school outcasts who head to los angeles for a spree of petty crime, senseless violence and savage murder from the director of the dec...read more
          







the acid eaters
            buxom skin-goddess pat barrington (mantis in lace) is just one of the acid eaters a bunch of 9-to-5 working stiffs who become drug-crazed bikers on the weekend! after miss barrington ...read more
          







black rebels
            delinquents! drugs! interracial violence! rita moreno! dyan cannon! and - yipes! - topless sex scenes! yes, kiddies, here's another excellent ·but­ forgotten b-movie, full of racial t...read more
          







suburbia
            suburbia is director penelope spheeris's study of the los angeles punk rock scene in the early 1980s. evan and his younger brother leave their broken home in an attempt to escape thei...read more
          







pit stop
            raw guts for glory! flesh against steel! the most dangerous game ever devised, to pit man against man, flesh against steel - the figure-8 race! jack hill (coffy, foxy brown) follows u...read more
          







black angels
            the same year that producer-director laurence merrick made the oddball vampire film guess what happened to count dracula, he also unleashed black angels, a loopy yet cynical biker fli...read more
          









murdercycle
            its engine roars with a deafening thunder. the sleek, dark profile cuts through the night like a sword through flesh. devoid of human emotion, it kills to live. it has torn into our d...read more
          







it's a revolution mother
            here’s an odd but nonetheless fascinating time capsule of late- sixties social unrest filtered through the mind of florida-based sexploitation producer-director harry kerwin. yup, the...read more
          







savages from hell
            bikers, beach parties, body painting, death by dune buggy, interracial lust, and a good old-fashioned catfight all gleefully collide in savages from hell, the manic followup to shanty...read more
          







skate witches
            a gang of female skate boarders and their pet rats terrorize all the boy skate boarders in town. 1986.
starring: jenny parker, karen kibler, dana forrester.

          







she should'a said no!
            “the film that’s scorchin’ the nation’s screens!”
      the she who shoulda said ‘no’! is honeypot lila leeds (lady in the lake, moonrise) who was busted for doing doobies with rugge...read more
          







teenage mother
            before he became known for distributing such drive-­in epics as i drink your blood, i eat your skin, and i spit on your grave, jerry gross directed two fascinating little quickies - g...read more
          





previous
next





view all
1990s syndication episodes










night flight - 1992 syndication (the kinks and the cure)
            this special ‘90s syndication episode feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments. pal tape 20 covers the kinks and the cure.
          







night flight - 1993 syndication (simple minds and aretha franklin)
            this special ‘90s syndication episode feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments. pal tape 7 profiles simple minds and aretha franklin.
          







night flight - 1992 syndication (sounds of the ‘60s)
            this special ‘90s syndication episode feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments. pal tape 2 features a survey of music from the ‘60s.
          







night flight - 1992 syndication (motown sound)
            this special ‘90s syndication episode feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments. pal tape 6 is an in-depth review of the motown sound.
          







night flight - 1993 syndication (irish rock & tom waits)
            this special ‘90s syndication episode feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments. pal tape 5 (parts 1 & 2) feature a “take off” to irish rockers, a tom...read more
          







night flight - 1992 syndication (van halen and kiss)
            this special ‘90s syndication episodes feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments. pal tape 1 takes on van halen and kiss.
          









night flight - 1993 syndication (inxs)
            this special ‘90s syndication episode feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments.  pal tape 3 features a video profile of inxs.
          







night flight - 1992 syndication (steve winwood and ike & tina turner)
            this special ‘90s syndication episode feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments. juarez stops by universal studios in pal tape 19 delivers two video p...read more
          







night flight - 1993 syndication (paul mccartney)
            this special ‘90s syndication episode feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments. pal tape 7 profiles paul mccartney.

          







night flight - 1993 syndication (elton john and rod stewart)
            this special ‘90s syndication episode feature host tom juarez introducing multiple classic night flight segments. pal tape 8 profiles elton john and rod stewart.
          





previous
next





view all
celebrating roger corman










rock 'n' roll high school
            vince lombardi high school has quite a reputation: it's the wildest, most rockin' high school around! that is, until a thug of a principal, miss togar, comes along and tries to make t...read more
          







the terror
            the ghostly apparition of a young woman is witnessed by an 18th century french lieutenant in napoleon's army. after two failed attempts to keep up with her, lt. andre duvalier (nichol...read more
          







x: the man with the x-ray eyes
            dr. james xavier (ray milland) is a world renowned scientist experimenting with human eyesight. he devises a drug, that when applied to the eyes, enables the user to see beyond the no...read more
          







humanoids from the deep
            something evil is happening in the sleepy fishing village of noyo. fishlike humanoid creatures, spawned by mutant dna, begin rising from the ocean looking to mate with the local women...read more
          







suburbia
            suburbia is director penelope spheeris's study of the los angeles punk rock scene in the early 1980s. evan and his younger brother leave their broken home in an attempt to escape thei...read more
          







slumber party massacre ii
            in this freaky follow-up to slumber party massacre (written and directed by deborah brock), courtney (crystal bernard) is tormented by dreams of the infamous driller killer returning ...read more
          









ski troop attack
            in ski troop attack, legendary b movie director roger corman brings his considerable talent to the war genre. the results are typical corman: plenty of action and suspense, all on a s...read more
          







caged heat
            thrown into the penal hell of connorville, petty criminal jacqueline (erica gavin, beyond the valley of the dolls) must fight against the ruthless inmates, a cruel warden (barbara ste...read more
          







creature from the haunted sea
            here's another roger corman classic from the golden age of drive-in schlock! in this spoof of horror and spy thrillers, american gangster renzo capetto (anthony carbone) decides to ki...read more
          







the bees
            evil corporations have smuggled a deadly strain of south american killer bees into the united states and now the entire world may be on the brink of imminent destruction! as cities tu...read more
          







monster from the ocean floor
            b-movie maverick roger corman started his own production career with this entertaining sci-fi shocker! while vacationing in a coastal mexican village, artist julie blair learns of a l...read more
          







piranha
            lost river lake was a was a thriving resort - until they discovered... piranha! featuring a stellar group of talent in front of as well as behind the camera. with cult luminary joe da...read more
          









time warp: the greatest cult films of all time (vol. 2 - horror & sci-fi)
            the greatest cult horror and science fiction films of all-time are studied in vivid detail in the second volume of time warp. includes groundbreaking classics like night of the living...read more
          







time warp: the greatest cult films of all time (vol. 3 - comedy & camp)
            the final volume of time warp digs deep into what makes us laugh over and over again as we reveal the greatest cult comedies and campy classics of all-time. from fast time at ridgemon...read more
          







lady frankenstein
            co-produced by roger corman, "one of the most underrated horror movies of all time" (classic horror) features lurid direction by mel welles (little shop of horrors) from a story by by...read more
          





previous
next





view all
saturday morning mayhem










gumby – everybody's favorite clayboy
            a match made in retro heaven. we are thrilled to add the original 1950s and '60s gumby series. with some of the best digital transfers around, we've worked with our archivists to recu...read more
          







robocop: the compete series
            based on the classic 1987 film by paul verhoeven, robocop: the series (1994) stars richard eden as the titular cyborg.
          







dynaman
            in 1988, (or perhaps 1987, depending on who you ask), “night flight” premiered dynaman, a re-dubbed parody of the seventh super sentai series, kagaku sentai dynaman.

the show featu...read more
          









denver, the last dinosaur
            when an unusually intelligent dinosaur unexpectedly hatches from a fossilized egg in 1980s california, a friendly group of human teenagers adopts him and teaches him how to hide from ...read more
          







adventures of sonic the hedgehog
            based on the popular video game franchise published by sega... sonic the hedgehog is on the run with his faithful sidekick tails and together they're racing to outpace the despicable ...read more
          







double dragon: the animated series
            a martial-arts master and his twin brother fight evil in this animated series based on the extremely popular "beat 'em up" video-game franchise published by sega.
          









captain power and the soldiers of the future
            it is the year 2148 - the metal wars have ended - machines battled man, and the machines won. out of the ashes of defeat came jonathon power, humanity's last hope of defeating the bio...read more
          





previous
next





view all
devo-lution!










hardcore devo live!
            devo, captured live in oakland, performing early experimental tracks written between 1974 and 1977, prior to any label deal or public success. no matter how messy, beginnings are exci...read more
          







devo - live 1980
            this rare footage has been compiled from a full-length show at the phoenix theater in petaluma, ca in 1980.  songs include its not right, pink pussycat, whip it, girl u want, (i cant ...read more
          







night flight - devo video vault and new age
            only night flight could find a way to program classic devo cuts with soothing mystical new age. relive that original programming style tonight by climbing into night flight's video va...read more
          







devo - the men who make the music
            the men who make the music combines concert footage from devo's 1978 tour with music videos and testimonials featuring a vague story about devo's rocky relationship with "big entertainment."

          







devo - the complete truth about de-evolution
            devo, the seminal concept band, made a career out of setting to music video their dada-gone-camp theory of de-evolution and its rebuke of corporate culture. this is a comprehensive co...read more
          







devo - live butch devo and the sundance gig
            "in january of '96, we closed sundance film festival. we wore 20s style prison suits and dished out classic devo songs to an unsuspecting audience of hollywood elite," devo's jerry ca...read more
          









night flight - devo profile and new metal
            welcome back its time to climb into the video vault for devo, and follow the bands career through their experimental clips. night flight looks at the hottest metal in 1986 with new tw...read more
          







a devolved new year's eve on night flight (live stream highlights)
            relive highlights from night flight's live stream event from december 31st 2020. we bid adieu to a year from hell in complete devolved style with devo's gerald casale and guest hosts ...read more
          







devo - live in the land of the rising sun, japan 2003
            "from a stage super-heated by over-the-top, rock 'n roll cliche lighting, devo faced a sea of asian gen x'ers in a 100 degree plus fahrenheit venue in the bowels of tokyo, japan. the ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
shorts by vince collins










malice in wonderland
            the infamous reimagining of alice in wonderland by surrealist animator vince collins. restored by mark toscano at the academy® film archive. note: this video contains flashing images....read more
          







200
            "a soul-warming, patriotic-psychedelic tribute to america featuring animated baseballs and hot dogs!" -tim leary. created by vince collins for the u. s. international communication ag...read more
          







euphoria
            "consistent stylistic-thematic structures link and merge throughout the bewildering event chain. the distinction between organic forms and human artifacts is blurred by the visual sty...read more
          







fantasy
            a star-driven spiraling machine of hallucinatory wonder. animated by vince collins. restored by mark toscano at the academy® film archive. note: this video contains flashing images. v...read more
          







gilgamish
            animated by vince collins. restored by mark toscano at the academy® film archive. note: this video contains flashing images. viewer discretion is advised.
          







ingemination
            the first animation from vince collins, marrying both the simple and complex in a beautiful little animation that gives a window into what the man is capable of. restored by mark tosc...read more
          









life is flashing before your eyes
            animation by vince collins. restored by mark toscano the academy film archive. ”cheery pop images and mellow lyrics" - timothy leary. note: this video contains flashing images. viewer...read more
          





previous
next





view all
directed by nico mastorakis










in the cold of the night
            dreams. they come from a place still unknown to science. it remains a mystery how their extraordinary power can excite you with visions of pleasure or overwhelm you with feelings of t...read more
          







blind date
            a psychopathic killer with a penchant for beautiful models stalks the streets in this chilling thriller of futuristic science and volatile passions, starring kirstie alley and joseph ...read more
          







.com for murder
            in cyberspace, no one can hear you scream! this turn-of-the-millennium cyber psycho-thriller from nico mastorakis showcases the usual gleeful eye for excess and inspired casting (incl...read more
          







darkroom
            
after two years of hectic city life, advertising executive janet templeton returns home to her family's farm to get away from it all. but her stay soon becomes exposed as a gripping...read more
          





previous
next





view all
weird tv










weird tv 101 - hot dog hall of fame
            the premiere episode of the cult series weird tv features a trip to the hot dog hall of fame, a tattoo convention in anaheim, hogman’s pork and beans emporium, an art-rock tribute to ...read more
          







weird tv 102 - cathedral under the stars
            in this episode, cirino himself checks in from a makeshift shrine in the desert, stuffed animals are shot to shreds in a “drive by shooting range,” video art by iimura takahiko, the l...read more
          







weird tv 103 - beatrice wyatt's yard
            episode 3 features peoplehaters fabrication shop, a “tasteless toon” called rudolph the rabid reindeer, a mine tour in nevada, a naked queen elizabeth in australia and the mixed media...read more
          









weird tv 104 - suicidal house plants
            belladonna from tattoo magazine takes us on a tour of melrose ave’s fetish gallery, a short film subject covering suicidal house plants, demented hand puppets francis & buzz in “trash...read more
          







weird tv 105 - don glut, dinosaur collector
            this episode features the debut of weird tv’s serial: “möbius - outsider in the world of the living dead.” we’re also on the scene of a “prehistoric party” with don glut: preeminent d...read more
          







weird tv 106 - ken fox, family dentist
            this episode kicks off with super-powered potato cannons at burning man, followed by outsider artist and family dentist kenneth fox describing his monumental sculptures, strung out ha...read more
          









weird tv 107 - saint stupid’s day parade
            this episode kicks off with man on the street style interviews with revelers celebrating saint stupid's day in san francisco, a dr. rhuel segment highlighting the museum of jurassic t...read more
          







weird tv 108 - the eagle’s nest
            we’re back at burning man where “bonsai boy” shows us his flame spitting superkart. plus, a very night flight-esque comedic overdub of häxan (1922), a visit to the outsider art instal...read more
          







weird tv 109 - hog heaven
            weird tv visits a “shrine to swine,” aka the home of a woman who collects and creates signage related to pigs (“i’ve been crazy about pigs since i was four years old…” ). plus, outrag...read more
          









weird tv 110 - rudder
            explore a new species of big game hunting in nevada: remote controlled cars from the ‘70s. plus spongearama!, a museum featuring the largest selection of natural sponges, microbots fr...read more
          







weird tv 111 - viewers choice special
            an audience-selected “best of” episode of weird tv with the interactive first person cd rom “game” sparky! featuring a dog’s-eye view of los angeles, piesexual performance artist the ...read more
          







weird tv 112 - fiction or not special
            a compilation episode of weird tv focused on the shows’ wacky original serials: a “trash” origin story with hand-puppet burnouts francis & buzz, zatar the mutant king, möbius, and bab...read more
          









weird tv - weird america pilot
            created by chuck cirino in 1994, this is the pilot for the “weird america” show, which ultimately became a regular segment inside the greater weird tv format, which was released a yea...read more
          







shadoevision
            this is the hour-long shadoevision special created and hosted by radio personality shadoe stevens and directed by chuck cirino in 1986 for the cinemax comedy experiment. it features a...read more
          





previous
next





view all
creature features










the return of swamp thing
            everyone's favorite muck-encrusted plant-man falls in love with dr. arcane's sexy daughter and must rescue her from her father's nefarious and murderous plans. heather locklear stars ...read more
          







alligator
            from director lewis teague (cujo) and screenwriter john sayles (the howling) comes an unstoppable thriller with bite. a family returning from florida decides their pet baby alligator ...read more
          







night of the demon
            amid the gush of early ‘80s low-budget backwoods horror, only one lost classic brought together softcore sex, hardcore violence, satanic sex cults and a limb-tearing, gut-slinging, be...read more
          







the velocipastor
            a man of the claw. after losing his parents, a priest travels to china to find meaning in life, but instead inherits a mysterious ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. at f...read more
          







wolf guy
            shinichi "sonny" chiba is a martial arts "manimal" in the ultra-70's, 100% bizarre mixture of horror, action and sci-fi that is wolf guy, one of the rarest and most sought-after cult ...read more
          







the man with two heads
            an adaptation of robert louis stevenson's strange case of dr. jekyll and mr. hyde from the warped perspective of outsider filmmaking legend andy milligan. the life of dr. william jeky...read more
          









the brain
            imagine a pulsating mass of gray matter, expanding in size and strength as it takes control of human minds and devours human bodies. it could never happen, right? just watch independe...read more
          







shrieker
            it strikes without warning. it can morph through walls, ceilings, floors. there is no place to hide. behind every corner lies a potential doorway to death. after fifty years the shrie...read more
          







dark night of the scarecrow
            when young marylee williams (tonya crowe) is found viciously mauled, all hell breaks loose in her small rural town. officious postmaster otis p. hazelrigg (charles durning) leads a ga...read more
          







octaman
            something strange is happening in the wilds of mexico. radioactive waste has contaminated the major waterways and once harmless sea creatures have developed frighteningly complex inte...read more
          







gorgo
            a volcanic eruption in the north atlantic brings to the surface a 65-foot prehistoric monster. two treasure divers capture the creature and take him to london where he made the star a...read more
          







xtro 3: watch the skies
            a group of military personnel have been assembled to, they believe, locate and disarm old active explosives which have been left unattended at a former army testing site on a remote i...read more
          









killer crocodile
            more than a decade after the spielberg blockbuster, a dream team of shock maestros - including producer-turned-director fabrizio de angelis, screenwriter dardano sacchetti , gore guru...read more
          







nezura 1964
            1963 summer. nagano, the president of the daiei film company, is in need of a new hit movie. he’s convinced by his special effects director tsukaji to make a giant monster motion pict...read more
          







monster from the ocean floor
            b-movie maverick roger corman started his own production career with this entertaining sci-fi shocker! while vacationing in a coastal mexican village, artist julie blair learns of a l...read more
          







the naked monster
            a direct homage to the horror/sci-fi/creature features of the 50s and 60s, right down to the poor quality film, "rubber monster", bad dialogue, numerous puns and negligible budget. wh...read more
          







king dinosaur
            atomic age and stone age collide when a new planet appears in our solar system, within sight of earth, prompting a two-man, two-woman rocket flight that finds giant animals and reptil...read more
          







killer crocodile 2
            in the 1990 low-budget sequel, the caribbean swamps, which is to be made into a holiday resort, is terrorized again by a second monstrous crocodile which is killing off anyone unfortu...read more
          





previous
next





view all
susan and denise










susan and denise - shorts
            susan and denise’s “shorts” takes viewers on a whirlwind journey of irreverence and evolution as susan and denise carve their path through a world of their making, challenging convent...read more
          







susan and denise - trilogy of trauma halloween special
            behold the trilogy of trauma halloween special, where susan and denise embark on three spine-chilling adventures spanning from 2017 to 2021. this diy collection promises thrills, chil...read more
          







susan and denise - volume 1
            susan and denise present: volume 1. like a fever dream that leaves you wanting more, volume 1 is a collection of short films meticulously crafted to deliver a truly unique viewing exp...read more
          





previous
next





view all
drugs & counterculture










reefer madness
            reefer madness is a 1936 american propaganda film revolving around the melodramatic events that ensue when high school students are lured by pushers to try marijuana—from a hit and ru...read more
          







j-men forever
            a night flight classic returns! j-men is the story of "the secret world war," a war of cultures as rock & roll smashes shmaltzy music. this outrageous comedy was created by firesign t...read more
          







the sunshine makers
            a real-life "breaking bad" for the psychedelic set, "the sunshine makers" reveals the untold story of nicholas sand and tim scully, the unlikely duo at the heart of the 1960s american...read more
          







weed
            in response to president nixon's commission on marijuana and drug abuse, adult filmmaker alex de renzy weighs in with weed his take on "the great american grass problem" in which he i...read more
          







4/20 massacre
            a fine entry in the stoner slasher canon from director dylan reynolds. five young women decide to celebrate a birthday by camping in a nearby national park over a weekend. however, th...read more
          







marihuana story
            before he relocated to spain and made the gender-bender shocker i hate my body and a handful of paul naschy movies (including werewolf vs. the vampire woman), director leon klimovsky ...read more
          









the acid eaters
            buxom skin-goddess pat barrington (mantis in lace) is just one of the acid eaters a bunch of 9-to-5 working stiffs who become drug-crazed bikers on the weekend! after miss barrington ...read more
          







marihuana
            during the golden age of the roadshow, no exploiteer returned to the drug theme more often that dwain esper. after the infamous short sinister menace and the feature-length narcotic (...read more
          







the devil's sleep
            newspaper headlines denounce a rash epidemic of barbiturate overdoses. even more shocking is that the abusers are juveniles out for cheap kicks.

responding to the rising public out...read more
          







william s. burroughs: a man within
            this engaging documentary profiles the beat generation legend, whose powerful way with words influenced the countercultural movement. scored by patti smith and sonic youth. a man with...read more
          







a crutch for all seasons
            beyond the valley of the doll’s david gurian is among the victims of drugs & alcohol in classroom scare-film "a crutch for all seasons." a 1960's scare film portrays real-life situati...read more
          







the hippie revolt
            something happened alright! it was like a bolt of cultural lightning that split the decade - and america itself - in two. it was a radical change in music, fashions, sensibtlity and p...read more
          









aka tommy chong
            at the height of the bush administration, tommy chong of cheech and chong was charged with selling bongs over the internet and sentenced to nine months in federal prison. as part of t...read more
          







woodstock: 3 days that changed everything
            even now -- maybe especially now -- woodstock has deep, lasting meaning. its mix of music, culture and idealism resonates across the years. it gave youth a voice. it changed the music...read more
          







acapulco gold (1973)
            the fun and fascinating story of harvesting, cultivation and smuggling of marijuana in america.
          







alice in acidland
            in alice in acidland (1969), a wholesome college student succumbs to the temptations of marijuana and becomes a dope-crazed sexual omnivore until she hits rock bottom after taking the...read more
          







bummer! 
            "a far-out trip thru a hard rock tunnel!" take three hot-to-trot groupies, mix well with the seventies l.a. rock scene, add plenty of sex, drugs and violence and watch as it all explodes.
          







catnip: egress to oblivion?
            catnip is all the rage with today’s modern feline, but do we really understand it? is it a source for harmless kicks, or a potentially crippling addiction? is it a tool to expand one’...read more
          





previous
next





view all
tv series










the dr. ruth show
            like long-lost siblings of 1980s late night tv, night flight and dr. ruth are together at last with the start of a collection of vintage episodes that are streaming right now.
          







 other side with zabrecky
            the celebrity séance series hosted by award-winning magician/mentalist/musician/actor rob zabrecky. supernatural hijinks ensue when zabrecky puts celebs like jack black, kate flannery...read more
          







turn of the century
            dame darcy's nyc public access tv freakshow from the roaring 90's arrives on night flight plus! dame darcy, creator of the beloved meat cake comic, hosts this mad world of dolls, ghos...read more
          









wastoids
            baked and fried in the sonoran desert and new york city, wastoids is a throwback to the halcyon days when stoned teenagers could stay up all night watching music videos, loopy comedy,...read more
          







the devil's game
            in 1981, rai-tv presented six hour-long films based on stories by 19th century horror/fantasy authors from veteran italian directors. but it was the mini-series’ second episode that r...read more
          







tales to keep you awake
            the ultimate legacy of writer/director narciso ‘chicho’ ibáñez serrador remains his groundbreaking 1966-1968 televisión española series historias para no dormir. serrador wrote, direc...read more
          









60 minutes australia








all you need is love: the story of popular music
            tony palmer's iconic music series. hailed by john lennon as "a monumental achievement," the 17-part documentary traces the history and influence of popular music from its beginnings t...read more
          







future quest
            let jeff goldblum be your guide to the future. this lost 1994 pbs series is led by experts as they compare the futuristic visions of pop-culturists with the breakthrough advances in s...read more
          









bubblegum crisis
            it is the year 2032 a.d. like a phoenix, the city of megatokyo is rising from the ashes of a devastating earthquake. in the twisted canyons of the megalopolis, the knight sabers, a sm...read more
          







night flight slumber party
            welcome to the night flight slumber party - a pajama-clad podcast hosted by nick prueher of the found footage festival, along with night flight media producer, kara jean. joined by an...read more
          







the hilarious house of frightenstein
            the lost, tripped-out canadian kid's series starring vincent price and produced by hamilton, ontario's independent station chch-tv in 1971. stream 15 episodes of this oddball series a...read more
          









disinformation tv
            the disinformation television series caused quite a stir when it aired on the uk's channel 4. later picked up (and then dropped) by the sci fi channel in the us, this lost cult treasu...read more
          







disinfocon
            featuring kenneth anger, joe coleman, grant morrison and more.
          







jane fonda's workout tapes
            the program that sparked a fitness revolution, made gyms fashionable, & sold mountains of vhs tapes. five tapes from 1982-88.
          









ad police files
            visit the dark side of megatokyo 2027 in three exciting episodes. relentless technological development has resulted in the creation of boomers, artificially intelligent androids with ...read more
          







the vanishing shadow
            a 12-episode universal serial in which a son avenges the death of his father at the hands of corrupt politicians. he develops a wide variety of complex devices in his crusade . . . ra...read more
          







the veil: the complete series
            two years before “thriller,” boris karloff hosted the veil, a never-broadcast ten episode pilot of a tv horror anthology. “the veil” was produced a full year before “the twilight zone...read more
          









tailspin tommy in the great air mystery 
            tailspin tommy is back in a second explosive serial filled with non-stop action, nail-biting suspense, thrilling stunts, and unbelievable special effects. tommy and skeeter try to foi...read more
          





previous
next





view all
short films by sally cruikshank










quasi at the quackadero
            this cult cartoon follows two ducks, quasi and anita, and a pet robot at an amusement park in the future where time travel is exploited. hugely popular in the 1970s, it was named to t...read more
          







face like a frog
            frogs in a haunted house and other assorted craziness! with the feeling of a max fleischer cartoon and an irresistible score and song by danny elfman.
          







make me psychic
            in an alternate universe anita the duck buys a psychic device at a novelty store, declaring “i can make matter obey my will.” this leads to mayhem at a crazy party.
          







quasi’s cabaret trailer
            a “coming attractions” trailer for a movie that was never made, a nightclub of the future with live alligators and a tipsy train that serves drinks. you’ll wish you could go there.
          





previous
next





view all
directed by bruno mattei










shocking dark
            for director bruno mattei and co-writers claudio fragasso & rossella drudi, their final - and most notorious - collaboration went beyond brazen plagiarism to become a fearless act of ...read more
          







zombie 3
            shortly before completing the sequel to his classic zombie, the legendary lucio fulci became ill and left the philippines-based production. but when director bruno mattei (shocking da...read more
          







the other hell
            at the peak of his ‘80s excess, italian sleaze maestro bruno mattei – using the alias ‘stefan oblowsky’ – stunned audiences with this nunsploitation shocker about a series of brutal m...read more
          







robowar
            a year before their jaw-dropper shocking dark, director bruno mattei and co-writers claudio fragasso & rossella drudi first collaborated on this brain-melting mash-up of predator, rob...read more
          







strike commando
            two years before the deranged genius of robowar and shocking dark, writer/director bruno mattei and co-writers claudio fragasso & rossella drudi borrowed from rambo: first blood part ...read more
          







 strike commando 2
            director bruno mattei and screenwriters claudio fragasso & rossella drudi return to the philippine jungles with a higher budget, bigger action and richard harris (yes, that richard ha...read more
          









cop game
            in the final days of the vietnam war, a squad of rogue u.s. soldiers begins slaughtering american officers. but when a tough army investigator (brent huff of strike commando 2) and hi...read more
          







night killer
            somewhere between zombie 4 and troll 2, writer/director claudio fragasso - here under the name 'clyde anderson' - set out to direct a suspense thriller about a suicidal beauty, an uns...read more
          







rats: night of terror
            in the year 225 a.b. (after the bomb), a group of post-apocalyptic bikers discover an abandoned research laboratory filled with food, water... and thousands of rats. but these are no ...read more
          







double target
            when terrorist attacks ravage southeast asia, the u.s. government recruits former loose-cannon commando bob ross (o'keeffe of tarzan the ape man and ator fame) to return to vietnam, h...read more
          







born to fight
            shortly after completing strike commando 2, director bruno mattei, screenwriters claudio fragasso & rossella drudi and stars brent huff & former miss world/bond girl mary stavin immed...read more
          







cruel jaws
            he defied all laws of good taste and international copyright with shocking dark and robowar. he reset the bar for batsh*t crazy italohorror with rats: night of terror and hell of the ...read more
          









hell of the living dead
            an accident at a chemical plant unleashes a horrific virus, and an elite swat team is sent to new guinea to investigate. but when they arrive on the hellish island, they discover a pl...read more
          





previous
next





view all
under review










ac/dc highway to hell: classic album under review
            this film puts the album highway to hell under the spotlight and with the help of those who worked on the record, friends of bon scott, ac/ dc biographers and others who were there at...read more
          







green day - under review 1995-2000 the middle years
            rightly regarded as the founding fathers of pop-punk, green day are also lauded nowadays for their newfound political leanings.  between 1995 and 2000, the band made three of their mo...read more
          







oasis - morning glory: classic album under review
            oasis - (what's the story') morning glory: a classic album under review is a documentary film which revisits and re-assesses this powerhouse of a record. with the use of archive foota...read more
          







keith richards - under review
            he's the baddest of them all, the man with at least nine lives and the most rock n' roll performer since the dawn of time - and we love him for all of it. this dvd features a 2 hour d...read more
          







rolling stones - under review 1975-1983: the ronnie wood years part 1
            after much tribulation, at the end of 1974 ronnie wood arrived to breath new life into the rolling stones. this documentary film covers the stones' career and music between 1975 and 1...read more
          







the who - under review: 1964-1968
            the who - under review 1964-1968 features rare live and studio performances of the band interspersed with the independent review and criticism of a panel of esteemed experts.  these i...read more
          









david bowie: under review 1976-79 "the berlin trilogy"
            david bowie - under review 1976 - 1979 the berlin trilogy features live and studio performances by bowie, rare interviews and a host of other features all interspersed with the indepe...read more
          







u2 achtung baby: classic album under review
            this dvd contains the ultimate review and critical analysis of u2's most pivotal album.  it offers a previously unobtainable level of insight into the band during the recording of the...read more
          







joy division - under review
            this 70-minute documentary covers the entire career of joy division, one of manchester and post-punks most respected bands.  it charts the entire short lifespan of the group, from the...read more
          







syd barrett - under review
            syd barrett - under review features rare live and studio performances from this hugely influential and legendary musician, interspersed with the independent review and criticism from ...read more
          







pink floyd: meddle - a classic album under review
            in-depth review of pink floyd's 1971 album meddle, featuring live and studio performance footage, previously unseen photos and comment and criticism from those in the know.
          







led zeppelin - physical graffiti: a classic album under review
            an expert analysis of zep's most revered record with rare and classic performances, interviews, seldom seen photographs and contributions from those involved. this dvd is a documentar...read more
          









pearl jam - under review
            since bursting out of seattle with 1991's multi-platinum selling 'ten', pearl jam have become one of the finest rock bands in the world today. eddie vedder & co. set about reconstruct...read more
          







tom waits - under review: 1983-2006
            an 80 minute documentary film which looks at this extraordinary musician and performer's music from 1983 through 2006. after waits' marriage to katherine brennan in 1980, his music be...read more
          







bruce springsteen - under review 1978-1982: tales of the working man
            although bruce springsteen's huge body of work has had its highs and its not so highs, there is one distinct period within his career that remains, almost inarguably, his most creativ...read more
          







queen - under review 1980-1991
            in the 1980s queen became the confident, mature yet still challenging band they'd always threatened to be. unlike many groups who'd broken through in the early 1970s, queen were unaff...read more
          







david bowie - the calm before the storm
            the definitive '69 to '71 era david bowie documentary film. his film documents bowie's career from the start, but focuses most notably on the period during which he made his second al...read more
          







the beatles - strange fruit: the beatles' apple records
            in 1968, under a haze of publicity, the beatles opened their collective door to all manner of musicians, writers, artists, film-makers, inventors, designers, freaks and more than a fa...read more
          





previous
next





view all
snub tv










night flight - snub tv (episode 2)
            welcome to snub tv, night flight's exclusive look at england's independent music scene. host brenda kelly introduces "grebo rock" the new wave of english music with pop will eat itsel...read more
          







night flight - snub tv (episode 3)
            "welcome to london, the tower bridge... and snub" night flight's window into london's underground music scene returns. tonight, host brenda kelly introduces the newest wave of british...read more
          







night flight - snub tv (episode 4)
            shot in england for night flight, snub tv brought us up-to-the-minute reports from the british independent music scene (and sometimes beyond.) in this episode, host brenda kelly focus...read more
          







night flight - snub tv (episode 5)
            "what you're about to see is unlike anything else you've seen before: snub!" pat prescott says at the introduction to episode 5 of '80s british alternative music series. this takeover...read more
          







night flight - snub tv (episode 8)
            snub tv returns tonight and continues its mission of “rescuing america from the drug of the nation: mediocre music television!” new episodes have been arriving from the archives of th...read more
          







night flight - snub tv (unlabeled show)
            this episode of snub tv aired on night flight in 1988 and features live performances from murphy's law and chuck d & public enemy, plus videos from diamanda galás, yello and more. it ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
new restorations: dick tracy serials & specials










dick tracy's g-men
            nicholas zarnoff, master spy and the most hated man on earth, is sentenced to die in the gas chamber. by using a secret drug, which does not permit the gas to enter his lungs, zarnoff...read more
          







dick tracy vs. crime, inc.
            chester gould modeled his famous comic strip sleuth on the features of square-jawed actor jack holt, but it is ralph byrd who became the definitive dick tracy on the big screen. in th...read more
          







dick tracy rko classics collection
            an action-packed collection of dick tracy hour-long adventures made by the rko pictures from 1945 thru 1947.
          





previous
next





view all
short films










night flight's 1980s shorts
            selected short films from the night flight original library featuring filmmakers from around the world working in a variety of mediums.
          







travelling distribution
            since 2007, travelling is a pioneer in short film distribution, both in quebec and internationally. with a catalog of more than 200 hand-picked titles including brotherhood (oscar® no...read more
          







sixpackfilm
            sixpackfilm was founded in 1990 as a non-profit organization. the task undertaken by sixpackfilm is to secure an audience for austrian film and video art, both inside austria and abroad. 
          









oscilloscope shorts
            oscilloscope laboratories is an independent film company, distributor, recording studio and production facility. it was founded by adam yauch.
          







shorts by kelly gallagher
            kelly has been producing original and colorful handcrafted films and animations for over a decade that explore overlooked histories and movements of resistance. 
          







shorts by jeff krulik
            washington dc-based director/producer jeff krulik, known to night flight fans as the creator of heavy metal parking lot, has screened at the museum of modern art, lincoln center, the ...read more
          









shorts by calvin lee reeder
            calvin lee reeder is a writer, director, and occasional actor known for his inventive and unconventional work. his films have won awards at sundance, sxsw, afi, fantastic fest, and others. 
          







shorts by danny plotnick
            danny plotnick roared into the underground film world in the 1980s. fueled by his love of alternative culture, his films were infused with the diy spirit of the times.
          





previous
next





view all
the dungeon of andy milligan










the rats are coming! the werewolves are here!
            the mooney's are a typical english family, except for one tiny detail... they're all werewolves. one member of the family is of a mind to change their legacy, which stirs up family dr...read more
          







torture dungeon
            a deranged duke (gerald jacuzzo) plots to murder every living heir to the throne of england in a plot to acquire the crown for himself. 42nd street luminary andy milligan uses his sta...read more
          







bloodthirsty butchers
            the tale of sweeney todd, as only exploitation film veteran andy milligan could reimagine it. murderous barber sweeney (john miranda) supplies raw meat for pie shop proprietor mrs. lo...read more
          







legacy of blood
            three sisters travel to a remote inn to hear the reading of their uncle's will, and a mysterious killer begins picking off the heirs one by one. a partial remake of his earlier film t...read more
          







the man with two heads
            an adaptation of robert louis stevenson's strange case of dr. jekyll and mr. hyde from the warped perspective of outsider filmmaking legend andy milligan. the life of dr. william jeky...read more
          





previous
next





view all
the films of el santo










santo and the vengeance of the mummy
            when our favorite mexican uber wrestler and superhero santo and his cronies discover the long-lost tomb of a mummified aztec warrior, they unleash an ancient curse that begins claimin...read more
          







santo in the treasure of dracula
            brave and ingenious santo gets his girlfriend to be the first to travel backwards in time to her past life as a colonial babe turned vampire. rescued before her demise at the hands of...read more
          







santo vs. the riders of terror
            six patients have escaped from the leper’s sanatorium of st. lazarus. galloping on their horses, they come to a small town to wreak havoc among its residents, fearful of contagion. th...read more
          







santo & mantequilla in the revenge of la llorona
            it’s up to masked wrestling superstar santo and boxing legend [josé] “mantequilla” nápoles to keep an ancient evil from murdering innocent children in this classic mexican horror flic...read more
          







santo & blue demon vs. dr. frankenstein
            when it’s discovered that their friend alicia is to be the next target of dr. frankenstein, who is kidnapping innocent women for brain transplant experiments in an attempt to bring ba...read more
          







santo in the treasure of dracula (sexy vampire version)
            after inventing a time machine, mexican wrestler, el santo, uses it to go back in time to track down the location of dracula's hidden treasure. this is with the noble intention of usi...read more
          









santo & blue demon vs. dracula & the wolf man
            masked super-hero mexican wrestler santo teams up with his sidekick blue demon for tag team wrestling/monster fighting in this classic lucha libre film. after facing defeat at the han...read more
          







santo vs. frankenstein's daughter
            dr. freda frankenstein (gina romand) and her assistant, dr. yanco (roberto canedo), try to find the formula for an elixir that enables them to achieve eternal youth. the only problem ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
night flight ifc series










night flight on ifc - episode 1
            heavy metal and punk. classic interviews featuring legends of heavy metal and punk rock. late night tv from the 80s never felt so good. features animation, rock gods, pop culture icon...read more
          







night flight on ifc - episode 2
            hard rock metal and video music pioneers. featuring cartoons, pop culture icons, and a divine drag queen.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 3
            movie star president and shock rock. cult films, retro animation and a visit from the shock rock goddess herself. features retro animation, cult video, and candid interviews.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 4
            ny punk and spaceman. two titans of modern music stop by with candid interviews and rare performance footage.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 5
            avant-garde experimenters and the blues. a close look at an anonymous group of video experimenters and two influential blues guitarists.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 6
            hardcore punk and australian invasion. watch rare footage of groundbreaking hardcore punk and get to know australia's biggest rock band with exclusive interviews.
          









night flight on ifc - episode 7
            iconic horror and d.c. punk. a jekyll and hyde-like interview with one of horror's most infamous villains and a retrospective of the washington d.c. punk scene of the 1980s.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 8
            rock photography and nyc hip hop. a look behind the camera that captured rock n’ roll and a visit from a new york grandmaster. 
          







night flight on ifc - episode 9
            rock on the road. guitar tips from a master of the art and tour footage with a powerhouse vocalist and her conflicted partner.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 10
            the electronic revolution. the bands that brought the synthesizer out of the avant-garde and into the pop stratosphere.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 11
            virtuoso frontmen. two of the most feverishly creative frontmen in modern music history stop by the night flight studios.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 12
            art pop and rock muses. a seductive take on pop music and the cosmopolitan lovers that inspired it.
          









night flight on ifc - episode 13
            the who and the damned. a look at one of 80s punk’s rare surviving acts and a 1960s songwriting icon.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 14
            the heartbreakers. a close look at a recently lost rock icon and a glam-punk bard. both were known to have broken a heart or two. 
          







night flight on ifc - episode 15
            pop poetry. lyrical sophistication and songwriting elegance define two of modern music’s most compelling figures.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 16
            addicted. escape to “unreality” with late ‘80s alt rock and get hooked on love with a stylish soul soloist.
          







night flight on ifc - episode 17
            vocal vanguards. a pop heir charts his own course and a look at the career of rock’s vanguard vocalist and song stylist.
          





previous
next





view all
punk the capital: feature film & bonus materials










punk the capital: building a sound movement
            a monumental documentary about the rise of punk rock in the town that needed it most... washington d.c. when punk rock erupted in washington dc, it was a mighty convergence of powerfu...read more
          







punk the capital: dc’s seminal cramps concert
            this 1979 cramps concert set the dc punk scene on its trajectory. future members of fugazi, bad brains and others were in attendance. the hardcore punk pioneers-to-be were both blow a...read more
          







punk the capital: scream meets the hangmen
            the origin story of d.c.’s longest lasting hardcore band, scream. the short film dives into the legendary band’s deep connections with dc’s 1960s garage band scene and the revolutiona...read more
          









punk the capital: the slickee boys
            the slickee boys were the ogs of dc punk before hardcore exploded in dc. there was too much amazing stuff about the slickee boys to fit into punk the capital so here’s more! featuring...read more
          







punk the capital: void and friends
            a portrait of dc’s cult hardcore band void. they came out of nowhere and became one of the strangest, most intense and influential hardcore bands of all time. featuring: henry rollins...read more
          





previous
next





view all
vhs video magazines










slammin' rap video magazine
            here are the acts you're going to be meeting in the premiere issue of "rap's #1 video magazine.": ice t takes us for a spin in his ferrari, queen latifah lets us into her "queendom" t...read more
          







metalhead video magazine
            night flight creator stuart s. shapiro's, metalhead video magazine (1990-1992): metalhead is one wild ride down the hardest rocking highway, with backstage posses, exclusive and furio...read more
          







country music video magazine
            "call it hillbilly, rockabilly, boogie or bluegrass swing, progressive or neo-traditional–call it anything, but keep it country!" country music video magazine (1990) is 60 minutes of ...read more
          









more video magazines
            bored with clueless music magazines? fed up with tame, predictable tv programming? here’s more explosive vhs video magazine's from night flight creator stuart s. shapiro that you can ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
behind the scenes: docs that define a culture










barbara rubin and the exploding ny underground
            made when she was just 18 years old, barbara rubin's art-porn masterpiece christmas on earth (1963-65) shocked nyc's experimental film scene and inspired nyc's thriving underground. f...read more
          







melody makers
            this documentary takes you behind the scenes to explode the myths, honor the legends, and reveal the incredible stories and never-before-seen photographs of rock giants like mick jagg...read more
          







wall writers
            wall writers is the story of the birth of graffiti from philadelphia and new york city during 1967 to 1973, narrated by the legendary john waters. the documentary explores graffiti’s ...read more
          







last shop standing
            last shop standing charts the rapid rise of record shops in the 1960’s, 70’s and 80’s, the influence of the chart, the underhand deals, the demise of vinyl and rise of the cd as well ...read more
          







blood & steel: cedar crest country club
            in the middle of nowhere lived an unexpected piece of skateboarding and punk music history: the crest, a skateboarding mecca of the 80's tucked in the suburbs of the nation's capital....read more
          







adjust your tracking: the untold story of the vhs collector 
            over 100 collectors, filmmakers, producers, and video store owners express how vhs changed their lives. some see vhs as worthless plastic, but adjust your tracking shows a vibrant wor...read more
          









if it ain't cheap, it ain't punk: fifteen years of plan-it x records
            over the last fourteen years, plan-it x records helped foster a huge cultural revolution -- uniting geographically divided diy punk communities under one umbrella. with a united ethic...read more
          







pirates of the airwaves the wsou story
            wsou 89.5 fm seton hall university's pirate radio has broadcasted for 65+ years & 25 of those years with a metal format! we love a great underdog story, and the history of wsou flows ...read more
          







dope guns & f*cking up your video deck
            from the mid 80-s through the mid 90's, amphetamine reptile records defined the term "underground." for blistering genre-creating sounds, graphics and attitude, amrep had no equal. th...read more
          







between resistance & community: the long island do-it-yourself punk scene
            this original documentary focuses on a group of kids who have built a community around a love of music and a passion for creating an alternative to dominant consumerist society. by pu...read more
          







life on the v: the story of v66
            in the early 1980s, massachusetts radio personality john garabedian came up with a plan to launch a tv channel to function as music television for the boston-based college crowd. his ...read more
          







$100 & a t-shirt: a documentary about zines in the northwest
            in just under an hour, "$loo & a t-shirt" brings zine culture to life! using broken and borrowed equipment, joe biel illuminates the world of self-publishing. he gives us glimpses of ...read more
          









i need that record! the death (or possible survival) of the independent record store
            guerilla filmmaker brendan toller unleashes i need that record! the death (or possible survival) of the independent record store, "an elegy for a vanishing subculture...a lively, bitt...read more
          







pride and joy: the story of alligator records
             director robert mugge, having recently made the film deep blues (1991) about the blues traditions of mississippi, decided to follow up with a tribute to alligator and its roster of t...read more
          







records collecting dust ii
            records collecting dust ii focuses on the east coast cities of boston, new york and washington dc and includes in depth interviews with twenty eight highly influential people from the...read more
          







chameleon club documentary
            see what would become a legendary music venue in lancaster, pa through 20 plus years of music, politics, and success. told by the staff and musicians including live, august burns red,...read more
          







records collecting dust
            written and directed by san diego based musician and filmmaker jason blackmore, records collecting dust documents the vinyl record collections, origins, and holy grails of alternative...read more
          







x-ray visions: a look inside portland's legendary x-ray cafe
            an in-depth account of the life and times of one of the most important cultural epicenters in portland's history, "x-ray visions" tells the story of the x-ray café, r.i.p. 1994. did y...read more
          





previous
next





view all
arbelos films










the juniper tree
            set in medieval iceland, the juniper tree follows margit (björk in a riveting performance) and her older sister katla (bryndis petra bragadottir) as they flee for safety after their m...read more
          







elektro moskva
            welcome to elektro moskva, a weird and definitely wired world of avant-garde rock musicians, diy circuit benders, vodka-swilling dealers and urban archaeologists/collectors, all fasci...read more
          







the films of marcell jankovics
            son of the white mare is a swirling, color-mad maelstrom of mythic monsters and scythian heroes, part-nibelungenlied, part-yellow submarine, lit by jagged bolts of lightning and drenc...read more
          









the last movie
            dennis hopper’s radical, much-mythologized lost masterpiece – widely unseen for nearly 50 years until now.
          







private property
            long-lost 1960 film noir gem written & directed by the outer limits creator leslie stevens.
          







funeral parade of roses
            director toshio matsumoto’s shattering, kaleidoscopic masterpiece is one of the most subversive and intoxicating films of the late 1960s: a headlong dive into a dazzling, unseen tokyo...read more
          









mutual appreciation
            an instant critic’s darling upon its release in 2006, mutual appreciation is at once an utterly timeless and distinctly mid-aughts portrait of the ebb and flow of twenty-something lif...read more
          







giuseppe makes a movie
            a wildly surreal, outrageously funny and strangely touching portrait of a truly outsider artist/filmmaker, giuseppe andrews.
          





previous
next





view all
the films of rick sloane










the visitants
            rick sloane's the visitants (1986) is set in the neon colored 1950s and chronicles the hi-jinx which ensue following the theft of a ray gun by a teenage boy from his bizarre neighbors...read more
          







hobgoblins
            be careful what you wish for... you just might get it! nothing attracts attention more than a sealed box... and old mccreedy, the studio's night watchman, should have known that he wa...read more
          







vice academy
            following the trend of raunchy direct-to-video sex comedies popularized in the early to mid 80s, director rick sloane (hobgoblins) decided to take his own stab at the sub-genre, creat...read more
          







vice academy part 2
            the vice girls are back! didi (linnea quigley) and holly (ginger lynn allen) are vice cops on their first assignment. arch-villainess spanish fly (marina benvenga) is threatening to p...read more
          







vice academy part  3
            a full-on comedy assault! holly (ginger lynn allen) and candy (elizabeth kaitan) are getting off on a new adventure. warped by a toxic accident, malathion (julia parton) is on a rampa...read more
          







vice academy part 4
            two female cops from a hilariously kooky vice squad look for a gonzo female prisoner who escaped electro-shock and is gleefully assaulting citizens. 
          









vice academy part 5
            what starts as a dirty computer game, becomes a hilarious series of crimes, when the commissioner's son, irwin, accidentally unleashes a virtual reality hooker from his computer. vice...read more
          







vice academy part 6
            vice cops candy and traci meet ‘the bikini robbers’ who are armed inside a bank. the thieves escape with loot after a wild shoot-out. the commissioner and the instructor enlist intern...read more
          







mind, body and soul
            ginger lynn allen and wings hauser star in this supernatural, erotic thriller directed by rick sloane. all brenda wants is a normal life with a normal boyfriend, but she soon finds th...read more
          





previous
next





view all
metal and hard rock










death by metal
            here comes death's probing and pulsing rock doc, death by metal, pulling back the palm fronds of death's origins in altamonte springs, florida, and latching a narrative hook into the ...read more
          







heavy metal parking lot
            john heyn and jeff krulik filmed judas priest fans in a concert arena parking lot in suburban maryland. thirty years later, heavy metal parking lot is hailed as one the greatest rock ...read more
          







black sabbath - up close and personal
            drawing on archive film of black sabbath in performance, and first hand accounts from band members glenn hughes and geezer butler we strip away the veneer to see what made the band wh...read more
          







black metal: the music of satan
            cult director bill zebub wanted to prove a documentary about black metal could still be entertaining without using sensationalism. you get to see most artists express themselves candi...read more
          







kiss loves you
            ten years in the making, kiss loves you is a film that began back in 1994 when the band kiss was at a career low and kiss fans around the world were starting tribute bands, uniting at...read more
          







mean man: the story of chris holmes
            the story of an iconic guitar player who has lived a life of extreme highs and lows. after losing the publishing rights of his own songs and combatting dangerous addictions, the legen...read more
          









megadeth: a night in buenos aires
            megadeth founder dave mustaine leads his band through several of the groups best loved tracks including "symphony of destruction," "tornado of souls," and "holy wars...the punishment ...read more
          







murder in the front row: the san francisco bay area thrash metal story
            in the early 1980's, a small group of dedicated bay area headbangers shunned the hard rock of mtv and hollywood hairspray bands in favor of a more dangerous brand of metal that became...read more
          







metallica - phantom puppets
            this dvd contains many never-seen-before interviews of metal icons metallica, exploring the true lives of these larger-than-life heroes.  the footage reveals how the biggest phenomena...read more
          







inside metal: pioneers of l.a. hard rock and metal
            inside metal is an original documentary series dedicated to heavy metal music and its diverse array of musical styles and genres. features lars ulrich (metallica), stephen pearcy (rat...read more
          







ac/dc - classic album under review: back in black
            this film documentary is the ultimate review and critical analysis of ac/dcs most influential and successful album. with the entire album dissected track by track, and with rare foota...read more
          







iron maiden - legacy of the beast unauthorized
            on 'iron maiden: the legacy of the beast' we go behind the music to discover what it took for this unlikely group of headbangers to remain kings of the metal scene for over two decade...read more
          









ac/dc highway to hell: classic album under review
            this film puts the album highway to hell under the spotlight and with the help of those who worked on the record, friends of bon scott, ac/ dc biographers and others who were there at...read more
          







kiss - interviews
            rare interviews and exclusive uncut interviews. plus promotional footage, former band members personal footage and crew members personal footage from the road.
          







ozzy osbourne - crown prince of darkness unauthorized
            this 70 minute documentary uses interviews with ozzy and those closest to him, along with previously unseen footage, revealing the true, often misunderstood, story of the madman of ro...read more
          







iron maiden - interviews
            iron maiden is interviewed and gives a very candid look into what makes them great, the fans! see interviews and exclusive footage only seen on this dvd licensed from the source! inte...read more
          







axl rose - the prettiest star unauthorized
            axl rose - the prettiest star is the first ever documentary to reveal the true story of axls life and career, from his earliest days growing up in lafayette, indiana, through his esca...read more
          







inside metal: the la metal scene explodes
            inside metal is a riveting documentary series dedicated to heavy metal music and its diverse array of musical styles and genres. la metal scene explodes is the second, two-volume titl...read more
          





previous
next





view all
horror










horror: italian giallos & eurocrime
            the goriest and most stylish films from italy featuring legendary directors such as lucio fulci and dario argento.
          







horror: witches & vampires
            the children of the night get their day in the sun with this collection of blood suckers cauldron-stirrers.
          







horror: cannibals & flesh-eating zombies
            the ultimate taboo and the ultimate nightmare: isolated cannibals and vicious zombies join forces for a collection of our most brain-hungry films.
          









horror: demons & devil worshippers
            black magic and poltergeists haunt the (mostly) innocent in a series of truly demonic films.
          







horror: aliens, robots, kaiju & post-nuke sci-fi meltdowns
            rubber suits and post-apocalyptic wastelands galore as humankind fights for survival against existential threats.
          







horror: gothic horror & haunted houses
            strap in for some truly spooky houses, full of dark attics and candelabras.
          









horror: ghosts, supernatural & paranormal
            a collection of the things that go bump in the night!
          







horror: psycho nazis & mutants
            where wwii and exploitation films meet in some truly trashy films.
          







horror: bigfoot hunters & drive-in sleaze
            join the search for the legendary sasquatch, along with other drive-in monstrosities, in these low-budget cult classics.
          









horror: slashers & psycho killers
            coeds and more get creatively slaughtered by masked killers for your entertainment in night flight’s best slasher films.
          





previous
next





view all
alternative rock & grunge










nirvana - in utero: under review
            featuring live and studio performances by nirvana, rare interviews, and a host of other features, all interspersed with independent review and criticism from a panel of experts. these...read more
          







the melvins: salad of a thousand delights
            a testament to those who have ever enjoyed the massive power of the melvins and pure music.  salad of a thousand delights was shot on may 16, 1991 at the intimate north shore surf clu...read more
          







the colossus of destiny: a melvins tale
            this documentary follows the band's history, with rare behind-the-scenes both past and present.

the colossus of destiny - a melvins tale" is a film about a band who have defied all...read more
          







nirvana: up close and personal
            very few bands have had a musical and social impact on the world; however, in its short but monumental career nirvana certainly did both. this film features powerful footage of the ba...read more
          







nirvana - teen spirit interviews
            through many up-close-and-personal interviews, this compilation documents how nirvana connected with a generation and changed the face of rock and roll. they first exploded into the m...read more
          







l7 - pretend we're dead
            l7: pretend we're dead takes us on an all-access journey into the 1990's grunge movement that took the world by storm, and the band that helped define it as the genre of a generation....read more
          









i'm now: the story of mudhoney
            this documentary tells the story of mudhoney from their very beginnings, to following them on their recent world tour and everything in between. complete with testimonials from friend...read more
          







rye coalition - the story of the hard luck 5
            rye coalition are best friends who met in high school and began playing music together in the early 90s. the obstacles they faced as a band earned them the moniker the hard luck 5. de...read more
          







tad - busted circuits and ringing ears
            this dvd spans the entire career of tad, featuring archival live footage, interviews, music videos, and lost footage, as well as new footage and interviews with the band members and k...read more
          







dinosaur jr. - bug live at 9:30 club: in the hands of the fans
            through an online contest, six fans are selected to film dinosaur jr. performing "bug" in its entirety at the 9:30 club in washington dc, june 2011.  under the awesome direction of da...read more
          







deftones - death by decibels unauthorized
            on 'deftones: death by decibels' we go behind the music to discover what it took for this unlikely group of friends from america's west coast to simultaneously create a new musical mo...read more
          







andrew w.k. - who knows? live in concert: 2001-2004
            at the beginning of 2000, a man calling himself andrew w.k.  seemed to appear out of nowhere in an explosion of soaking-white electricity.  he presented a performance designed to insp...read more
          









strokes - new york stories unauthorized
            since exploding onto the scene the strokes have given rock music the strangling it so badly needed.  not only have they won the hearts and minds of the music press and alternative cro...read more
          







muse - under review
            features rare footage, news clips, location shoots, videos, seldom seen photographs and much more! this film looks at muse's entire career, and by using rare performance and interview...read more
          







jane's addiction - alive at 25
            the legendary band, jane's addiction performs their 2x platinum alt-rock masterpiece album in it's entirety, along with the bands biggest hits- igniting the stage at the irvine meadow...read more
          







pearl jam - under review
            since bursting out of seattle with 1991's multi-platinum selling 'ten', pearl jam have become one of the finest rock bands in the world today. eddie vedder & co. set about reconstruct...read more
          







green day - under review 1995-2000 the middle years
            rightly regarded as the founding fathers of pop-punk, green day are also lauded nowadays for their newfound political leanings.  between 1995 and 2000, the band made three of their mo...read more
          







no alternative
            starring michaela cavazos, conor proft, chloe levine, harry hamlin and kathryn erbe.

thomas harrison is determined to start his own alternative band after the suicide of kurt cobai...read more
          





previous
next





view all
pink floyd: deep dive










pink floyd: the piper at the gates of dawn
            this film examines pink floyd’s debut album, which epitomized the year 1967 and is considered to be a prime example of english psychedelia.
          







pink floyd: a saucerful of secrets
            we explore the music and making of pink floyd's second album through archival and original interviews with the band members and fellow artists.
          







pink floyd: ummagumma
            this album review features live performances by pink floyd and interviews with the band plus the views of critics, musicians and musicologists alike.

          







pink floyd: meddle
            originally released in 1971, meddle was the first great album of the post-syd barrett era, listen to a critical review of journalists and musicians on this breakthrough album.
          







pink floyd: dark side of the moon
            this film brings you the first-hand recollections of the band members selected from film and radio archives worldwide alongside classic performance footage. also features interviews w...read more
          





previous
next





view all
new wave, electronic & synth pop










lene lovich - live from new york at studio 54
            this dvd includes a rare performance from the always intriguing lene lovich, with thomas dolby on synthesizer, at studio 54 in nyc on december 4, 1981. on this night, lovich projected...read more
          







depeche mode - the dark progression unauthorized
            this brand new documentary film traces the almost surreal development of depeche mode from their flirtations with new romanticism at the dawn of their career, through the urban indust...read more
          







night flight - devo video vault and new age
            only night flight could find a way to program classic devo cuts with soothing mystical new age. relive that original programming style tonight by climbing into night flight's video va...read more
          







devo - live butch devo and the sundance gig
            "in january of '96, we closed sundance film festival. we wore 20s style prison suits and dished out classic devo songs to an unsuspecting audience of hollywood elite," devo's jerry ca...read more
          







devo - live in the land of the rising sun, japan 2003
            "from a stage super-heated by over-the-top, rock 'n roll cliche lighting, devo faced a sea of asian gen x'ers in a 100 degree plus fahrenheit venue in the bowels of tokyo, japan. the ...read more
          







jerry casale interviews gerald v. casale
            jerry casale sits down with gerald v. casale for a revealing interview about the political origins of devo and the entropic underpinnings of devolution. an excellent self interview in...read more
          









devo - the men who make the music
            the men who make the music combines concert footage from devo's 1978 tour with music videos and testimonials featuring a vague story about devo's rocky relationship with "big entertainment."

          







kraftwerk and the electronic revolution
            as innovative as they are influential, kraftwerk's contribution to the development of electronic music since their formation in 1970 remains unsurpassed. having inspired everyone from...read more
          







joy division - under review
            this 70-minute documentary covers the entire career of joy division, one of manchester and post-punks most respected bands.  it charts the entire short lifespan of the group, from the...read more
          







brian eno 1971-1977: the man who fell to earth
            this documentary film - the first ever about eno - explores his life, career and music between the years 1971 & 1977, the period that some view as his golden age. featuring numerous e...read more
          







devo - the complete truth about de-evolution
            devo, the seminal concept band, made a career out of setting to music video their dada-gone-camp theory of de-evolution and its rebuke of corporate culture. this is a comprehensive co...read more
          







vangelis and the journey to ithaka
            a night flight plus exclusive: from music film director tony palmer comes an extraordinary inside look at the life and music of vangelis. it’s hard to escape the music of vangelis. hi...read more
          









devo - live 1980
            this rare footage has been compiled from a full-length show at the phoenix theater in petaluma, ca in 1980.  songs include its not right, pink pussycat, whip it, girl u want, (i cant ...read more
          







roxy music: inside 1972-1974
            an incisive documentary of how roxy music hit the ground with four albums in two years. featuring rare archive footage of the band in performance alongside the views of leading critic...read more
          





previous
next





view all
classic rock & folk










yessongs
            yes has always been regarded as a unique rock group and progressive rock legends. never afraid to innovate or draw their inspiration from music that traversed the spectrum from sympho...read more
          







us festival 1983: days 1-3
            the ultimate concert took place on memorial day weekend 1983. curated by steve wozniak (apple computers), the 3 days of new wave, heavy metal and rock are legendary. features performa...read more
          







ike & tina turner - on the road: 1971-72
            in the early 70's, legendary rock photographer bob gruen and his wife nadya toured with ike & tina turner and filmed them performing, on the road, and behind the scenes. now for the f...read more
          







i'll never forget you: the last 72 hours of lynyrd skynyrd
            at the height of its fame in 1977, the popular southern rock band, lynyrd skynyrd, was struck with tragedy--a plane crash that killed the band's founder and lead singer ronnie van zan...read more
          







bob dylan and the band: down in the flood
            this is the story of bob dylan and the band, the legendary amateur recordings that they made together in woodstock, their re-invention of american music and their continued relationsh...read more
          







allman brothers - after the crash
            from the producers and directors of the critically acclaimed song of the south - duane allman & the rise of the allman brothers band, this film takes the story of the post-duane years...read more
          









david bowie: the plastic soul review
            this film examines bowie's plastic soul era... an era just as creative, magnificent and popular as any other during his life so far, yet one rarely considered as a stand-alone and sep...read more
          







leonard cohen's lonesome heroes
            lenny's heroes. although it can be difficult to detect the influences in the work of leonard cohen, he was informed by a far-reaching list of musicians, writers, poets and philosophie...read more
          







jimi hendrix: smash hits
            smash hits was the only compilation made prior to hendrix’s death and in this retrospective, you can experience the best of the music in the company of jimi’s contemporaries and leading critics.
          







bowie, iggy & lou, the sacred triangle:  1971- 1973
            by 1971 david bowie was branded a one-hit-wonder, lou reed was considered washed up following a disastrous debut and iggy pop was seen as merely a drug crazed ex-stooge. but a meeting...read more
          







led zeppelin - physical graffiti: a classic album under review
            an expert analysis of zep's most revered record with rare and classic performances, interviews, seldom seen photographs and contributions from those involved. this dvd is a documentar...read more
          







frank zappa - the freak out list
            frank zappa published a record of his most important influences on the inside cover of his debut album. this film explores the musical roots of frank zappa by putting the freak out li...read more
          









bob dylan - roads rapidly changing
            in 1940, new york city became the centre of activity for an emerging folk scene. alongside leading lights such as lead belly and josh white were two white musicians and performers, pe...read more
          







bruce springsteen - under the influence
            features footage of bruce and all of his favorites, alongside revealing archive interviews with the boss himself, and much more. under the influence examines the foundations of spring...read more
          







van morrison - a glorious decade (1964-1974)
            if there's one artist from the rock age who has followed the path of most resistance in his quest to make the art he alone wishes to make, that artist is van morrison. and having now ...read more
          







bruce springsteen - under review 1978-1982: tales of the working man
            although bruce springsteen's huge body of work has had its highs and its not so highs, there is one distinct period within his career that remains, almost inarguably, his most creativ...read more
          







led zeppelin - origin of the species unauthorized
            this 70-minute film covers the years of struggling before led zeppelin: the session studios and amateur band scene of the 1960s. it then focusses on the modest success of outfits like...read more
          







tubes: live at german television - the musikladen concert 1981
            the fantastic concert of the tubes presenting their album "completion backward principle " in the studios of radio bremen, germany in 1981. the concert was completely filmed and shows...read more
          





previous
next





view all
noise rock, industrial & experimental










glenn branca - symphony nos.8 & 10: live at the kitchen
            symphony no.  8 (the mystery): first movement (passion), second movement (spiritual anarchy) - composed in 1992 symphony no.  10 (the mystery part 2), first movement (the final proble...read more
          







captain beefheart - under review
            a two hour documentary film tracing the roots and history of this iconic musical legend. it features rare live and studio performances of beefheart, interspersed with contributions fr...read more
          







derailroaded: inside the mind of larry wild man fischer
            derailroaded follows larry "wild man" fischer's discordant encounters in the music business. institutionalized at 16 after attacking his mother with a knife, fischer wandered the mean...read more
          







the jesus lizard - club
            underground heavyweights the jesus lizard return to the stage and this dvd is from the first show of their reunion tour. the original band was untouchable back in the '90s and are the...read more
          







borbetomagus - a pollock of sound
            borbetomagus: a pollock of sound is the first feature-length documentary about the legendary improv / noise group borbetomagus. filmmaker jef mertens brings a raw, urgent, and unpolis...read more
          







the weird world of blowfly
            this film explores both sides of this hilarious and controversial artist, providing a rare, inside peek at the infamous linguist's daily life. now 69-years-old, with a gold-spangled s...read more
          









the residents - talking light: bimbo's
            the inspiration behind the talking light tour is the residents' fascination with spooky stories.  all of these ghost stories share a common theme, which ultimately asks the question: ...read more
          







jesus lizard live - 1994
            twenty minutes of raw live footage  of the band playing to a packed and frenzied crowd at venus de milo in boston. the band's workman like approach to their taunt, pummeling sound is ...read more
          







brainiac - transmissions after zero
            in the mid 90's the dayton, oh music scene became a hot spot generating worldwide buzz from the influential indie rock being produced there (the breeders, guided by voices). arguably ...read more
          







the residents - commercial dvd
            the residents had recorded their album, the commercial album, in 1980.  it contained 40 one-minute tunes. the dvd version of this required enlisting many talented film-makers from aro...read more
          







psychic tv - black joy
            described by some as a video masterpiece, black joy is a colorful and artistic mix capturing psychic tv in a number of guises. this film includes 2 full length programs previously ava...read more
          





previous
next





view all
madchester, brit pop & misc. uk music docs










manchester sound: happy mondays & friends at cities in the park
            back in 1991, just before the sad demise of factory records, there was 'cities in the park', an outdoor event over 2 days, staged at manchester's heaton park. bands include: a certain...read more
          







oasis - morning glory: classic album under review
            oasis - (what's the story') morning glory: a classic album under review is a documentary film which revisits and re-assesses this powerhouse of a record. with the use of archive foota...read more
          







the smiths: still ill
            this dvd contains an incredible amount of insight into the two songwriting talents of the smiths: morrissey and johnny marr.  seen here for the first time is a less-than-usual guarded...read more
          







kate bush - under review
            this 90-minute film reviews the music and career of one of the world's most influential performers, singers and songwriters; arguably the most unique female artist ever. it includes r...read more
          







the smiths: under review
            the smiths - under review is a 90 minute documentary film covering the full story and music of the smiths. it features rare musical performances, videos, tv appearances, interviews wi...read more
          







stone roses - made of stone
            with unprecedented access to previously unseen archive footage, made of stone is a revealing journey through the life of one of the most revered and influential bands in british music...read more
          









morrissey - the jewel in the crown
            from those early days as a bedroom dwelling new york dolls fanatic writing to the nme on a regular basis, through the heady smiths era when he barely put a foot wrong, and across his ...read more
          







my life with morrissey
            jackie, a hard working assistant at a tv studio, pours herself into her work with an odd enthusiasm that her co-workers embrace with mixed feelings. with mixed feelings. an obsessed m...read more
          







pulp: a film about life, death and supermarkets
             as much a testament to the band as it is to the city and inhabitants of sheffield, pulp weaves exclusive concert footage with man-on-the-street interviews and dreamy staged sequences...read more
          





previous
next





view all
oddball obscurities & vintage weirdos










pornstar pets
            this film explores the emotional lives of 22 of the biggest adult film stars through their interaction with various family pets.  airforce amy, brittany andrews, violet blue, kim cham...read more
          







outsiders - the skin horse: john samson
            part of the "outsiders" series: the skin horse (1983) - 52 mins - focusing on the outsiders club, a dating agency for disabled people, it deconstructs popular imagery of the handicapp...read more
          







what's the t?
            what "paris is burning" was to drag balls - "what's the t'" is to transgender life -- a documentary that explores the challenges, successes and lives of five transgender women; a mult...read more
          







the threee geniuses: the re-death of psychedelia
            rightfully dubbed "the most intentionally psychedelic show on cable tv" (la weekly), the threee geniuses: the re-death of psychedlia is the ultimate televised freak-out. thought a maj...read more
          







doin' time in times square
            despite the success of charlie ahearn's seminal hip-hop film wild style, he turned from narrative film to painting and video art for most of the 1980s and 1990s. in 1991, he created a...read more
          







the boot factory
            documentarian lech kowalski, while visiting krakow, met one of his film's fans, a polish punk-rocker-turned-entrepreneur named lukasz siska. instantly inspired, kowalski followed sisk...read more
          









junior high school (directors' commentary)
            david wechter & michael nankin’s adorable 1978 short film junior high school is presented here with creator commentary. go behind the scenes with a candid conversation about the produ...read more
          







frank and the wondercat
            frank and the wondercat is a creative personal documentary that follows frank furko, an 80-year old eccentric living in the pittsburgh suburb of plum, and explores the themes of memor...read more
          







i think we're alone now
            "i think we're alone now" is a documentary that focuses on two individuals, jeff and kelly, who claim to be in love with the 80's pop singer tiffany. jeff turner, a 52-year-old man fr...read more
          







children of dracula (1994)
            “are you a vampire? vampire’s victim? have fantasies about vampires?” that's the ad circulated in major los angeles and dallas newspapers back in 1994. the film producers behind the a...read more
          







charles manson superstar
            in 1969, he became one of history's infamous villains, presented by the media as evil incarnate. charles manson superstar sets the record straight after years of media disinformation,...read more
          







junior high school
            a night flight exclusive. david wechter & michael nankin’s adorable 1978 short film junior high school drew praise from critics, led to making a disney cult classic, and it was also t...read more
          









almost there
            for many, peter anton's house embodies an end-of-life nightmare: the utility companies long ago shut off the heat and electricity, the floorboards are rotting, and the detritus of a c...read more
          







i heart monster movies
            this is a documentary filmed over 1 1/2 years between 2010-2012 about what it means to be a horror fan. several celebrity interviews including sid haig, tom savini, doug bradley, bill...read more
          







what were they thinking?
            what were they thinking' is a collection of shorts that should probably of never been made in the first place.  either the money was good, they needed a break or a few screws were loo...read more
          







on the air live with captain midnight
            on the air live with captain midnight tells the story of high school teen ziggy ziegler (played by tracy sebastian, the son of the writer/director duo ferd & beverly sebastian, best k...read more
          







mike wallington's champions: "ice break"
            the documentary 'ice break' (1979) tells the story of martial arts expert frank perry, who hones his breaking skills by practicing on monumental slabs of ice. 
          







way usa
            tesco vee of the meatmen's forgotten cult travelogue arrives on night flight plus tonight! this lost 1988 mtv pilot finds vee discovering baltimore's sweaty charms, starting with a de...read more
          





previous
next





view all
british invasion & sixties pop










keith richards - under review
            he's the baddest of them all, the man with at least nine lives and the most rock n' roll performer since the dawn of time - and we love him for all of it. this dvd features a 2 hour d...read more
          







rolling stones - under review 1975-1983: the ronnie wood years part 1
            after much tribulation, at the end of 1974 ronnie wood arrived to breath new life into the rolling stones. this documentary film covers the stones' career and music between 1975 and 1...read more
          







the who - under review: 1964-1968
            the who - under review 1964-1968 features rare live and studio performances of the band interspersed with the independent review and criticism of a panel of esteemed experts.  these i...read more
          







syd barrett - under review
            syd barrett - under review features rare live and studio performances from this hugely influential and legendary musician, interspersed with the independent review and criticism from ...read more
          







pink floyd: meddle - a classic album under review
            in-depth review of pink floyd's 1971 album meddle, featuring live and studio performance footage, previously unseen photos and comment and criticism from those in the know.
          







the beatles - strange fruit: the beatles' apple records
            in 1968, under a haze of publicity, the beatles opened their collective door to all manner of musicians, writers, artists, film-makers, inventors, designers, freaks and more than a fa...read more
          









paul mccartney - going underground: mccartney, the beatles and the uk counter-culture
            in the mid-1960s the often rigid and colourless british way of life was irrevocably transformed by the emergence of a cultural underground movement. led by a loose collective of young...read more
          







the beatles - beatles hamburg & the hamburg sound
            this program records the most important celebration ever of the early days of the beatles in this city and the musical environment that helped to form them. presented by liverpool d.j...read more
          







the beatles - liverpool magical history tour
            join bbc dj spencer leigh on a tour of liverpool which visits a multitude of beatle related sites including the childhood homes of john, paul, george, and ringo, strawberry fields, th...read more
          







small faces - under review
            the small faces under review features rare live and studio performances by this hugely influential band, interspersed with the independent review and criticism of a panel of esteemed ...read more
          







rolling stones - under review: 1962 - 1966
            the rolling stones - under review 1962-1966 is a 90 minute film reviewing the music and career of one of rock music's true giants during their formative years.  the stones are unquest...read more
          







the who, the mods and the quadrophenia connection
            this film explains the complicated and misunderstood connections between the mod movement - which had guaranteed the who's early success - and the pete townsend composed musical depic...read more
          









the roaring 20s: mick jagger's glory years
            not always credited with such, mick jagger has been equally as pivotal to the rolling stones as his songwriting partner and bandmate for almost 50 years. indeed the differences in sty...read more
          







glastonbury fayre
            first ever dvd release of this cult music film / rockumentary that established glastonbury as the uk's main festival! shot by acclaimed director, nicolas roeg, glastonbury fayre is an...read more
          







rolling stones - 1969-1974: the mick taylor years
            the story behind the stones' finest era. often regarded as the period in which the rolling stones recorded the finest music of their career, the years during which mick taylor was the...read more
          







brian wilson - songwriter 1962-1969
            brian wilson songwriter 1962 - 1969 is a documentary film in which the rich tapestry of music written and produced by this brilliant 20th century composer is investigated and reviewed...read more
          







john lennon's new york: concise
            guided by trina yannicos, whose life is spent conducting fans around the city of new york and the places with strong links to john lennon, and accompanied by susan ryan, we make a gra...read more
          







rolling stone: life and death of brian jones
            rolling stone: life and death of brian jones is the new documentary from acclaimed filmmaker danny garcia. exploring the rise of brian jones and the rolling stones as well as the unti...read more
          





previous
next





view all
public access tv










now dig this
            atlanta-based public access series with retro vibrations, live music, interviews, and more.
          







glenn o'brien's tv party








the scott & gary show










living room






previous
next





view all
rap & hip-hop










revolution in the head: rage against the machine & the art of protest
            arguably the most provocative band of the last 20 years, ratm have since their explosive debut, been the group most associated with the american protest movement. this film dissects t...read more
          







beastie boys - horseplay: unauthorized
            after 5 years of calm, these foul-mouthed rappers returned with the release of their 6th album to the 5 boroughs, the most eagerly anticipated new record of the year so far.   it incl...read more
          







wu-tang clan - wu-tang saga
            the influential hip-hop group wu-tang clan is the subject of this music-filled documentary that follows the group members, including method man, rza and ghostface killah, over a two-y...read more
          







sounds of the west part two: punk to avant garde, new wave, straight outa bristol
            explores punk to avant garde, new wave and straight outa bristol with artists such as the pop group, propellerheads, massive attack, tricky and portishead. towns like bristol have bee...read more
          







style wars
            when director tony silver and co-producer henry chalfant delivered the broadcast version of their prize-winning film to pbs in 1983, the world received its first full immersion in the...read more
          







sounds of the west part one: techno, drum 'n' bass, dub out west
            cutting-edge music, free to experiment, bred from a rich cultural mix-up and fed on an independence of spirit - that has always stood on its own terms. sounds of the west 1 is the fir...read more
          









public enemy - welcome to the terrordome
            public enemy's 20 year career has had a monumental impact on the music world. this film chronicles their legacy and history, while revealing what icons of the music world say about th...read more
          





previous
next





view all
rock art, comics & vintage video art










the story of rock 'n' roll comics
            the story of rock 'n' roll comics charts the short and controversial life of publisher todd loren, whose scandalous series of unauthorized comic book biographies of rock stars enraged...read more
          







night flight - the video artist (video synthesis)
            one of night flight's most revered segments returns on night flight plus this weekend. this episode of the video artist follows stephen beck, who creates abstract analog visuals with ...read more
          







the nasty terrible t-kid 170: julius cavero
            the nasty terrible t-kid 170: julius cavero, chronicles his coming of age as a poor latino from the bronx in the 70's where a young boy named julius would be forced into new york gang...read more
          







american artifact: the rise of american rock poster art
            american artifact chronicles the rise of american rock poster art since its birth in the '60s. the film explores the history and rise of the current rock poster movement in america, a...read more
          







docobanksy
            from the uk streets, docobanksy finds the truths and explores the impact that the world's most famous graffiti artist has had on the art world, on the expression of protest and satire...read more
          







night flight - the video artist (kit fitzgerald)
            tonight, we bring you another episode of "the video artist," an original night flight segment exploring the work of pioneers in new media art. this episode highlights the self-proclai...read more
          





previous
next





view all
college rock & indie rock










guided by voices - the electrifying conclusion
            a chronicle of the last four hours of one of the greatest bands in rock, in chicago, on new year's eve 2004
          







green on red - valley fever: live at the rialto
            green on red gathered at the rialto theater to honor the memory of a fallen comrade, drummer alex macnicol. sharing the stage for the first time in nearly two decades, green on red pl...read more
          







replacements - color me obsessed, the falling down drunk edition
            this is not the film color me obsessed, a film about the replacements. that film is 2 hours long and tells the full story of the band through the eyes of their fans, followers, fellow...read more
          







clutch - full fathom five: video field recordings 2007-2008
            defying the rock music "sub-genre", clutch return with the band's first ever dvd! compiled from four locations on the band's 2007/2008 sold out headlining world tour (boulder, sayervi...read more
          







bob mould - circle of friends: live at the 9:30 club
            the first fully-authorized bob mould concert, from the 9:30 club in washington, dc on 10-7-05. features bob's compositions from husker du, sugar's copper blue and his most recent solo...read more
          







color me obsessed: a film about the replacements
            over the the replacements' 12-year existence, its live sets were magical. gorman bechard's remarkable history of the 'mats takes us from their first show and everywhere in between. he...read more
          





previous
next





view all
horse operas & spaghetti westerns










the brute and the beast
            starring franco nero, george hilton and nino castelnuovo... nothing between them but hate, for each other!
          







the wild & the dirty
            a hardened ex-civil war soldier returns home to find his father dead, his mother re-married to his despised uncle. with the help of horace he finds the truth about his father a rumore...read more
          







pecos cleans up
            wild east's excellent transfer of the pecos follow up film.

director: maurizio lucidi
writers: adriano bolzoni (screenplay), augusto caminito (screenplay)
stars: robert woods, er...read more
          







day of anger
            when sergio leone turned lee van cleef into a major star with for a few dollars more and the good, the bad and the ugly, the actor sensibly stayed in italy to make several more spaghe...read more
          







they called him amen
            cosi sia (luc merenda) has a bone to pick with his double-crossing partner who is now a reverend. the "good" reverend has built a safe in a bank and cosi sia wants to steal it. he reu...read more
          







cemetery without crosses
            you believe in revenge but i don't... it never ends inspired by the international success of the dollars trilogy, and dedicated to director sergio leone, cemetery without crosses offe...read more
          









boss
            it's blaxploitation baby -- west of the pecos! boss (fred williamson), has "decided to hunt white folks for a change," by becoming a bounty hunter to click the hammer on fugitive outl...read more
          







death rides a horse
            before his very eyes, a young boy watches the cutthroats of a small gang raid his humble home, rape and slaughter his whole family. fifteen years later, bill meceita, the once-helples...read more
          







comin' at ya!
            tragedy strikes as two ruthless brothers kidnap a bride during her wedding. hurt and angry, h.h. hart (tony anthony) begins his quest to find the love he lost, and take vengeance upon...read more
          







night flight - terror of tiny town
            welcome to night flight's feature film presentation of "terror of tiny town," an epoch in cult history and a staple of the night flight circuit. when it debuted in 1938, it was dubbed...read more
          







the man who came to kill
            while being pursued by a bounty hunter, doc, a gambler accidentally sees bandits killing a sheriff. doc pretends to be the sheriff so the bounty hunter will stop his chase. the bandit...read more
          







don't turn the other cheek
            "the bottoms-up comedy hit that will fill your seats." don't turn... stars franco nero as prince dmitri vassilovich orlowsky, eli wallach as max lozoya and lynn redgrave as mary o'donnell.
          









may god forgive you... i won't
            cjamango is away from his ranch six bandits attack and kill all the members of his family. disrupted by this tragedy he sets out to take his revenge. one by one he kills the bandits. ...read more
          







my name is pecos
            everyone wants to know who the mexican is. he always answer slowly... "my name is pecos." pecos martinez ( robert woods) to be exact, and he's returned to his hometown of houston to s...read more
          







man, pride, and vengeance 
            also known as with django comes death. when stalwart spanish soldier don jose (franco nero of django) meets the stunningly beautiful carmen (tina aumont of torso), he becomes instantl...read more
          







django kill... if you live shoot!
            shockingly violent and surreal... a masterpiece of the gothic western!

tomas milian (run man run) stars as a half-breed bandit double-crossed and left for dead who rises from the g...read more
          







grand duel
            after their powerful father is brutally murdered, the saxon brothers hire a group of bounty hunters to bring suspected killer philipp wermeer to justice. but when grizzled sheriff cla...read more
          







companeros
            fate brought them together... greed made them inseparable... violence made them companeros!
yodlaf peterson (franco nero of django) is a suave swedish arms dealer with a love for fas...read more
          





previous
next





view all
music docs by robert mugge










hawaiian rainbow
            hawaiian rainbow is "music filmmaker" pioneer robert mugge 1987 film about hawaiian music, examining hawaii's traditional chants, percussion, ukulele, slack-key and steel guitar, male...read more
          







gil scott-heron - black wax
            black wax is a musical-political entertainment film produced and directed by robert mugge in 1982. it was the first american film to be fully funded by britain's then-brand-new channe...read more
          







new orleans music in exile
            like their neighbors, members of the legendary new orleans music community were devastated by hurricane katrina and its tragic aftermath. with new orleans music in exile, noted music ...read more
          







pride and joy: the story of alligator records
             director robert mugge, having recently made the film deep blues (1991) about the blues traditions of mississippi, decided to follow up with a tribute to alligator and its roster of t...read more
          







george crumb: voice of the whale
            in 1976, "music filmmaker" robert mugge created his first music-related film. titled george crumb: voice of the whale, it was this dazzling, 54-minute portrait of pulitzer prize-winni...read more
          







deep sea blues
            since the 1960s, generations of fans have adopted outdoor festivals as the ideal place to experience live musical performances. but in recent years, the best american music festivals ...read more
          









zydeco crossroads: a tale of two cities
            in 2014 & 2015, filmmaker robert mugge assisted philadelphia public radio station wxpn in its exploration of the creole culture of southwest louisiana via its yearlong zydeco crossroa...read more
          







the kingdom of zydeco
            "the kingdom of zydeco is both a cunning little comedy of manners and a sweet-tempered celebration of american roots music. the chavis-jocque tussle is prototypical american status bu...read more
          







last of the mississippi jukes
            robert mugge's 2003 music documentary, last of the mississippi jukes, explores the fading traditions of rural mississippi juke joints. the blues was first played by itinerant musician...read more
          







rhythm 'n' bayous: a road map to louisiana music
            "in his new film, rhythm 'n' bayous, mr. mugge returns to the south (this time to louisiana) to compile a singing dictionary of the state's roots music styles and assorted hybrids, fr...read more
          





previous
next





view all
arena rock & hitmakers










u2 - rebirth of cool: u2 in the third millennium
            this film tells the story of the massive regeneration of u2 during the new millennium. across two stunning and classic albums, a world tour to accompany each, numerous side projects a...read more
          







u2 achtung baby: classic album under review
            this dvd contains the ultimate review and critical analysis of u2's most pivotal album.  it offers a previously unobtainable level of insight into the band during the recording of the...read more
          







prince - reign of the prince of ages
            documentary focusing on the legendary musician's life and work, from his troubled childhood in minneapolis to becoming one of the most popular and innovative artists in contemporary music.
          







prince - the glory years unauthorized
            prince - the glory years is a documentary film which reviews and re-captures this golden decade and with the aid of his friends, colleagues, fellow musicians and other notable contrib...read more
          







prince: the little giant
            "how many instruments do you play?"

1000. watch a fascinating hour-long collage of interviews and behind the scenes footage showing prince's unique and courageous artistic perspect...read more
          







prince - slave trade
            exploring the strange but prophetic mid-1990s period in prince's career as he took full control of his music. this film explores and documents this strange but prophetic period in pri...read more
          









todd rundgren's utopia - live at chicago theater
            todd rundgren's seminal prog-rock / power-pop band utopia reunites onstage for the first time in 32 years.
          







stray cats - live at rockpalast: cologne 1981
            when the us trio stormed the top of the charts in their adopted country of england, punk still reigned supreme in the united kingdom. but brian setzer, brian setzer, slim jim phantom ...read more
          





previous
next





view all
anime & animation










riding bean
            bean bandit is the top courier in the chicago area, and a man who isn't shy about operating on the wrong side of the law. of course, his clients must also pay a pretty penny for his s...read more
          







otaku no video
            a true treat for true fans of any genre, otaku no video ("fan's video") is an outrageous mockumentary that combines the superb animation that made gainax one of japan's best-loved ani...read more
          







vampire princess miyu: vol.1 (unearthly kyoto)
            as the demonic forces of the shinma strive to obtain a foothold upon the mortal plane, spiritualist himiko seeks the truth.
          







vampire princess miyu: vol. 1 (a banquet of marionettes)
            as the demonic forces of the shinma strive to obtain a foothold upon the mortal plane, spiritualist himiko seeks the truth.
          







vampire princess miyu: vol.2 (fragile armor)
            when spiritualist himiko continues her pursuit of miyu, princess of the vampires, she does not have to look far.
          







 vampire princess miyu: vol. 2 (frozen time)
            when spiritualist himiko continues her pursuit of miyu, princess of the vampires, she does not have to look far.

          









night flight - mr. gloom & other shorts
            tonight, we present esteemed animator bill kopp’s original short “mr. gloom,” from an episode of "toone theatre." the psychedelic animation is hand-drawn theatre of the absurd. kopp’s...read more
          







harry nilsson - the point
            directed by academy award-winner fred wolf, "the point" tells the story of oblio, a round-headed boy living in the land of "point," where everything and everybody has one. oblio, alon...read more
          







jac mac & rad boy, go!
            one of the more popular animated short films that aired during night flight’s '80s heyday was wes archer’s cult fave jac mac & rad boy, go!, a wonderfully frenetic cartoon about two p...read more
          







ad police - episode 1 (the phantom woman)
            ad police rookie leon mcnichol gets his first lesson in the school of hard choices when he and his partner geena are given the job of tracking down the cause of several incidents of b...read more
          







ad police - episode 3 (the man who bites his tongue)
            adpolice officer billy fanword, critically wounded in battle with a runaway boomer, is used as an experimental subject for a cyber-operation, and reborn as an invicible cyborg policem...read more
          







ad police - episode 2 (the ripper)
            detective ailis kara doggedly investigates a string of vicious murders, the victims all prostitutes, and all found with their abdomens slashed open. along the way, she meets a female ...read more
          









seoul station
            from acclaimed director sang-ho yeon, "seoul station" follows a man sleeping in a train station who becomes a catalyst for the pandemonium in downtown seoul: a zombie apocalypse. the ...read more
          







megazone 23
            the ultimate virtual reality trip! something strange is happening in tokyo and it's up to shogo to unravel the mystery! when the young rebel stumbles upon a top secret weapon, he can'...read more
          







megazone 23: part 2
            the sequel to the groundbreaking animation film that put original video animation (ova) on the map. b.d. is now the secret ruler of megazone 23, and yahagi shōgo is a wanted fugitive....read more
          







delta space mission
            long-lost 1980s romanian animated sci-fi film delta space mission in incredibly strange and beautiful work of galactic eye candy that defies all rules of perspective and logic; like m...read more
          







bubblegum crisis ep. 4 (revenge road)
            the japanese cyberpunk classic! it is the year 2032 a.d. like a phoenix, the city of megatokyo is rising from the ashes of a devastating earthquake. in the twisted canyons of the mega...read more
          







bubblegum crisis ep. 1 (tinsel city rhapsody)
            the japanese cyberpunk classic! it is the year 2032 a.d. like a phoenix, the city of megatokyo is rising from the ashes of a devastating earthquake. in the twisted canyons of the mega...read more
          





previous
next





view all
r&b, gospel & jazz










ruben blades - the return of ruben blades
            "robert mugge is a filmmaker with a music critic's sensibility. his good taste in subjects is matched by the subtle way in which he lets his movies reveal all the music that fits. the...read more
          







sonny rollins - saxophone colossus
            tenor saxophone master sonny rollins has long been hailed as one of the most important artists in jazz history, and still, today, he is viewed as the greatest living jazz improviser. ...read more
          







al green - gospel according to al green
            in the early and mid 1970s, the release of songs like "let's stay together," "love and happiness," "tired of being alone," and "take me to the river" made al green one of the most suc...read more
          







george crumb: voice of the whale
            in 1976, "music filmmaker" robert mugge created his first music-related film. titled george crumb: voice of the whale, it was this dazzling, 54-minute portrait of pulitzer prize-winni...read more
          







gil scott-heron - black wax
            black wax is a musical-political entertainment film produced and directed by robert mugge in 1982. it was the first american film to be fully funded by britain's then-brand-new channe...read more
          







jaco pastorius: live and outrageous
            this one hour live set features jaco and his word of mouth band at the montreal jazz festival in 1982. jaco is in peak form with a top notch band of hand picked musicians in his only ...read more
          









i called him morgan
            in february 1972, celebrated jazz musician lee morgan was shot dead by his common-law wife helen during a gig at a club in new york city. the murder sent shockwaves through the jazz c...read more
          







motian in motion
            motian in motion is a documentary film about legendary jazz drummer paul motian. filmmaker michael patrick kelly first met paul motian while shooting a short documentary about his nei...read more
          







chuck berry - the original king of rock 'n' roll
            the official fully-authorized feature documentary on the life and music of chuck berry, the absolute instigator of rock and roll, directed by jon brewer. 

chuck berry was a prolifi...read more
          







charles mingus - triumph of the underdog
            triumph of the underdog is the first comprehensive documentary about jazz bassist, bandleader and composer charles mingus. a lucid involving portrait showing the many faces and tortur...read more
          







the dizzy gillespie big 7 (montreux jazz festival 1975)
            a bebop session staged by its creator dizzy gillespie, backed by his early mate milton ''bags'' jackson on vibes and the famous rough duo tenorists eddie ''lockjaw'' davis and johnny ...read more
          







not not jazz: medeski, martin & wood
            a group that effortlessly straddles the gap between avant-garde improvisation and accessible groove-based jazz, medeski, martin & wood have simultaneously earned standing as relentles...read more
          





previous
next





view all
blues, roots, reggae & ska










stepping razor: red x
            filmmaker nicholas campbell explores the life and death of seminal reggae artist peter tosh in an attempt to lay to rest or prove the rumor that tosh's demise was not due to an accide...read more
          







roots, rock, reggae - inside the jamaican music scene
            'roots rock reggae' depicts an unforgettable moment in jamaica's history when music defined the island's struggles and immortalized its heroes. director jeremy marre films bob marley ...read more
          







rhythm 'n' bayous: a road map to louisiana music
            "in his new film, rhythm 'n' bayous, mr. mugge returns to the south (this time to louisiana) to compile a singing dictionary of the state's roots music styles and assorted hybrids, fr...read more
          







new orleans music in exile
            like their neighbors, members of the legendary new orleans music community were devastated by hurricane katrina and its tragic aftermath. with new orleans music in exile, noted music ...read more
          







last of the mississippi jukes
            robert mugge's 2003 music documentary, last of the mississippi jukes, explores the fading traditions of rural mississippi juke joints. the blues was first played by itinerant musician...read more
          







jeff healey - healey's hideaway
            jeff healey, a true canadian, born and raised in etobicoke,on was a talented musician well known for his phenomenal guitar playing as well as other music instruments. jeff was an unus...read more
          









deep sea blues
            since the 1960s, generations of fans have adopted outdoor festivals as the ideal place to experience live musical performances. but in recent years, the best american music festivals ...read more
          







john lee hooker - cook with the hook: live 1974
            on saturday, july 6, 1974, mississippi-delta bluesman john lee hooker was a star attractions at an all-day festival attended by 6,000 people. the event in the town of gardner massachu...read more
          







b.b. king - standing room only
            he's reigned as the "king of the blues" since the early '50s, yet b.b. king continues to wear the crown with dignity and class. this outstanding performance was recorded at the trump ...read more
          







stevie ray vaughan - rise of a texas bluesman: 1954-1983
            film revealing and dissecting the formative years of stevie ray vaughan's career and his place within texas blues. in the early 1970s a young guitarist from austin, texas began to mak...read more
          







the specials - 30th anniversary tour
            thirty years after their elvis costello-produced debut came out, these punk-era ska gods played this wolverhampton civic hall show for a rabid hometown crowd. this was their first con...read more
          







zydeco crossroads: a tale of two cities
            in 2014 & 2015, filmmaker robert mugge assisted philadelphia public radio station wxpn in its exploration of the creole culture of southwest louisiana via its yearlong zydeco crossroa...read more
          









the kingdom of zydeco
            "the kingdom of zydeco is both a cunning little comedy of manners and a sweet-tempered celebration of american roots music. the chavis-jocque tussle is prototypical american status bu...read more
          







pride and joy: the story of alligator records
             director robert mugge, having recently made the film deep blues (1991) about the blues traditions of mississippi, decided to follow up with a tribute to alligator and its roster of t...read more
          







the revelation of lee scratch perry
            for the uninitiated, lee "scratch" perry is one of the most important figures in the history of reggae music. not only did he help develop the early reggae sound captured in a number ...read more
          







johnny winter & dr. john - live in sweden 1987
            blues legend johnny winter is joined by the equally legendary dr. john on swedish tv, recorded in 1987. from the opening notes of sound the bell to the finale of a positively incendia...read more
          







rockers
            starring leroy "horsemouth" wallace and richard "dirtyharry" hall, rockers is a story of oppressed jamaican musicians getting even with the "mafia types" in the business. featuring bu...read more
          







the howlin' wolf story - the secret history of rock & roll
            the howlin' wolf story documents the life of blues legend chester 'howlin' wolf' burnett and features rare material, including performances of many of his classic chess records tunes,...read more
          





previous
next





view all
comedy movies & stand-up comics










richard lewis - magical misery tour
            lewis' 1997 hbo stand up special was filmed at new york' s historic bottom line. the los angeles times called it, "his best show ever."
          







moby presents: alien sex party
            alien sex party is a comic frenzy filled with sex, music, science fiction and all combinations thereof.  in an adult video store on christmas eve we join joe (the befuddled owner who ...read more
          







bikini beach race
            fasten your seatbelts for the first movie to feature the sexiest, wildest, sportiest event in the world - bed racing!  rev your engines as dana plato (different strokes) and her sexy ...read more
          







the heavyweights of comedy
            starring bob woods, barry berry, big ed weldon, billy elmer, tim o'rourke, marci rose, mark rossi, thea vidale and hosted by queen kong.
          







white house madness
            this hilarious, off-beat cult film made headlines a few years ago, when it was revealed that republican presidential hopeful- texas senator phil gramm- was an investor in the scandalo...read more
          







tunnel vision
            a vision of 1985 from 1976. a regular feature on night flight during the original series run is tunnel vision, the "unsightly" (ny times) social-commentary satire that night flight cr...read more
          









kimberly
            michael, bob, walter and scott are best friends. one day rowing on the river they see a living vision - kimberly. each wants to spend time with her. things get complicated when kimber...read more
          







days of thrills and laughter
            the greatest cast to ever light the screen. delightful time capsule of hollywood's silent glory with pratfalls aplenty! a celebrated look at silent films from early in the 20th centur...read more
          







episode 1 - danger drunk drivers
            while drunk driving is dangerous, did educational films teach school kids the importance of using mixers, the glamour of beach party beers and the entertainment value in drunk divers?...read more
          







episode 3 - danger kids doing it
            while drunk driving is dangerous, did educational films teach school kids the importance of using mixers, the glamour of beach party beers and the entertainment value in drunk divers?...read more
          







episode 2 - danger courtesy
            while teen divers are dangerous, did educational films teach school kids that teenicide is a cool name, the importance of working on your vodka tolerance and the true problem of joyri...read more
          







episode 4 - danger teen drivers
            while teen divers are dangerous, did educational films teach school kids that teenicide is a cool name, the importance of working on your vodka tolerance and the true problem of joyri...read more
          









night flight - comedy cuts 3
            featuring chris rock, lorne elliott, rosie o'donnell and more...
          







night flight - rockin' ronnie
            conceived by the creators of the successful usa cable program "night flight," this light-hearted, off-the-wall exposé includes the unlikely supporting cast of queen elizabeth, richard...read more
          







night flight - comedy cuts 4
            rapid-fire stand-up from unsung comics like steve o, adrienne tolsch, stevie ray fromstein, frankie pace and future conan o'brien talk show producer mike sweeney, taped on-location at...read more
          







penny points to paradise
            after a big gambling win, harry flakers and his friend spike donnelly decide to go to the same shabby seaside boarding house that they have always patronized for their summer holiday,...read more
          







night flight - comedy cuts: assaulted nuts and movie previews
            this 1987 episode of night flight features classic comedy cut segments and england's favorite comedy team: assaulted nuts. then night flight goes to the movies with features on angel ...read more
          







night flight - comedy cuts 6 and new sounds
            "welcome to comedy cuts, the most original comedy show on tv today starring nancy parker, dennis blair, adrianne tolsch, night flight brings you new sounds with frankie goes to hollyw...read more
          





previous
next





view all
heroes & villains & political movements










william s. burroughs - commissioner of sewers
            commissioner of sewers combines interview and archival material, paintings, and clips of william s.  burroughs' film appearances (including "decoder" and gus van zant's "drugstore cow...read more
          







wisconsin rising
            wisconsin was a testing ground for the nation in 2011 as big money attempted to undo basic workers' rights when newly-elected republican governor scott walker suddenly stripped collec...read more
          







revolution in the head: rage against the machine & the art of protest
            arguably the most provocative band of the last 20 years, ratm have since their explosive debut, been the group most associated with the american protest movement. this film dissects t...read more
          







positive force: more than a witness; 30 years of punk politics in action
            washington dc-based punk activist collective positive force emerged in 1985. this feature-length film by robin bell skillfully mixes rare archival footage (including electrifying live...read more
          







marcus garvey - a giant of black politics
            black nationalist pioneer and first hero of jamaica, marcus garvey is discussed by contemporaries, historians, family and friends. the film traces his early successes in organizing we...read more
          







muhammad ali - the man, the moves, the mouth
            muhammad ali's brilliant ring moves and colorful rhetoric are the focus of this entertaining documentary. narrated by bert sugar, the greatest boxing sportscaster of our time, this on...read more
          









pussy riot - death to prison, freedom to protest
            in less than three years, pussy riot has morphed from a little-known feminist protest band to an international cause celebre. as its two jailed members are freed from prison under an ...read more
          







paul robeson - songs of freedom: a documentary
            songs of freedom is a showcase for the great voice of paul robeson. it exposes the desperate attempts of the fbi and other secret services in america to stop his playing and to discre...read more
          





previous
next





view all
dramas & high-stakes adventures










the giant of thunder mountain
            richard kiel stars, writes and executive produces this family film from 1991.

it's 1893. eli, a huge giant, lives high atop thunder mountain overlooking the small town of weaverton...read more
          







an evening in the zone: "a town has turned to dust"
            rod serling's "a town has turned to dust" -- which originally aired on june 19, 1958 on the cbs drama program "playhouse 90" — is an important black & white dramatic tv play, directed...read more
          







golden temple amazons
            jess franco serves up an often sans-clothing slice of sadistic jungle adventure. an explorer and his wife discover a golden temple deep in the african blue mountains. but it's protect...read more
          







diamonds for kilimandjaro
            legendary director jess franco takes on the tarzan legend with pure exploitation glee. a big game hunter leads members of a family deep into the jungle in search of lost treasure, and...read more
          







without pity
            filmed in 1948 as senza pieta, the film is an example of italian neo-realism. as world war ii ends, some african-american soldiers refused to abandon northern italy to return to the u...read more
          







long john silver
            after the treasure island adventure, long john silver turns up on a british caribbean island, where he hears that rival pirate mendoza has taken the ship carrying the governor's daugh...read more
          









julius caesar
            the growing ambition of julius caesar is a source of major concern to his close friend brutus. cassius persuades him to participate in his plot to assassinate caesar but they have bot...read more
          







jack the giant killer
            the terrible and trecherous pendragon plans to gain the throne of cornwall by getting the king to abdicate and to marry his lovely daughter. to help him he has his dreadful witches in...read more
          







starlight
            set in the dunes near the north sea, a small circus company is suffering from a serious lack of audience for their shows. the most to be worried of is the two love triangle among the ...read more
          







beyond atlantis
            a band of adventurers on the search for a reported fortune in buried treasure, investigate many islands to the south of the philippines and discover an unknown civilization that may b...read more
          







the icarus line must die
            the icarus line must die is a dramatic narrative feature set against the backdrop of the current la music scene. the film tracks joe cardamone, front man of the icarus line, as he nav...read more
          







the phantom empire
            in the phantom empire from director fred olen rey, lost-city explorers find mutants, cavegirls, dinosaurs and a leather-clad space queen played by sybil danning (reform school girls)....read more
          





previous
next











about
faqs
terms of service
privacy policy
merch
gift membership


your privacy choices










copyright © 1984-2025 night flight inc. | night flight is a registered trademark of digital download inc.





