









acmh | armstrong county memorial hospital





























toggle navigation


















patient portal
pay your bill
medical records
careers
employee resources
accepted insurances







services


services

 

advanced cardiac care
breast care
behavioral health
cancer care
concussion care
diabetes/endocrinology
ear, nose & throat (ent)
emergency medicine
general surgery



imaging & radiology
laboratory services
lung & esophageal disorders
maternity / obgyn
neurology
neurosurgery
nutrition counseling
orthopedics
pain management



pulmonary care
pediatrics
primary care
rehab services
robotic surgery
skilled nursing
sleep disorders
stroke care
urology
wound care





patient information
find a physician
about acmh














heart attack and stroke: don't delay... call 911

						take an ambulance, not your car! calling 911 is the fastest way to get life-saving treatment. learn the signs and symptoms today!

 
							
learn more









choose a career at acmh hospital

discover career opportunities and conveniently apply online

apply now









celebrating excellence!

						acmh receives the healthgrades 2023 joint replacement excellence award™ and 5-star designation for gallbladder removal surgery




learn more









the doctor is ready to see you

						when you choose an acmh primary care physician (pcp), you are establishing a long-term relationship that can benefit you and your family for a lifetime.
 
							
find your doctor





















find a physician/provider

need help finding a physician or provider? acmh provides services for a wide range of specialties from cancer care to orthopedics.
search











find a location

need help finding us? click for a comprehensive list of acmh locations throughout the community.
search







acmh hospital mission and vision


acmh hospital is committed to improving the emotional and physical health of its patients through superior clinical care and the compassionate management of illness and disability.

our vision





















ear, nose & throatdevoted to compassionate and skilled care

                                        our ent professionals possess a unique combination of training and experience, providing patients with a diverse array of medical and surgical treatments for adult and pediatric disorders. specialties include hearing aid services and hearing testing, sinus issues, allergies, and sleep problems.

 
											
learn more













breastfeeding and prenatal classesguidance for new mothers

                                        in-person breastfeeding and prenatal classes have resumed! for scheduling and additional information, please click the link below. for everyone's safety, social distancing measures and masking is required during in-person sessions.

 
											
learn more













linx procedureminimally invasive reflux management

if you’re currently suffering from gastroesophageal reflux (gerd), you may be muddling through your heartburn, bloating, and regurgitation by taking daily medication. like many patients, you may find that while medicine improves your symptoms, you’re never truly free from them. but it doesn’t have to be this way, and acmh has a potential solution: the linx® reflux management system.

learn more





















more than just
a community hospital




850
dedicated acmh employees




321
newborns delivered in 2023




21,932
emergency department visits in 2023











news & updates









acmh signs affiliation agreement with iup

iup, armstrong county memorial hospital ink clinical training affiliation agreement for iup proposed college of osteopathic medicine
learn more











affiliation announcement

pennsylvania mountains care network and acmh hospital formally announce affiliation
learn more











pfo closure procedure

acmh hospital celebrates the successful implementation of a new cardiac procedure aimed at reducing stroke risk
learn more











2024 cameos of caring

philip green, acmh hospital rn, receives the 2024 cameos of caring award!
learn more









acmh e-greetingssend a personalized greeting to a loved one at acmh hospital

a greeting card will be hand delivered to a patient at acmh with your message included
 
send here

















acmh hospital


one nolte drive  |  kittanning, pa 16201


724.543.8500

















locations
patient portal
request medical records
volunteer
vendor registration
classes
contact us



about us
leadership
news & media relations
community health needs assessment
shared decision making







billing & insurance
billing questions
financial assistance
pay your bill
insurance information

medical records



price transparency

250965237_armstrong-county-memorial-hospital_standardcharges.csv

price transparency

patient price estimator
 














©  acmh hospital 2025
proud partner of the pennsylvania mountains care network
one nolte drive, kittanning, pa 16201
724-543-8500


privacy policy your rights & concerns  average charges by drg 

















×








