







private student loans low rates | brazos higher education




























































































skip to content


















































































search



				search			







close



 








apply now












student loans undergraduate loans graduate loans mba loans law loans medical students loan dental students loan veterinary students loan health professions loan doctoral students loan student loan calculator am i eligible?parent loans parent plus loans parent loan calculator am i eligible?student loan refinance refinance guide consolidation vs. refinance refinance loan calculator am i eligible?resources about us blog student loan faqs parent loan faqs refinance faqs refer-a-friend get $200 existing borrowers career investorsscholarshipcalculators student loan calculator parent loan calculator refinance loan calculatorcontactcontinue application student loans parent loan refinance loan




 





student loans undergraduate loans graduate loans mba loans law loans medical students loan dental students loan veterinary students loan health professions loan doctoral students loan student loan calculator am i eligible?parent loans parent plus loans parent loan calculator am i eligible?student loan refinance refinance guide consolidation vs. refinance refinance loan calculator am i eligible?resources about us blog student loan faqs parent loan faqs refinance faqs refer-a-friend get $200 existing borrowers career investorsscholarshipcalculators student loan calculator parent loan calculator refinance loan calculatorcontactcontinue application student loans parent loan refinance loan










 















 
student loans for texansturn your college dreams into reality
brazos higher education is a trusted texas non-profit organization dedicated to helping students finance their college education and save money once they graduate.
we’re here every step of your college journey — from those exciting but stressful few months before college - all the way to graduation and beyond. as a non-profit, we are able to offer lower rates and a wider variety of student, parent and refinance loans to make paying for college stress-free.
we provide transparent pricing and favorable payment terms to make education affordable to texas families.


apply now


 





















40+ years  2
financing education











2 million+  2
students served











$30 billion  2
in loans






























student loans  4




fixed rates – 2.71% - 7.38% apr
variable rates – 4.35% - 5.59% apr

calculate loan cost








 learn more
apply now















parent loans 5




fixed rates – -% - -% apr
variable rates – -% - -% apr

calculate loan cost








learn more
apply now















student refinance  6




fixed rates – -% - -% apr
variable rates – -% - -% apr

calculate loan cost








learn more
apply now























an affordable solution






we’re here for you when scholarships and federal loans
don’t cover all your expenses 7
at brazos, we know how important education is to you and your family. many texas residents rely on scholarships and student loans, including federal loans and parent plus loans, to pay for their education. even so, many families still have a gap to cover all their college costs.
brazos offers private texas student loans and parent loans to help finance your education at a low cost and with greater flexibility. with brazos’ texas student loans or parent loans, you get:

competitive low rates, with .25% auto-pay discount  3
no application fees, origination fees, or prepayment penalties
flexible repayment options, including the option to make no payments on your student loans while you are in school
multiple terms to fit any budget
cover up to 100% of school-certified college expenses. expenses include tuition, books, fees, and housing for the entire school year.
easy online application








apply now

































brazos texas student loans vs. other lenders
















non-profit devoted to low ratesno application or origination feesmultiple repayment terms up to 20 yearsapply in minutesparent loans availablerefinancing available 















 















 















 















 













* information obtained from lender’s website as of 7/14/2023.

















brazos texas student loans






cover up to 100% of your school certified college expenses, like tuition, fees, and living expenses while you study


















undergraduate loan


just starting your college journey? fulfill your college dreams with low-rate texas student loans. we offer flexible payment plans to meet your budget. apply now  



										learn more									























graduate loan


pursuing graduate studies? we can help you find the best loan options for your specific needs and situation.
 apply now 




										learn more									

























mba loan


mbas can choose from highly competitive fixed or variable interest rates that cover 100% of expenses (less financial aid received).
 apply now 




										learn more									























law loan


considering law school? cover school-certified tuition and expenses with no application or origination fees, low interest rates and customizable repayment options. apply now  



										learn more									

























medical loan


future doctors, get ready for medical school! save money and gain the ability to postpone or make reduced payments while in school and during residency. apply now  



										learn more									




















dental loan


get the degree you need to start your dentistry career. our loans cover tuition and school-certified expenses in dentistry, periodontics, prosthodontics, pediatric dentistry and more. apply now  



										learn more									























health profession loan


get the degree you need to start your health profession career. from pas to ots and pts, even pharmacy, there are many rewarding career opportunities you can pursue. apply now  



										learn more									




















veterinary loan


get more options to pay for vet school with brazos’ student loans. brazos allows you to make no payments while in school. apply now  



										learn more									

























doctoral loan


get your phd without breaking the bank. brazos’ doctoral loans help you fund tuition and school-certified living costs while you study apply now  



										learn more									








































secure your loan now









01
02










submit your application.
apply online. upload the necessary documentation, select your
preferred loan option and sign a promissory note.






lock in your rates.
get a credit decision in a few minutes 8











apply for









student loan









parent loan









refinance























we make higher education more attainable for everyone












low interest rates
and zero fees
we offer low interest rates and zero application or origination fees. while most lenders do not fully disclose their interest rates, brazos lets you see and compare rates before you apply, so there are no surprises or hidden fees.









choose your repayment
option and term
customize your loans to fit your financial goals. with brazos, you can choose how long it takes to repay your loan based on your budget. students can choose a payment plan that requires no payments while in school.











cover 100% of
school-certified costs
we have you covered! we lend up to the total cost of education less other financial aid. school-certified costs include expenses like tuition, housing, living expenses, books and even a computer.









apply in
minutes 8
gain peace of mind. our online loan application is simple, fast and stress-free. and, if approved, funds are sent directly to the school to make your life easier.











texans serving
texans
brazos higher education is a texas non-profit dedicated to making higher education more attainable for texas residents. even if you live outside texas, if you plan to attend a texas college, our low-cost student loan can save you money.
plus, get $200 when you refer-a-friend.









parents - help your
student by cosigning
if you cosign your student’s application, their chances of being approved may increase! a cosigner is usually a parent, but can be any adult with good credit.




















what people say about us












"brazos was very timely with their responses and did a good job. it was my first time taking a student loan, the rate was lower than others and the process of accepting and submitting my loan and documents was easy."



- ryan, brazos student loan borrower




"the customer service rep took her time to ensure she answered all my questions. she explained the loan options in detail and with examples and ensured i understood her."



- crystal, brazos student loan borrower




"brazos was able to get me all my loans to attend grad school and was very easy to work with! communication was always great and they were always willing to answer any questions and help out when needed."



- kayla, brazos student loan borrower




"very easy process. hassle free."



- bryan, brazos student loan borrower




"straight forward & easy application. approved quickly putting us at ease."



- justin, brazos student loan borrower




"everything was smooth. i really liked how easy it was for me to communicate with someone on the phone and how thorough they were when explaining matters. i appreciate brazos."



- kadesha, brazos student loan borrower




"our family has worked hard to build good credit. the team at brazos made sure we were able to make that effort really pay off. we received a better rate on our two student’s education costs than we could find anywhere. our advisor was always available and went the extra mile to make a complicated process work for us. thank you... we will see you again next year!"



- kenn, brazos borrower


 









 














dedicated to providing affordable access to higher education through resources, scholarships, and information. we offer great rates on loans.










apply now



















student loans








undergraduate loans
graduate loans
mba loans
law loans
medical students loan
dental students loan
veterinary students loan
health professions loan
doctoral students loan
check eligibility











parent loans








check eligiblity
parent plus loans








student loan refinance








refinance guide
consolidation vs. refinance
check eligibility








scholarship










resources







about us
blog
student loan faqs
parent loan faqs
refinance faqs
application & solicitation disclosures
existing borrowers
for investors
career
terms and conditions
web privacy & security










calculators







student loan calculator
parent loan calculator
refinance loan calculator








refer-a-friend get $200








contact








5609 crosslake parkway waco, tx 76712
1-800-453-0841












disclaimer

1: brazos education lending corporation, a texas non-profit managed by brazos higher education, is the lender on all brazos loans.
2: brazos education lending corporation is a part of a group of several non-affiliated nonprofit companies that are all managed by brazos higher education and are commonly referred to as the brazos managed companies. the first of the brazos managed companies was organized in 1975 in waco, texas, as a secondary market for student loans. since that time, the brazos managed companies have, on a combined basis, served an estimated 2 million student borrowers and have helped fund an estimated $30 billion in student loans.
3: autopay discount. the interest rate in effect will be reduced by 0.25% if either the borrower or cosigner authorizes automated (ach) payments from any bank account. the auto-pay discount only applies when full principal and interest payments are automatically drafted from a bank account and does not apply during periods of approved forbearance or deferment. certain other terms and conditions apply.
4: brazos student loan interest rate ranges are based upon the repayment term and options selected and the creditworthiness of the borrower or co-signer, and include the 0.25% auto-pay discount. not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. the lowest apr calculations assume the highest creditworthy borrower that selects the immediate repayment option and begins making payments after the loan is fully disbursed, with a 60 month repayment term. the highest apr calculation assumes the lowest creditworthy borrower that selects the deferred repayment option and makes no payment while in school for a period of 45 months (plus a 6 month grace period), with a 240 month repayment term.

fixed rates are set at the time the loan is made and will not change over the life of the loan. variable rates and corresponding aprs may increase over the life of the loan, but will never exceed 9.90%. the variable interest rate is based on an index of the 30-day average sofr plus a margin. the lowest variable rate apr displayed is based on the current sofr index of 4.34% plus a 0.25% margin, minus the auto-pay discount. the variable rate will adjust monthly and the loan payment may increase or decrease monthly to provide for amortization over the selected term. the variable rate product is only available to texas residents.

autopay discount. the interest rate in effect will be reduced by 0.25% if either the borrower or cosigner authorizes automated (ach) payments from any bank account. the auto-pay discount only applies when full principal and interest payments are automatically drafted from a bank account and does not apply during periods of approved forbearance or deferment. certain other terms and conditions apply.
5: the brazos parent loan rates are based upon the repayment term selected and the creditworthiness of the borrower or co-signer, and include the 0.25% auto-pay discount. not all borrowers receive the lowest rate.

brazos parent loan fixed rates are set at the time the loan is made and will not change over the life of the loan. variable rates and corresponding aprs may increase over the life of the loan, but will never exceed 9.90%. the variable interest rate is based on an index of the 30-day average sofr plus a margin. the lowest variable rate apr displayed is based on the current sofr index of 4.34% plus a 0.25% margin, minus the auto-pay discount, for a 60 month (5 year) repayment term. the variable rate will adjust monthly and the loan payment may increase or decrease monthly to provide for amortization over the selected term.

autopay discount. the interest rate in effect will be reduced by 0.25% if either the borrower or cosigner authorizes automated (ach) payments from any bank account. the auto-pay discount only applies when full principal and interest payments are automatically drafted from a bank account and does not apply during periods of approved forbearance or deferment. certain other terms and conditions apply.
6: the brazos student loan refinance rates displayed are based upon the repayment term selected and the creditworthiness of the borrower or co-signer, and include the 0.25% auto-pay discount. not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. the lowest apr calculations assume the highest creditworthy borrower with a 60-month repayment term. the highest apr calculation assumes the lowest creditworthy borrower with a 240-month repayment term.

fixed rates are set at the time the loan is made and will not change over the life of the loan. variable rates and corresponding aprs may increase over the life of the loan, but will never exceed 9.90%. the variable interest rate is based on an index of the 30-day average sofr plus a margin. the lowest variable rate apr displayed is based on the current sofr index of 4.34% plus a 0.25% margin, minus the auto-pay discount. the variable rate will adjust monthly and the loan payment may increase or decrease monthly to provide for amortization over the selected term. the variable rate product is only available to texas residents.

autopay discount. the interest rate in effect will be reduced by 0.25% if either the borrower or cosigner authorizes automated (ach) payments from any bank account. the auto-pay discount only applies when full principal and interest payments are automatically drafted from a bank account and does not apply during periods of approved forbearance or deferment. certain other terms and conditions apply.
7: we encourage responsible borrowing. you should always exhaust all forms of grants, scholarships and other free financial aid before taking out a new loan. if you determine you need a loan, or wish to consolidate, carefully compare the federal loan program with any private loan program, including all benefits, forgiveness programs and other federal options. not all private loan programs offer the same benefits as are available in the federal loan program. do your shopping and find the loan that best fits your needs.
8: if you choose to apply for a brazos loan, we will request your full credit report. this credit pull may impact your credit score. the initial credit review is based on review of all of the information you and your cosigner (if applicable) provide during the application process and the information obtained from your credit report. if you pass the initial credit review, you will be required to provide acceptable documentation, such as your income verification, before final loan approval.
9: the apr, terms, calculated payments and total loan cost amounts are estimates only. the calculator assumes that the loan amount is disbursed to the school in two equal installments five (5) months apart. capitalized interest is calculated during this five month period at the apr shown, except for the examples for the interest only repayment option. [please note that the apr used in all calculations assumes the autopay discount is applied. if you take out a loan, the autopay discount will not actually be applicable until you enter full repayment and you sign up for automated payments (see disclaimer 3 above).] this capitalized interest is added to the amount of the loan to arrive at the estimated balance of the loan when repayment begins. estimated payments are based upon the projected balance at repayment, including capitalized interest. calculated monthly payments and total payments are based on the information provided by you, assume that the interest rate remains constant throughout the life of the loan, and that loans will be repaid in equal monthly installments. please note that the interest rate will not remain constant for a variable rate loan, although it is assumed to for purposes of this calculator. this resource also assumes that you will pay continuously throughout the repayment period with no breaks for deferment, forbearance or prepayments. we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information or the student loan calculator’s applicability to your specific circumstances.

using the student loan calculator does not constitute an offer to receive a loan and does not solicit a loan offer. any rates, terms, and calculated payments will depend on the actual months for which you are approved, the repayment option you select, the actual disbursement schedule of your loan, the length of any interim period prior to start of repayment, and your specific credit score, should you choose to apply.
10: when you apply for a brazos student loan, the fico score used will be the transunion fico score 9, which is based on information from transunion. when you apply for a brazos parent or brazos refi loan, the fico score used will be the transunion fico score 9. in addition to these different fico score models used at transunion, there are still other fico score models used among and between credit reporting agencies which could result in an individual having a higher or lower credit score depending on the model utilized. fico is a registered trademark of the fair issac corporation.
11: the displayed apr includes the autopay discount.
autopay discount: the interest rate in effect will be reduced by 0.25% if either the borrower or cosigner authorizes automated (ach) payments from any bank account. the auto-pay discount only applies when full principal and interest payments are automatically drafted from a bank account and does not apply during periods of approved forbearance or deferment. certain other terms and conditions apply.
12. the apr, terms, calculated payments and total loan cost amounts are estimates only. the calculator assumes that the loan amount is disbursed to the school in two equal installments five (5) months apart. capitalized interest is calculated during this five month period at the apr shown. [please note that the apr used in all calculations assumes the autopay discount is applied. if you take out a loan, the autopay discount will not actually be applicable until you enter full repayment and you sign up for automated payments (see disclaimer 3 above)]. this capitalized interest is added to the amount of the loan to arrive at the estimated balance of the loan when repayment begins. estimated payments are based upon the projected balance at repayment, including capitalized interest. calculated monthly payments and total payments are based on the information provided by you, assume that the interest rate remains constant throughout the life of the loan, and that loans will be repaid in equal monthly installments. please note that the interest rate will not remain constant for a variable rate loan, although it is assumed to for purposes of this calculator. this resource also assumes that you will pay continuously throughout the repayment period with no breaks for deferment, forbearance or prepayments. we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information or the parent loan calculator’s applicability to your specific circumstances.

using the parent loan calculator does not constitute an offer to receive a loan and does not solicit a loan offer. any rates, terms, and calculated payments will depend on the actual months for which you are approved, the repayment option you select, the actual disbursement schedule of your loan, the length of any interim period prior to start of repayment, and your specific credit score, should you choose to apply.
13. direct plus interest rate is the interest rate for loans first disbursed on or after july 1, 2024 and on or before june 30, 2025. the rate assumes a 0.25% interest rate reduction for borrowers that authorize automated payments from a bank account. the calculator also assumes a 4.228% origination fee for direct plus loans first disbursed on or after october 1, 2022 and before october 1, 2023. these amounts may vary depending upon when the first disbursement of your loan occurred or will occur. direct plus interest rates and fees are subject to change by the federal government. always visit www.studentaid.gov for the most current information about federal loan programs.
14: the brazos refinance loan aprs, terms, calculated payments, total interest, and total savings amounts are estimates only. calculated monthly payments and total payments based on information provided by you and assume that the interest rates remains constant throughout the life of the loans and that the loans will be repaid in equal monthly installments. total remaining interest on your loan is an estimate of the amount of interest you will pay in the future on your existing loan, and excludes previous interest payments. this resource also assumes that you will pay continuously throughout the repayment period with no breaks for forbearance or prepayments. we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information or the refinance calculator resources' applicability to your circumstances.

the interest rate for your loan may be based, in part, on whether you have a creditworthy cosigner. applying with a creditworthy cosigner may help you qualify and/or receive a lower interest rate. your interest rate may be higher without a creditworthy cosigner.
15: source of all statistics in this paragraph: education data initiative, data as of august 20, 2023. here is a link to the article
16: savings that may be achieved are dependent upon a number of factors including, but not limited to, the following: loan amount, repayment term, repayment option, and interest rate.

if you have federal student loans that you are looking to refinance or consolidate, do your homework before you decide on a federal consolidation loan or refinancing with a private lender. if you consolidate your existing federal loan into a private refinance loan, you may lose valuable benefits, such as income driven repayment plans and potential loan forgiveness options that may be valuable to you in the long run.









































































subject to credit approval, loans are made by brazos education lending corporation or bank of lake mills. bank of lake mills does not have an ownership interest in brazos education lending corporation or its affiliates. bank of lake mills is not affiliated with the school you attended or are attending. bank of lake mills is member fdic. we are currently unable to lend to residents of the states of colorado, connecticut, iowa, maine, maryland, new jersey, oregon, and south dakota.
brazos and bank of lake mills reserve the right to modify or discontinue products and benefits at any time without notice. brazos loans are private education loans and do not have the same repayment or forgiveness options as are offered through the federal student loan program. program restrictions, other terms, and conditions apply. all loans are subject to individual approval and adherence to eligibility requirements and underwriting guidelines. not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. if approved, your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed in this website and will depend on a variety of factors, including whether your loan has a fixed or variable interest rate, the term of the loan and your credit score. rates and terms are subject to change at any time without notice.
the use of the term "brazos" refers to either brazos education lending corporation or brazos higher education, as the context dictates. go to  about us to learn more.
none of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by brazos or bank of lake mills to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments or other assets or provide any investment advice or service.






© the brazos higher education service corporation, inc. | all rights reserved.









 














			x			




















































privacy policy - terms and conditions










