


florida board of bar examiners








































toggle navigation menu


create an account
login









florida board of bar examiners


homeadmission requirementsrulesfaqexam information, test specifications, study guide, and virtual tourexamination results and statisticsapplication and conversion checklists and supporting formstest accommodations petitionlinksmpre informationsecurity policycontact usboardsite mapemployment opportunitiespractice analysis study



latest news



february 2025 filing deadline

the final deadline for the february 2025 general bar examination is january 15, 2025.   all required items, including the applicable late filing fee, must be received by that date in order to receive a ticket of admission into the examination.



august 2025 mpre deadline

the multistate professional responsibility examination (mpre) registration deadline for the august 2025 mpre is june 18, 2025.   please visit the ncbe's website at www.ncbex.org for information about applying to take that examination.



july 2028 examination announcement

the florida board of bar examiners has announced that it will administer the nextgen bar exam with florida law component beginning with the july 2028 florida bar exam.






in florida, the admission of attorneys to the practice of law is a judicial function. this board is an administrative agency of the supreme court of florida created by the court to handle matters of bar admission. the primary purpose of the character and fitness screening before admission to the florida bar is to protect the public and safeguard the judicial system. the primary purpose of the bar examination is to ensure that all who are ultimately admitted have demonstrated minimum technical competence. in order to be admitted in florida, an applicant must have proof of good moral character and must successfully complete the florida bar examination.

 this site offers answers to 
frequently asked questions (faq) about the admissions process, provides access to the 
rules of the supreme court relating to admissions to the bar and links to 
other agencies with useful information. additionally, the site provides access to a program for completing the bar application online and for printing bar application supporting forms.

 you are encouraged to read and review the 
admission requirements prior to proceeding to the 
checklists. be aware of the filing deadlines for the bar examination as specified in 
rule 4-43. 



schedule of filing deadlines & late fees







late fee



determined by



february exam



july exam





      timely
     


      postmarked on or before
     


      november 15
     


      may 1
     




      $325
     


      postmarked on or before
     


      december 15
     


      june 1
     




      $625
     


      received by
     


      january 15
     


      june 15
     





 initial applications received after january 15 for the february examination or after june 15 for the july examination will not be accepted. any application filing requirements completed subsequent to those dates, regardless of the date the initial application was filed, will not be considered to have met the late filing deadline and will not be accepted. if the examination filing deadline falls on a saturday, sunday, or holiday, then the deadline will be extended until the end of the next business day.





february 2025 filing deadline

the final deadline for the february 2025 general bar examination is january 15, 2025.   all required items, including the applicable late filing fee, must be received by that date in order to receive a ticket of admission into the examination.



august 2025 mpre deadline

the multistate professional responsibility examination (mpre) registration deadline for the august 2025 mpre is june 18, 2025.   please visit the ncbe's website at www.ncbex.org for information about applying to take that examination.



july 2028 examination announcement

the florida board of bar examiners has announced that it will administer the nextgen bar exam with florida law component beginning with the july 2028 florida bar exam.









copyright ©2011 - 2025 florida board of bar examiners. all rights reserved.













