



































whale watching tours - welcome to san juan safaris! | san juan island whale watching tours




















































  skip to main content







call today 360.378.1323





log in


gift cards







cart






















home


whale watching tours


planning


orca whales


about us














homepage


















san juan island whale watching tours
an unforgettable experience of breathtaking natural beauty in the pristine waters of the pacific northwest


view all tours




2025 tours now available! tours starting in march!














boat tour,
kid friendly,
whale watch


classic whale watch & wildlife tour @ friday harbor


3-4 hours on the water departs from friday harbormarine naturalist(s) for questionsheated inside the cabin areacomfortable restroom(s)great for families and small kidsadult: $125.00child: $89.00



      more details
    







boat tour,
kid friendly,
whale watch


adventure whale watch & wildlife tour @ friday harbor


almost water-level viewssmallest vessel in the fleetfast, safe, and comfortableprovided warm suits keep you comfy & dryrestroom on board360° walk around viewing deckadult: $150.00child: $150.00



      more details
    







boat tour,
kid friendly,
whale watch


classic whale watch & wildlife tour @ roche harbor


3-4 hours on the water departs from roche harbormarine naturalist(s) for questionsheated inside the cabin areacomfortable restroom(s)great for families and small kidsadult: $125.00child: $89.00



      more details
    




view all tours







getting heretraveling to the san juan islandswhat to bringmake sure you bring all of the essentialswhale watching faqanswers to some common questionswhy us?dive into our history and teamaround the islandthings in our spectacular hometownconservationour commitment to the environment












our spectacular backdrop
the san juan islands
there's nowhere else in the world quite like the san juan islands.  located just a few hours from downtown seattle by car and ferry (or an even shorter plane ride), the san juan islands are home to a thriving population of majestic orca whales.orca whales live, play, and raise their young in the waters of the haro strait near san juan island, washington.  in the spring, summer, and fall they ply the calm, cold, clear waters of the san juan islands, following the schools of pacific salmon returning to the rivers where they were born.  from mid-april until the beginning of october there's no better place to see orca whales than the san juan islands.in addition to whale watching, there's plenty to do in friday harbor and the rest of the san juan islands, including sea kayaking, hiking, and biking.  you'll also find plenty of local farms, vineyards, and farm-to-table restaurants to visit!


getting to san juan islands














want to skip the ferry?
take a scenic flight from seattle to san juan island with one of our whale plane packages!


click here to learn more














what have we been seeing lately?
whale report blog
curious about what we have been seeing out on the water? our marine naturalists love talking about wildlife on and off the water! check out our daily whale report to read about the wildlife we have been seeing on our tours as we move through every season in the salish sea.


whale report blog















it was awesome!! it took a little while to find some whales but when we did it was the most amazing and majestic sight to see!! highly recommend for out of towners!!

ellen m
visited september 2022





we saw two orcas on several occasions during the cruise in addition to the bald eagle, blue heron, turkey vulture, harbor seal and sea lion. great crew. recommended!

juha moisio
visited july 2022





we had a great time! the crew was friendly and knowledgeable and the weather was perfect. we got to see a pod of orcas and had a lovely tour of the islands.

christine s
visited june 2022





prev
next



















start your next adventure today! view all tours







tours


classic whale tour @ friday harbor


classic whale tour @ roche harbor


adventure whale tour @ friday harbor


birding safaris


kayak tours 


private charters


water taxi




adventure planning


getting to san juan island


preparing for your tour


san juan activities and lodgings


staying in seattle




orca whales


whale watching faq


whale watching guidelines




about us


conservation initiative


community enrichment


our history


our team


contact us


whale report blog











10 front st. suite 102.  friday harbor, wa 98250  360.378.1323




pacific whale watch association




we are proud members of the pacific whale watch association formerly known as whale watch operators association northwest. the "association" has worked with scientists, noaa and industry leaders to assist in writing the whale watching guidelines and best practices.





sanjuansafaris.com is the copyrighted intellectual property of san juan safaris, inc. friday harbor, wa. usa










