


rajasthan art an exclusive gallery of rajasthan handicrafts, rajasthan 
crafts exports, rajasthan wooden furniture, rajasthan exporter, rajasthan 
handicrafts supplier,rajasthan paintings, silver jewelry, rajasthan marble handicrafts, 
rajasthan jooties, silver jewellery india








































rajasthan art an exclusive gallery of
         rajasthan 
        handicrafts, rajasthan wooden furniture, rajasthan paintings, 
         rajasthan marble handicrafts, 
         polki 
         jewellery, 
         rajasthan silver handicraft, 
         
         polki earrings, silver jewellery from india etc.









































            about us



            about rajasthan



            rajasthan art & craft



            site map



            comments



            contact us


















indian silver jewellery





wooden furniture





stone articles






            painting






            silver articles





indian carpets






            textile





indian jooties






                wooden jharokha 






indian victorian jewellery





staine glass 
                panel





                polki earrings





                silk thread bangles






 
 
        
 
 
 


 



























                            
                            marble statues



                            marble god statue





                            marble fountains



                            marble furniture





                            marble lamps



                            marble fire place





                            marble inlay



                            
                            marble pots & bowl





                            marble animal figures



                            marble pedestals..





                            marble flower vase












                    we specialize in rajasthan fine sand stone carving. 
                    we make traditional as well as modern structures,  
                    large and small, for architects and interior designers. at 
                    the core of our team are  master craftsmen and carvers 
                    who descend from the artisans responsible for the taj mahal. 
                    we make designer structures such as simple and 
                    ornamental pillars, marble statues, 
                    marble fountains, trellises, 
                    marble window facades and marble jharokas 
                    (hanging balconies).  our utility and marble garden 
                    products include marble lamps, marble stone 
                    benches, 
                    marble chairs, marble tables, marble planters 
                    and birdbaths.









 


















                silver earrings





                gem stones




                polki jewelry





                gem stone beads





                silver rings





                silver pendants





                silver bracelets





                lakh jewellery


beaded 
                bracelets







rajasthan  is an unrivalled center for cut and 
            polished 
             gem beads and gem jewelry  - the ultimate place to go for 
            silver jewelry and fashion jewelry. elegant precious indian 
            jewelry 
            , known as kundan meena jewelry, is another high precision 
            art of 
            jaipur jewelry  in which gemstones are set into molten 
            gold with extreme finesse. gold and 92.5 % studded silver jewelry 
            from india 
            is famous everywhere, more particularly jaipur is for 
            silver jewelry and udaipur for tribal silver ornaments. 



 











 
  
 

































rajasthan carpets - modern rajasthani 
                carpets follow north's persian design. often dictated 
                by the buyer's tastes, such designs frequently incorporate 
                hunting scenes or romantic scenes or romantic themes from 
                persian poetry.  
                            durries - a durrie is a cool light 
                rug. rajasthani durries are smooth and closely woven. 
                pastel shades and a sparse use of geometrical and vegetal motifs 
                are popular.














                        antique durries/rugs




                                     carpets
















                rajasthan art specializes in carved wooden furniture that can 
                beautify any living room in the world. other regions of india 
                such as shekhawati, kishangarh have their own styles in wooden 
                furnitures. the furniture of jodhpur reflects an appealing old 
                look. painted wooden furniture like chairs and almirahs are also 
                commonly seen. rajasthan art launching a new era of
                
                leather furniture that has traditional or contemporary 
                leather furniture leather chairs, leather wine chairs, leather 
                sofas to suits for your decorative home.







                 wooden beds



                                     wooden bedsides





                                  wooden   cabinets



                                   wooden  side table





                                   wooden  sofas



                                    wooden sideboard





                                    wooden tables



                                    wooden day beds





                                    wooden chairs



                                    wooden doors..



wooden dining table


                    wooden bookshelves




                    leather furniture


                    victorian furniture

















                indian paintings like miniature paintings are 
                today among the most sought after souvenirs from rajasthan. 
                all major centers of miniatures, namely krishangarh, udaipur, 
                jaipur and marwar have their own styles of depicting 
                religious and court scenes. paintings of women is 
                another theme, which kishangarh has perfected as the 
                indian mona lisa.  















gemstone paintings



marble tile paintings
               




paper paintings
                




mica paintings



canvas paintings









 


 






 

absolutely astounding and unique in concept, 
            color and workmanship, the 
rajasthan art and 
rajasthan 
            handicrafts   are beyond comparison. be it
            
silver jewelry, 
gemstone beads ,beads silver 
            jewellery, miniature paintings, gemstone paintings, 
            painted marble handicrafts, wooden furniture, 
            wooden handicrafts, marble stone articles,  silver 
            articles & decorative items,
            
            gold and studded silver jewelry ,carpets, durries (rugs) or 
            rajasthan 
            hand-printed textiles, each object has a penetrating and 
            irresistible appeal. an ethnic aura envelopes even the simplest of 
            forms, making each one truly a collector’s delight.
            rajasthan, popularly known as the ‘treasure trove of 
            indian handicrafts’ and ‘shoppers paradise’, has been 
            able to preserve its 
            craft despite several ups and downs. its rich heritage has 
            played an important role in the economy of the state. the 
            
glittering jewelry of rajasthan and attractive handicrafts of rajasthan have 
            caught the fantasy of the people abroad and earned rich dividends.



            indian silver beaded necklace
            rajasthan, india’s royal state is world famous for enticing handmade 
            indian silver jewellery, gemstone silver jewelry, kundan jewelry, jadau 
            jewelry, lakh jewelry. rajasthan art is an online indian silver jewelry 
            gallery for those  people who keen for traditional indian silver 
            jewelry and ethnic jewelry from india. this gallery has elegant 
            collection of silver rings, silver pendants, silver bracelets, 
            silver necklace, designer beaded necklace and many exclusive silver 
            articles,
            
            victorian jewelry. rajasthani jewellers is also renowned for its elegant 
            lacquer and filigree work ( kundan meena jewelry). delicately cut 
            precious stones, and exquisite enameled & silver victorian jewelry. 
            the craftsmanship of jewellers and other skills of rajasthan are 
            renowned – particularly jaipur’s meenakari, a process of coloured 
            glass.


rajasthani jooties & mojri
            leather-ware, particularly jooties with embroidered uppers are 
            famous and popular. today even designer hand-bags with graphic 
            embroideries make a good buy. wood, metal and stone are used by 
            today’s craft persons to create decorative and utility items that 
            shoppers often find irresistible.


rajasthan 
            indian paintings
            miniature paintings of the finest quality continue to be executed in 
            rajasthan – both on paper and on large pieces of cloth. different 
            regions maintain their own style, known as different schools of 
            painting. some well-known schools of painting are marwar, mewar, 
            hadoti, kishangarh, dhundhar and alwar.


rajasthan 
            indian wooden furniture
the art of woodwork, painted furniture and dining room furniture in rajasthan, 
            india  is notable for its aesthetic 
            and functional appeal. painted furniture making is an essential part of the 
            woodwork. the technique of indian painted furniture in various colors is 
            quite common in rajasthan, india. the wooden items living room 
            furniture, dining room chairs, contemporary furniture are generally available. 
            wooden furniture starts from small chairs and tables, bajots and chowkis, 
            stools with string seats, wooden boxes, wooden cabinets, wooden mirror and 
            wooden picture 
            frames, doors and windows. 


rajasthan marble handicrafts
            rajasthan art offer, 
            marble handicrafts ,marble sculpture statue, 
            stone and marble crafts, marble gift supplier, marble craft, 
            marble 
            handicraft
            gift, stone artifacts, marble stone artifacts, indian artifacts, 
            marble handicrafts supplier, indian artifacts, marble sculpture, 
            marble 
            statue, indian stone artifacts, marble crafts, decorative marble 
            artwares, antique finish stone handicrafts, antique finish marble 
            handicrafts, marble handicraft suppliers, stone artifact exporters, 
            stone gifts from india, stone and marble crafts, marble handicrafts, 
            marble gifts, marble crafts, marble artifacts, marble handicraft 
            wholeasle.
 





 


new 
                arrivals 





 



                designer necklace














 




 
 
 








 









                        indian handicrafts exporter
rajasthan wooden furniture
wooden handicrafts exporter
jaipur handicrafts
ethnic jewelry
indian crafts
marble handicrafts 
                        india


rajasthan wooden antique
rajasthan stone exporter

                        indian rajasthan textile
marble 
                        stone lamp
rajasthan silver jewellery
rajasthan silver beads
rajasthan silver bracelets

                        jaipur lakh jewellery


marble handicrafts

                        marble painted pot

                        marble flower vase
rajasthan marble lamp
wooden handicrafts
silver candle stand
rajasthan silver bracelets

                        indian thakat furniture






 




 








          home



          about rajasthan



          rajasthan art&craft



          site map



          comments



          contact us








privacy policy

email

faq

feedback

disclaimer



          all contents copyright @ 2009
          rajasthan art. all rights reserved










 


 



 










