








reserve bank of australia





























































it appears javascript is currently blocked
check your browser settings and network. this website requires javascript for some content and functionality.


skip to content




reserve bank of australia

menu



what are you looking for?

search








monetary policy
market operations
payments & infrastructure
financial stability
banknotes
financial services
about us






media releases
speeches
publications
statistics
chart pack
research
archives
education
careers
q&a
contact us







the bank's mission and key statistics



								we are australia’s central bank and serve the people of australia.
							

								we conduct monetary policy, determine payments system policy, work to maintain a
								stable financial system, issue the nation’s banknotes, operate the core of the
								payments system and provide banking services to the government.
							




cash rate target

								4.10
								%



									effective date
									19 february 2025
								

									next update 2.30 pm,
									1 april 2025
								

cash rate target


inflation

consumer price index

									annual change
									december quarter 2024
								


								2.4
								%


monthly indicator

								december 2024

								


								2.5
								%

inflation


exchange rates

trade-weighted index


								60.7
							

usd


								0.6353
							

cny


								﻿4.6215

							

jpy


								﻿96.66

							

eur


								﻿0.6075

							

as at 4.00 pm,
									18 february 2025 

								

exchange rates






news & announcements

use left and right arrow keys to switch between tabs.





latest news


coming up




latest news



										monetary policy decision
									

										media conference
video




18 february 2025
3.30 pm aedt







											statement by the reserve bank board: monetary policy decision
										


										media release – at its meeting today, the reserve bank board decided to lower the cash rate target by
										25 basis points to 4.10 per cent and the interest rate paid on exchange settlement balances to 4 per cent.
									



18 february 2025
2.30 pm aedt







statement on monetary policy – february 2025
										




18 february 2025
2.30 pm aedt







											are investment tax breaks effective? australian evidence
										


										research discussion paper 2025-01
									



5 february 2025
11.30 am aedt







										fireside chat with brad jones, assistant governor (financial system), at conexus 2025 superannuation chair forum, sorrento
									


										no text available.
									



30 january 2025
2.20 pm aedt






rba bulletin – january quarter 2025




30 january 2025
11.30 am aedt




								more news and announcements
							


coming up


chart pack: graphs on the australian economy and financial markets



19 february 2025
11.30 am aedt






										interview with bloomberg australia
									
andrew hauser, deputy governor



20 february 2025
1.15 pm aedt





appearance before the house of representatives standing committee on economics – canberra
michele bullock, governor;
										andrew hauser, deputy governor;
										sarah hunter, assistant governor (economic); and
										brad jones, assistant governor (financial system)



21 february 2025
9.30 am aedt






										minutes of the february 2025 monetary policy meeting of the reserve bank board
									



4 march 2025
11.30 am aedt






										keynote speech by andrew hauser, deputy governor, at the afr business summit, sydney
									



5 march 2025
8.45 am aedt






										payments system board meeting
									



6 march 2025





								more upcoming events
							





monetary policy decision

			18 february 2025
		





		at its meeting, the reserve bank board decided to lower the cash rate target by
		25 basis points to 4.10 per cent.
	




statement on monetary policy - february 2025

			our quarterly assessment
		





		analysis and outlook for the economy considered by the board in making its interest rate decision.
	





featured areas of the bank's work



monetary policy



								our role is to contribute to the stability of the currency, full employment, and the economic prosperity and welfare of the australian people.
							




monetary policy decision




18 february 2025







statement on monetary policy




18 february 2025






reserve bank board meeting schedule







payments and market infrastructure



								we promote the efficiency and competitiveness of the payments system, and regulate market infrastructure to support financial stability.
							




bis and central bank partners demonstrate that policy compliance can be embedded in cross-border transactions with project mandala




28 october 2024






payments system board annual report 2024




25 september 2024






assessment of the reserve bank information and transfer system




12 june 2024








financial stability



								we work with other regulatory bodies to maintain the stability of the financial system to create favourable conditions to foster economic growth.
							




financial stability review




26 september 2024






regulatory framework







climate change and financial risk







banknotes



								we are responsible for all aspects of the production and issuance of australian banknotes. we work to make them durable and difficult to counterfeit.
							




counterfeit detection






banknote features






damaged banknotes






reimagine the $5 note







statistics



								we publish statistics and graphs that are relevant to our policy and regulatory responsibilities.
							




rba balance sheet




14 february 2025






official reserve assets – january 2025




7 february 2025






index of commodity prices – january 2025




3 february 2025









education



								we are committed to supporting teachers and students who want to learn more about our activities and the australian economy.
							




resources






teacher materials






economic update webinar event










about the reserve bank of australia

						we are australia’s central bank.
						
						learn more about what we do and how we do it.
					


watch video: role and functions


transcript

michele bullock, governor (2023 – present)
							
our job here at the reserve bank is to serve the community. the parliament of australia has given the
	reserve bank some very important responsibilities. it is our duty to promote the economic prosperity and
	welfare of the people of australia, both now and into the future. we do this in many ways, including by
	setting monetary policy to maintain price stability and full employment, by contributing to the
	efficiency and stability of the payments system and the stability of the financial system, and by banking
	the australian government and providing the nation’s banknotes.
probably the thing we do that is most familiar to people is set the level of interest rates. this is known
	as ‘monetary policy’, where we change interest rates to try to smooth fluctuations in the
	economy. the interest rate we control is the cash rate, which is the rate that banks charge each other to
	borrow overnight. now this interest rate influences other interest rates in the economy, such as those
	charged on your loans, or those you earn on your savings. changes in interest rates influence
	people’s decisions to buy things or invest money, and they affect the exchange rate and the value of
	any assets that people might hold, such as homes or shares. all this affects economic activity. in
	deciding where to set the cash rate, we want to keep inflation low and stable, averaging
	2-3 per cent – our inflation ‘target’, if you like. but we want to do it in a
	way that keeps the level of employment as high as possible. these outcomes are essential for a prosperous
	economy.
but there are many other things that we are responsible for as well.
the reserve bank’s also responsible for the stability of the financial system. we typically think of
	a stable financial system as one that is safe and helps money flow within the economy, even when there
	are disruptive events. we contribute to financial stability in a number of ways. one important way is by
	setting monetary policy that helps keep inflation low and stable and people fully employed. we also
	collaborate with other financial regulators – australian prudential regulation authority,
	australian securities and investment commission and the australian treasury – through the council
	of financial regulators to identify risks in the financial system and to develop plans to address them if
	they arise. in extreme situations, we can also provide lending to financial institutions that are sound
	but experiencing difficulties with liquidity.
now we also make and distribute australia’s banknotes. we have some of the highest quality and most
	secure banknotes in the world and they use technology that we in australia invented, the bank invented it with the csiro in the 1980s –
	polymer, or if you like, plastic banknotes. we have a purpose-built banknote printing facility and vault
	in the outer suburbs of melbourne. it might surprise many people that despite the use of electronic
	payments increasing, there is still a lot of demand for banknotes, particularly as a store of value.
we also operate the payment system that is at the centre of the movement of money in australia. when money
	goes from one bank to another, say when you pay a bill to somebody who banks with a different bank, the
	money comes through the reserve bank. we are also constantly looking at innovations to provide
	australians with the most efficient and secure ways to pay. for example, we worked with the banks to
	develop the new payments platform, which allows people to make payments in close to real time,
	24 hours a day, 7 days a week. and we are looking at how the nature of money and the payments
	system could evolve as technology changes.
we are the banker for the australian government. so, when you get a medicare refund, pay your tax or
	receive a refund, those transactions occur through the government’s bank accounts here at the
	reserve bank. it’s the same if you’ve ever needed a disaster relief or other support payment,
	perhaps during the covid-19 pandemic, floods or bushfires. we know that many
	people rely on these payments, and we feel privileged to partner with the government in getting these
	vital payments to you quickly and reliably.
a lot of research, analysis, innovation and support is required to deliver all of these functions. we do
	all this with a bit over 1,500 people. most of us are located here in sydney. but we have a banking
	branch in canberra and offices in brisbane, melbourne, adelaide, perth, beijing, london and new york.
we’re the nation’s central bank and we take our responsibilities to the australian people very
	seriously.


find out about our role and functions








careers

							ready to be part of something bigger? use your talents and experience to make a difference for millions of australians. explore
							careers at the bank,
							our current opportunities or our
							intern and graduate programs and discover how you can be more.
						





rba museum

							explore australia's banknotes
							from before federation to the introduction of decimal currency
							and our current banknote series. learn about banknote designs
							and the people on them, including first nations
							peoples, other notable australians
							and queen elizabeth ii.
						






 back to top




sign up for email and sms alerts
subscribe


follow us




facebook





x





linkedin





youtube





instagram





flickr






affiliate sites

banknotes
unreserved
museum
council of financial regulators
australian foreign exchange committee
h.c. coombs centre


					the reserve bank of australia supports the
					foundation for children.
				


				the materials on this webpage are subject to copyright and their use is subject to the terms and conditions set out in the
				copyright and disclaimer notice.
				© reserve bank of australia, 2001–2025. all rights reserved.


				the reserve bank of australia acknowledges the aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples of australia as the traditional custodians of this land, and recognises their continuing connection to country.
				we pay our respects to their elders, past and present. aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples should be aware that this website may contain the names, images and voices of people who are now deceased.
			




references


for media
judicial notice
privacy
accessibility
procurement
glossary
schedules & events


report a vulnerability
scams


public interest disclosure



access to information


















