





welcome to casus belli (military books and medals)





























































 










home

who we are

login

sign up

advanced search

research centre
 





surname search:



















the register - read about...







who we are







the small print







what's new







research services







south african researchers







your data







links







medals for sale







books for sale







medals wanted









not logged in












announcements





boer war casualties boer war medals boer war research






the register is on facebook, join us and keep up to date or ask a question or leave a comment.

' 
' 
' 
' 










the register of the anglo-boer war 1899-1902 - anglo-boer war casualties, medals and much more



       boer war casualties? boer war medals? the register is the premier  award winning research resource for everyone interested in the participants of the anglo-boer war, over 443,330 men and women are included. ** it's official! who do you think you are? magazine  selected the register as one of the best sites for boer war research.  the table below allows you to compare the difference, you won't find as broad a range of data anywhere organised specifically for the researcher! please read the user guide to learn how to get the most out of the register.    data available   ancestry   the register      latest blogs     casualty records   uncorrected - why does this matter?   fully revised: 60,500 records, 3,600 "new"names, 10,500 new casualty events        kaalboschfontein mystery     medal roll pages/clasp entitlement   error strewn index   yes, over 446,090 medal roll page links with one view - unique to the register - one click shows all this information on a single page. and over 282,000 clasp entitlements. save time!       sergeant-major's fortune     honours & awards   no   in progress: all vcs, dcms, '000s dsos, mids & other honour and awards      for more informative blogs browse the full index     war memorials   no   in progress: 21,710 names linked to war memorials     biographical details   no   yes - often linking men to previous and subsequent military service     service papers   yes   indicate if they are known to exist covers navy, marines, army (regulars & militia) and raf     gazetteer   no   45% casualty locations and 81% casualties linked to a mapped location     data insights   no   yes:  the research centre.     sources used   five   over 565 sources listed here.     medals exist?   no   26,810 records of medals extant for 20,180 individuals, including previous and subsequent military service     handy summary page for your records?   no   yes! view sample summary page     expert compiler and research assistance?   no   yes, 37 plus years experience     regularly updated?   no   yes, at least once a week       the register licences most of it's data to findmypast, the register remains the most up-to-date source.        payment can be made instantly and safely using your credit card through paypal.cookies: these are only used to manage your session while logged in. your information is not shared with any third parties. read more in the small print.   looking for help with research? read this cautionary tale. check out my research services and email me! doing your own research? read our guide: researching your ancestor in the anglo-boer war.        we hope you find this website useful, informative and easy to use. let us know!    




	www.casus-belli.co.uk © copyright 2025

 database designed and maintained by casus-belli.co.uk.
	




 
 









