

motor bus society







 


<<<  what's new on the mbs web site for early fall 2022  <<<






  fall 2022 
 chicago, illinois 


thursday october 13th thru october 16th, 2022

(registration now open)

the fall 2022 convention (chicago, illinois) will be headquartered at the double tree by hilton o’hare – 5460 north river road, rosemont, il. this will be a 4-day (thursday thru sunday) convention. 
convention activities: registration and 
sign-in will take place in the double tree by hilton - o'hare lobby near the registration desk starting at 
7:30 am on thursday, friday, saturday 
and sunday,
  with buses departing promptly at 8:00 am each
  day. 

garage and facility tours: the
tentative itinerary
includes the following locations, subject to change: 

thursday, october 13 – waukegan/north chicago
the following visits have been requested, bus transfer facilities could substitute for some venues: • waukegan/north chicago pulse • kenosha transit facility • racine transit facility • milwaukee transit facility • waukesha transit facility 
friday, october 14 – local chicago and south
the following visits have been requested, bus transfer facilities could 
substitute for some venues: • cta’s 95th/dan ryan station • cta’s 77th street 
shops • pace south division • chicago heights transit center • gary public 
transportation corp. or kanakee river valley mass transit district 
the mbs business meeting will 
take place on friday, october 14th starting at 7:00 pm (est)  we may plan 
to simulcast the business meeting and guest speaker via zoom.  more details 
on how to join via zoom will be announced on or about october 1st. 

saturday, october 15 – west and north of chicago
the following visits have been requested, bus transfer facilities could substitute for some venues: • dekalb transit • rockford mass transit district • illinois railway museum (irm) will be for the balance of the day 
sunday, october 16 - chicagoland
the following visits have been requested, bus transfer facilities could substitute for some venues: • cta’s jefferson park station (could also be visited on saturday) • cta’s bus facility(ies) that could include the cta historic bus fleet – more details to follow 
convention registration information 
package is now available - see the link under "fall 2022 convention - chicago, illinois " 
to the right or just below.  the deadline for making hotel reservations using the 
mbs discounted room rate is:  wednesday, september 21st.
covid-19 advisory - the mbs strongly suggests that you be 
vaccinated against covid-19 to attend this trip.  the mbs cannot guarantee 
that you will be admitted to all venues that will be visited if you are not 
vaccinated.
check
the mbs web site and facebook page for
up to the minute updates on planned convention activities. 

convention registration information, additional travel information, hotel 
details and more are now available.  please see the fall 2022 convention registration package linked
here for more 
details.

thank you and stay healthy & safe everyone!
the motor bus society







 




follow these links to
other pages within our site:
our magazines
motor
coach age

motor
coach today
our next convention




fall 2022 
chicago, illinois 
convention registration & information


future conventions


prior
conventions
mbs info &
membership
 how to join
the mbs

membership application

the mbs
archives

information
on how to donate to the mbs & mbs archives

the mbs
officers

how to
contact the mbs

for
mbs members


current
edition of mbs newsletter

extra
sections!

bus dispatcher

next stop
world of buses

bus links
-  

many web
links to the world of buses








welcome to the motor
bus society web site!
the motor bus society was founded in
  1948 as the national motor bus association. the purpose of the
  organization then, as it is now, is the collection and publication of
  information about the history and development of the bus industry in
  north america . motor bus society members includes industry
  professionals, students and members of the general public who have an
  interest in bus transportation industry and bus equipment.
twice per year, the motor bus society
  members holds two conventions in the spring and fall. 
  conventions feature bus excursions (sometimes on historical equipment),
  bus garage and bus facility tours and photo stops.

as a
member of the motor bus society, you will also receive our quarterly
publication,    
 motor
coach age.  
selected back issues
of motor
coach age and motor
coach today (no longer published) are
still available for purchase.  just let us know if you wish to
purchase back issues. 


now celebrating our 74th year, 
the mbs has over 500+
  members in the us, canada and abroad!  we invite you to become a
    member of the mbs. in the meantime, enjoy our website, which
  offers photos of bus equipment and summaries of current issues of motor
    coach age and past issues of   
motor coach today.

current issue of motor coach 
    age

 july - december 2019 

featured in this issue:

 blue 
& white lines, lincoln coach lines & sun valley bus lines 

by murray s. kramer
 
the july - december  2019 issue of motor coach age features the 
history of blue & white lines of altoona, pa and their acquistions of lincoln coach 
lines of central pennsylvania and sun valley bus lines of phoenix, arizona.  
 
copies are of this issue are available for purchase for $15.00 each plus 
shipping.  please see the mca/mct back issues listing linked
here for more 
details on how to order this issue.
issue mailed to members:  
	june 2021








 





