




home  -  in search of the heroes








































in search of the heroes






when holley vaughn asked her father for help on a history paper, she never realized the effect it would have on students, teachers and families across the country. understanding his daughter's disinterest in dry history, greg vaughn wondered why someone didn't do something to make it more interesting. being a film maker, he decided that the someone should be him!
"in search of the heroes" was born out a parent's desire to make history come alive for his children. the collection has won every major educational award that can be won, including 2 emmy's. available on dvd and online streaming.
come along on the journey and "prepare for adventure!"
 





 
 
 
 
 


welcome
welcome to the emmy award winning in search of the heroes collection... your site for learning about heroes like anne frank, helen keller, harriet tubman, thomas edison, susan b anthony, george washington carver, and many others. live action dramas done in a "back to the future" format. 




testimonies
i am a high school teacher and teach students with behavioral disorders. many of my kids are members of gangs. most have a criminal record of some sort. i just wanted to write and tell you how moved i (and my class) was upon viewing your movie "forget me not". read more




about
in search of the heroes is character-based educational entertainment at its finest. watch as these action/adventure movies make the heroes of the past come alive for the kids of today. with our emmy award winning series we're committed to building the next generation of heroes.




 
























 
 





 

































             
 






























 








grace
 products





video access page





















home
about

about us
testimonies 


rental
library
products
heroes

anne frank
harriet tubman
susan anthony
helen keller
william travis
sam houston
mark twain
thomas edison
george washington carver
buffalo bill cody
the pioneer spirit


contact us
login
















copyright 2016. grace products. all rights reserved.

home | 
	library | 
	contact | 
	about












 




 





