








analytics tools and solutions | ibm





























































home



analytics




                



  
    analytics tools and solutions






    


            

                    


  
  
      data strategy with an architectural approach — support data-driven decisions for your business
  




    


                


explore the guide 






















































            
                
                    

     
    business intelligence and data-driven architecture




    


                
                
            
        



to thrive in this age of the unexpected, companies must leverage data to create customer loyalty, automate business processes and innovate future ideas. but the demand for big data has outpaced our ability to solve our existing data analysis problems and the copy and paste method has only made things worse.
large and small businesses need a new architecture—a data fabric—to become truly data-driven and put ai to work to meet their kpis. with a data fabric approach, user-friendly business intelligence platforms can connect the right people to the right data sets at the right time to promote agility, predict outcomes and personalize experiences.
business analytics software: business analytics bring you the versatility to make confident data-driven decisions informed by real-time insights, business analytics tools, forecasts, data analytics and bi tools to increase profitability and drive outcomes across key metrics. 
data science and analytics: ai is quickly becoming a critical strategic component for organizations across industries to hasten the delivery of innovative products and services, meet customers expectations, reduce risk and fraud and to drive revenue growth. the right analytics platform will provide automated, supported analytic capabilities to streamline workflows, eliminate costly errors and save time for data scientists, data analysts and line of business owners.text analytics:  by investing in text analytics businesses can empower their experts to dedicate more time on creating value for their stakeholders and less time on cumbersome business processes.
 






            introducing
        

            watsonx bi assistant
        
get insights in seconds with your ai-powered business analyst and advisor.









 data fabric




            get the latest on the spss statistics 30.0.0 release — read the community blog! 
            
        
















            
            

     
    benefits




    


        



provide access with data fabric: simplify raw data access for self-service, while ensuring governance and privacy.
end-to-end data management: better cost performance and productivity with unparalleled scale and resiliency.
predict outcomes: empower business users with ai-driven self-service analytics to predict outcomes.
customized experiences for customer relationship management (crm): strengthen customer relationships through any channel with more accurate and concise answers to inquiries in any language.










            
            

     
    ibm® business analytics enterprise




    


        


                
                


  
  
      single point of entry for business planning and in-depth analysis for faster data-driven decisions
  




    


                
            


learn more
































































        



  
    ibm planning analytics






    


    



streamline and integrate financial and operational planning across the enterprise.



learn more
            
        
book a live demo
            
        


























































        



  
    ibm cognos® analytics






    


    



make confident decisions using cognos dashboards. sophisticated data visualization tools that enable smarter analytics.



learn more
            
        
try ibm cognos analytics for free
            
        




























































        



  
    watsonx bi assistant






    


    



 ask questions and get answers in seconds. discover insights with your ai-powered business analyst and advisor.



learn more
            
        
join the waitlist
            
        


























































        



  
    ibm controller






    


    



automate and accelerate close, consolidation and reporting process with the agility and affordability of a cloud-based solution.



learn more
            
        








            
            

     
    data science and analytics




    


        


                
                


  
  
      better predictions and analytic outcomes
  




    


                
            



























































        



  
    ibm watson® studio






    


    



build and scale trusted ai on any cloud. automate the ai lifecycle for modelops.



learn more
            
        


























































        



  
    ibm spss® statistics






    


    



uncover data insights with our drag-and-drop interface to solve business and research problems.



learn more
            
        




























































        



  
    ibm infosphere® optim™






    


    



manage data from requirements through retirement to improve business agility while reducing costs.



learn more
            
        


























































        



  
    ibm ilog® cplex® optimizer






    


    



optimize a high-performance solver for linear, mixed-integer and quadratic programming.



learn more
            
        








            
            

     
    text analytics




    


        


                
                


  
  
      less time spent digging for answers, with machine learning resources that leverage ai to power decision making
  




    


                
            



























































        



  
    ibm watson discovery






    


    



accelerate business decisions and processes by applying natural-language, ai-powered content analysis to discover answers and insights faster.



learn more
            
        







            
            

     
    connect the data to the right people




    


        


                
                


  
  
      predict outcomes faster using a platform built with data fabric architecture
  




    


                
            



























































        



  
    ibm cloud pak® for data






    


    



collect, organize and analyze cloud-based information from any data source, whether using tableau, sql, sisense or any other tool.



learn more
            
        


























































        



  
    ibm infosphere® information server






    


    



meet your unique requirements, from data integration to data quality and governance.



learn more
            
        


























































        



  
    ibm netezza® performance server






    


    



achieve simplicity, scalability, speed and sophistication, all deployable as a service, on cloud and on premises.



learn more
            
        















        case study: royal bank of scotland
    




royal bank of scotland uses an ai platform to ensure the agent has the most accurate information in real time to help make the home buying process easier and improve customer satisfaction.








                    
                        
                            

     
    data-driven and ai analytics resources




    


                        
                        
                    
                



















            what is business intelligence?
        
analyze business data to gain actionable insights and inform decision making.

learn about business intelligence




















            what is data science?
        
learn how data science can unlock business insights, accelerate digital transformation and enable data-driven decision making.

learn about data science




















            what is a data architecture?
        
discover what a data architecture is and the components available to implement one.

learn about data architecture 




















            what is a data fabric?
        
learn how data fabrics orchestrate data intelligently across a distributed landscape, surfacing it for data consumers 

learn about data fabric
























next steps








        



  
    explore ibm planning analytics






    


    



automate and unify integrated business planning across your organization. turn ai-driven predictions into actions.



explore the solution
            
        




        



  
    explore ibm cloud pak for data






    


    



collect, organize and analyze data no matter where it resides with ibm cloud pak for data.



explore the solution
            
        



        



  
     ibm client engineering






    


    



rapidly innovate and co-create with ibm experts to solve your most complex business challenges.



learn more
            
        









































































