
















drsmoothie – your daily dose of delicious



















































 































about
products
recipes
news + events
merchandising
contact
 



































your daily dose of delicious
dr. smoothie provides simple yet delicious on-the-go beverage solutions you can feel good about serving your customers. that’s because dr. smoothie uses the best ingredients and nothing unexpected.


browse our products 














no artificial flavors, colors or sweeteners and no preservatives
















have you tried our robust portfolio of dr. smoothie products yet?












100% crushed












organic












classic 












refreshers 












addins












cafe essentials
















your premium smoothie experts since 1997.
health and wellness innovation from the start.
our goal is to approach everything we do with a healthy twist without compromising taste because, in the end, taste is king.


become our customer








for your busy customers seeking healthy options on-the-go, dr. smoothie offers the widest variety of easy to prepare, delicious and nutritious  beverages.
ideal for satisfying your customers’ daily “me moments”,  dr. smoothie delivers great-tasting smoothies flavored by nature and specialty beverages crafted with a healthy twist.


learn more about us recipe and application inspiration 


flavor of the month & more





new dragon fruit lychee refreshers: 
refresh. recharge.








 more than a natural source of energy, the newest dr. smoothie refreshers flavor addition is available to reinvigorate your 2021 spring beverage menu.
learn more  




recent news from dr. smoothie








 

now serving: refreshers dragon fruit lychee
discover the flavor of 2021 reinvigorate your beverage menu with the next flavor sensation: dragon fruit lychee. more than thirst-quenching, dr....
read more 




 

veggies in the mix
let’s be honest: vegetables are great! they are not always valued for their deliciousness, however. if they were, the majority...
read more 




 

pumpkin spice and everything nice
tis' the season for pumpkin spice lattés. and lots of them. it's that time of year again. time for school...
read more 









 
a new generation of selling tools
your success is our success. that’s why dr. smoothie offers merchandising tools designed to keep you and your business ahead of the curve. we are proud to be your product and marketing partner.

browse our merchandise








 











 join the club
 be the first to hear about special deals, new products and updates. 





first name






last name






email




tell me about 

													news											


													products											


													promotions											


													new product launches											








 submit 














connect with us!





#drsmoothie



have questions? we can help.
contact us 
 









terms of sale


terms of purchase


terms of use


privacy policy


© 2025 bevolution group 4401 s oakley ave chicago, il 60609 united states









 



































