


welcome to greenbriar riding academy













































































































homeabout uspricingprogram info & forms ▼discover the world of poniesspring break horse campsintroductory lesson coursesummer campgift certificatesrelease formcontact ushorsemanship calendarbook intro lessonlearn about summer campsubscribe to our newsletterriding dreams begin here: welcome to greenbriar riding academywhere riding dreams take flight: step into the world of greenbriar riding academy! embark on an equine adventure and book your intro lesson today.book intro lessonabout greenbriar riding academywelcome to greenbriar riding academy, where passion for equestrian excellence meets the beauty of riding. established with a commitment to fostering a love for horses and providing top-notch equestrian services, greenbriar riding academy is more than just a stable – it's a community of riders, trainers, and equine enthusiasts.greenbriar riding academy has been providing opportunities for children and adults to immerse themselves in the world of horses since 1993! our business provides the horses and equipment for individuals who do not own their own horses to learn how to ride and care for horses. located in springville, ia we look forward to serving horse lovers in the cedar rapids/marion metro area and all of eastern iowa. stop by greenbriar riding academy and let's see what we can do for you!serviceswe provide the horses and equipment for your riding experienceour program has curriculum for mounted and unmounted lessonsprivate riding lessonsgroup riding lessonssummer day campsspring specialty horse camphorse trainingwinter specialty horse campshorse boardingunmounted curriculumhorse training curriculumriding curriculumweekly lessonssummer day campshow teamenglish ridingwestern ridingground work trainingin-hand trainingour program & pricingat greenbriar riding academy, we offer a range of carefully crafted programs to cater to every rider's unique journey.goldthis is my sport!$799/monthincludes in gold:access to three ½ hour private or three 1 hour group riding lessons per weekunlimited horsemanship classes per monthoption to reserve a specific school horse for your lessonsaccess to tack storage for your equipmentaccess to show off site with reserved school horse at local shows if student is green level or higheravailable upgradessemi-private $949one hour private $1099enroll in goldsilverlevel up with consistency.$549/monthincludes in silver:access to two ½ hour private or two 1 hour group riding lessons per weekunlimited horsemanship classes per monthaccess to proven curriculumaccess to in house showsaccess to show off site at local shows if student is yellow level or higheravailable upgradessemi-private $649one hour private $749enroll in silverbronzegreat for getting started.$299/monthincludes in bronze:access to one ½ hour private or one 1 hour group lesson per weekunlimited horsemanship classes per monthaccess to proven curriculumaccess to in house showsavailable upgradessemi-private $349one hour private $399enroll in bronzewhat our riders sayreviews from happy ridersdiscover the authentic voices of our riders who have shared their stories, testimonials, and glowing reviews on google.todd hefflefingerparentmy son just started lessons and i'm so impressed by the facility, the staff and the horses. my son has a vision impairment so it is hard to find activities he can be a full participant. greenbriar has been great helping him where he needs it, while allowing independence. so fortunate to have this riding academy in eastern iowa!amy bishopstudentoutstanding passion for both their student’s abilities as well as a personal understanding of each of their horses/ponies personalities. to create a great match at each level of riding. you will witness true horsemanship which for our family created years of amazing memories.colleen bremsriderexcellent instructors for individual or small group lessons. child and adult. very well maintained facilities. healthy well cared for horses.penelope schoonfamilymy granddaughter has taken the riding camps for 8 years. it has been a great confidence builder. she is comfortable with all aspects of horse care. i am so glad we found this wonderful place for learning to ride and care for horses.noelle mcclainparentone of the best places to learn to ride and make friends while doing so! their horse lovers program (ages 12 and up) is where i made most of my friends. i learned to ride here,...thanks for being such an awesome place for all ages to love and enjoy horses with a positive experience.joe barber iistudentrobin is the best at what she does. she is so kind and knowledgeable and shares her passion with grace. she holds her students to high standards but supports them completely to get to those standards with the tools she teaches them along the way. beautiful farm too!!our gallerydive into the joyful world of greenbriar riding academy through our vibrant photo gallery!get in touch to start your horsemanship adventure!ready to saddle up for your equestrian journey? reach out to us today to start your horse riding adventure! whether you have questions or are eager to book your first lesson, we're here to help. contact us and let's ride towards your horsemanship goals!" 🐴📞🌟🏇full name *phone *email *message submitstart your riding journeybook your first lesson today!where riding dreams take flight: step into theworld of greenbriar riding academy!book intro lessonmenuhomepricingcontact usrelease formhorsemanship calendarsummer camp 2025contact infoaddress: 8 1st ave, springville, lowa 52336phone: (319) 854-7115email: greenbriarridingacademy@gmail.comcopyright © 2025 greenbriar riding academy - design with ❤️ by impulsion.ioprivacy policyprimary colorhero backgroundhero textprimary backgroundupdate button colorbook intro lesson

