









ohio rv dealer | used rv dealer | ohio camper dealer - hartville rv
























1.800.686.0201













about us
staff
contact us
news
 
new camperspre-owned campersparts & accessoriesfinancingservicestorage 















 




a premier ohio & nationally top 50 ranked rv dealership - new and used campers




what's your style?



travel trailers
folding campers
fifth wheel trailers
folding travel trailers
toy haulers


one for every getaway...
view our full line of new jayco, durango, and spree rvs. more









meet braxton creek's bushwhacker plus!
a bigger, bolder option to the traditional teardrop camper, but still keeping the weight under 3,000 pounds. this means you can pull it with virually anything! this little camper packs a big punch with anything you need in a smaller camper! these campers include: 

2 burner cooktop
kitchen sink with faucet
12v refrigerator
led interior & exterior light package
blue-tooth ready stereo with speakers
110v and usb ports
5,000btu a/c
12,000btu furnance
6-gal gas/electric  water heater
expanded "wet bath"

and so much more! 
stop in today to check what these compact campers have to offer! 

 
 
hartville rv center is honored to be named by rv business magazine as one of the top 50 dealers in north america for the eighth time!  click here to read the rv business magazine article.
 rv business magazine asks rv manufacturers across the united states and canada to nominate dealers who exemplify best practices and excellence in their field. chosen by an independent panel of industry experts, the top 50 dealers excel in such areas as customer service and statisfaction, employee training and education, financial planning, and property management.
hartville rv center is honored to be among this year's award recipients.  for over 50 years, we have strived:


to create a hassle-free rv dealership


to create an experience void of high-pressure, pushy sales staff


to create an atmosphere of customer confidence


to create a place where customers are family, not numbers


this award makes us feel that we are making great strides towards accomplishing these goals. be assured that we will continue in our efforts to be an rv dealer that you, the customer, will come to for all of your camping needs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



hartville rv center inc. is very proud to announce being a 2024-2025 recipient of "rv business'" top 50 dealer award for the 8th year!!!  this is awarded to the best of the best out of over 2,800 rv dealerships in north america.  come in, see and experience, why!
 
our ohio rv dealership has been family owned and operated for 54 years!!!
founded by john & nancy pastore, we have become the area's most respected ohio rv dealership specializing in; jayco travel trailers, and fifth wheels, kz connect, and escape travel trailers, kz durango, and durango gold fifth wheels, kz venom toy haulers, gulf stream vintage & vista cruisers, gulf stream envision travel trailers, and braxton creek bushwhacker tear drop models. owned & operated daily by 2nd generation sons jeff and bob pastore, along with their highly experienced and well-trained rv team, you will soon see what sets us apart.
we invite you to browse our website which reflects the new renovations that have taken place at the dealership. please sign up for exclusive e-mail offers, and when a unit catches your eye, feel free to contact our ohio rv dealership, or stop in for a fresh cup of coffee, and see what all the buzz is about. your drive will be well worth the time.
our team is always happy to assist you with any questions about jayco and kz rvs (new or pre-owned), towing issues, rv parts, or rv service. we look forward to hearing from you soon; so browse away and learn how hartville rv center, inc. can help you and your family
“make the most of your good times.”
 
 
we are the authorized jayco rv dealership for:
stark, wayne, summit, portage, holmes, columbiana, carroll, tuscarawas, and coshocton counties; although we welcome and service all counties and surrounding states. please stop in or call to see why 1,000's of customers for over 54 years have turned to hartville rv center, inc. for all their rving needs.
 
 
.



 


like us on facebook: 


hartville rv center, inc.
hartville rv center, inc.
contact: hartville rv center, inc. 

540 south prospect ave hartville, oh 44632
us

contact us by phone: 
toll-free: 1.800.686.0201 local: 330.877.3500
        fax: 330.877.1195	

store hours
mon, tues, thurs, & fri.  9am - 5pm
saturday    9am - 4pm
closed wednesday and sunday



navigation
new campers
pre-owned campers
parts & accessories
financing
service
storage


camper types
toy haulers
fifth wheel trailers
travel trailers


utility about us
staff
contact us
news
directions
privacy policy
 
copyright 2025  hartville rv center, inc.  all rights reserved.
 














