





























vegas slot casino - casino rewards member casino











english



english
deutsch
español
suomi
français
slovenčina








toggle navigation










loyalty program
member casinos
casino games
jackpots

winners

millionaires' club
winners' stories
recent winners
toyl stories


millionaires' club
winners' stories
recent winners
toyl stories
vip
faq









get started at vegas slot casino with a
$700 welcome bonus!






click hereto play

vegas slot casino - a member of casino rewards
prepare to visit the glitzy and glamourous las vegas from your very own home! at vegas slot casino, you'll be entranced by the bright lights and multimillion dollar jackpots. try your luck on any of our 552 games and you're guaranteed to find a favourite soon. the casino is decked out with such high quality graphics, sounds and interactive features that you'll begin to think you really are in las vegas!
get started at vegas slot casino with a $700 welcome bonus!
what better way to start your vegas slot casino experience than with an incredible $700 bonus? here’s how to claim your multi-level sign up match bonus:


first deposit - 100% match bonus (up to $100)
second deposit - 50% match bonus (up to $150)
third deposit - 30% match bonus (up to $150)
fourth deposit - 20% match bonus (up to $100)
fifth deposit - 10% match bonus (up to $200)


vegas-worthy online gambling experience at vegas slot casino
the generous welcome bonus is not the only reason to start playing with us. when you join vegas slots casino, you will automatically become a member of the acclaimed casino rewards loyalty program, granting you access to generous rewards, extra bonus offers and tickets in the vip lucky jackpot, which is drawn every 8 hours.
we also provide our players with 24/7 support via email or live chat, as well as fast and efficient payment of winnings. start playing today at vegas slot casino!

casino play at vegas slot casino is available only to persons older than 19 years of age, or the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction, whichever is the greater. minors may not play at this online casino under any circumstances. feel free to read through our responsible gambling policy for more details.
fair play need never be a concern for our players, as vegas slot casino is independently reviewed with the results published on this website. you can review our fair play policy at any time. percentage payouts are reviewed by independent auditors.
to read full terms and conditions for vegas slot casino click here.




click hereto play







need help logging in?

email: support@crhelpdesk.com

have a casino related question?
click here to read our faq.











contact us
privacy policy
responsible gambling
affiliates click here
marketing deals








19





gmt: 14:37:48 tue, 18-feb-2025





affiliate id: typein_cr:en_casinos_vegas-slot-casino:














