     ford dealership lagrange ga | newnan | auburn                              
  


 







                                           mike patton ford        sales 706-407-4747    service 706-407-4785  direct 706-882-0600      1402 lafayette parkwayla grange, ga 30241                      service        map        contact                       mike patton ford            call 706-407-4747   directions                       specials   specials   pre-owned specials   manufacturer incentives specials   service & parts specials   monthly specials      new   new ford inventory   research new ford models   model showroom   new specials   custom order   edmunds trade-in   kbb instant cash offer!   ford protect   test drive     used   certified pre-owned overview   used car inventory   vehicles under $20k    research used ford models   schedule test drive   value your trade   find my car   ford certified benefits   edmunds trade-in   kbb instant cash offer!   certified pre-owned inventory     commercial   search commercial   fordcredit commercial lending services   commercial lines of credit   commercial red carpet lease   commercial lease   ford fleet care   advanced fuels   roush parts     service & parts   service & parts   schedule your service   service center   tires   why service with us?   order accessories   fordpass   ford parts department   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     lifetime powertrain warranty   finance   finance department   payment calculator   apply for credit   pre-qualify – no ssn required   edmunds trade-in   kbb instant cash offer!   protect your vehicle     roush   about roush   view inventory    roush mustangs   roush trucks   roush raptor   roush nitemare   roush parts     about us   about us   our mission statement   mike patton 10 promises   meet our staff   hours & directions   employment opportunities    customer reviews   mike patton advantage   our blog                     home   specials   specials   pre-owned specials   manufacturer incentives specials   service & parts specials   monthly specials      new   new ford inventory   research new ford models   model showroom   new specials   custom order   edmunds trade-in   kbb instant cash offer!   ford protect   test drive     used   certified pre-owned overview   used car inventory   vehicles under $20k    research used ford models   schedule test drive   value your trade   find my car   ford certified benefits   edmunds trade-in   kbb instant cash offer!   certified pre-owned inventory     commercial   search commercial   fordcredit commercial lending services   commercial lines of credit   commercial red carpet lease   commercial lease   ford fleet care   advanced fuels   roush parts     service & parts   service & parts   schedule your service   service center   tires   why service with us?   order accessories   fordpass   ford parts department   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     lifetime powertrain warranty   finance   finance department   payment calculator   apply for credit   pre-qualify – no ssn required   edmunds trade-in   kbb instant cash offer!   protect your vehicle     roush   about roush   view inventory    roush mustangs   roush trucks   roush raptor   roush nitemare   roush parts     about us   about us   our mission statement   mike patton 10 promises   meet our staff   hours & directions   employment opportunities    customer reviews   mike patton advantage   our blog                  



mike patton ford
get the deal of your life!


new inventory
pre-owned inventory
pre-qualify no ssn
schedule service
view our specials


    inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       





                                                               search new inventory     search used inventory            a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory   


     
     



commercial vehicle center
the mike patton ford commercial vehicle center program is designed for commercial customers who need complete transportation solutions. with full support from ford motor company and ford credit commercial lending services, we know how to serve your commercial fleet business. we provide quick solutions for sales, service and finance demands, and stock genuine parts to keep your fleet on the job.
search commercial


      










2024 f-150
2024 f-150
tougher than before. smarter than ever.
the all-new f-150 is purpose-built from the ground up — redesigned to be the toughest, most productive f-150 ever. this is what happens when you merge premium-grade muscle with finely tuned intelligence and design. a beast with brains. a relentlessly tough, high-strength, military-grade, aluminum-alloy body and torture-tested high-strength steel frame with new tech to help you work smarter and harder.
find yours







       

ford dealership
located in la grange, ga
looking for the latest new ford cars for sale? come on down to mike patton ford – your number one new, certified pre-owned, and used car dealership in lagrange, ga. read on to learn more about how our team can make your car-buying experience successful.
whether you’re searching for ford f-150 for sale in lagrange, ga, or you’re on the hunt for the latest ford explorer or ford edge models, we have you covered with one of the region’s largest selections of cars currently available.
financing and service options available now at mike patton ford
we’re here to serve you. inquire about our personalized payment options through our leading finance center, or explore our top-of-the-line service center in lagrange, ga — and see what service coupons in lagrange, ga, we have to offer!
ready to get started? connect with the team at mike patton ford today at 706-407-4785 — or stop by the top ford dealership in lagrange, ga, and experience the difference for yourself.
more about us


        sales hours     monday 8:30am - 7:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 5:30pm    sunday closed            follow us                     mike patton auto family of lagrange
mike patton auto has been family-owned and operated since 1973. ceo brian patton invites you to experience the best in automotive sales and service!
why shop here?
inventory, prices, and people. mike patton offers the best selection of fords, hondas, chryslers, dodges, jeeps, and ram’s in the lagrange, columbus, auburn, newnan and atlanta area. our pledge is to offer big city savings right here in lagrange. mike patton’s five-figure discounts are legendary! and most importantly, our employees are the best-trained, most ethical, and dedicated people in the industry. click here for a complete listing of the patton promises, part of what every customer receives who does business with mike patton! and as an exclusive benefit for mike patton customers, the patton advantage plan – with over $7,000 in value – is offered for a very low, affordable price. click here for details.
we’ll buy your car!
just want to sell your vehicle and not purchase another vehicle? no problem! mike patton will give you top dollar for your vehicle. click here for details.
community impact.
mike patton auto family’s purpose is to make a significant, meaningful impact in the local community and beyond. for decades, mike patton has been deeply involved in charitable causes and understands that it is the company’s responsibility to give back to the community, especially those in need. click here to see some of the ways mike patton is involved in our community.
america’s favorite brands!
ford: america’s most durable, popular trucks, for decades! honda: america’s most reliable, popular cars! jeep: america’s favorite suv’s. ram: america’s fastest growing brand of full-size trucks. and,chrysler, and dodge vehicles too. f-150 & expeditions & explorers, ram 1500, honda accord & crv & odyssey, jeep wrangler & grand cherokee & cherokee, chrysler pacifica, and dodge challenger & charger. and of course, the legendary ford mustang! wow! the most exciting and desirable makes and models – trucks, suv’s, and cars - are all available at mike patton!

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures mike patton ford | 1402 lafayette parkway, la grange, ga 30241 | sales: 706-407-4747 |                






























                