




 






homepage - vassar temple - poughkeepsie, ny

















































home

contact us
directions
cemetery directions


about

mission statement
history
reform judaism general
rabbis
music
organization
committees
jews by choice


learning

torah study
tiny temple
seth a. erlebacher religious school
hebrew school
adult education
library
rabbi golomb’s essays


worship

2020 guest high holy day registration form


community

social action
sisterhood

vts-judaica


brotherhood
youth group
arza
jewish federation


membership

request membership information form
pay membership dues and fees


calendar
links

vintage photos
bulletin
vassar temple blog
noteworthy speeches and letters
vassar temple bereavement guide


planned

donate to funds
scrip program
planned giving


 





 



 



 



 



 

 










welcome to the vassar temple website

to view more photos, click on the arrows to the right or left, or the buttons below



family havdalah, nov 2023  



concert marks dedication of historic piano











on nov. 19, 2023, vassar temple celebrated the dedication of its 1923 mason & hamlin grand piano at a special event featuring a piano concert.  this historic  piano was donated to the temple by the lemberger family, and restored with funds raised by the music committee.  shown in front of the piano, soloists:joseph bertolozzi,ruthanne schempf, donor barbara lemberger, soloists:james m.fitzwilliam,sylvia buccelli




















temple teens trim thanksgiving baskets, nov 2023



sukkah decorators at work!  oct, 2023 



marcia tanzman receives the 2023 arnold awardthe annual arnold award for contributions to the ritual life of vassar temple was presented to marcia tanzman by rabbi renni altman at the selichot program.




polly lewis receives the evelyn kahn award, june 2023the 2023 evelyn kahn spirit of sisterhood award was presented to polly lewis at the sisterhood dinner on june 26th in recognition of her commitment to and unfailing support of sisterhood. congratulations to polly on this well-deserved honor! the award was presented by marcia tanzman.




ron rosen receives 2023 founders service awardron rosen was presented with the annual founders’ service award at the membership meeting on june 14th by last year’s recipients, marcia and glenn tanzman.



temple families clean up grace smith house for mitzvah day, may 2023     



temple families participate in mitzvah day, may 2023     



temple cemetery cleanup for mitzvah day, may 2023   



tiny temple program with pj library celebrating yom ha’atzmaut, may 1, 2023   




tibor & noemi spitz at their vassar temple presentation, november 20, 2022







 
vassar temple’s tashlich ceremony and rosh hashanah family service at sunset lake,
vassar college



 

gail d’alessio received the 2022 stephen a. arnold award. 
in the photo, gail d’alessio (l) is with author anita diamant at local community shabbaton.






  
vassar temple purim carnival 2022






 

vassar temple members at unite against hate march/rally, october 3, 2021: 
rabbi altman, howard susser, lew and hilary wrobel.



















 








 




friday, february 14, 20257:30 pm ~ tu bishevat shabbat serviceled by rabbi altman and music with martin charwatsaturday, february 15, 20259 am ~ torah study 10:15 am ~ new paths service 





annual kedem passover sale  we are once again sponsoring a kedem winery sale for the holiday with a huge variety of kedem and other kosher labels at a range of price points. juices, gefilte fish, olive oil, and vinegar are also available. shop from the convenience of your home! orders and payment are due by march 24th, and your order will be at the temple by april 4th. if you need assistance, we can arrange delivery. click here for the complete list and order form, which is also available on the website and at the temple. contact fundraising@vassartemple.org with questions. don’t see what you’re looking for? we can contact kedem with your inquiry. thank you for your ongoing support! 
 

 




  

 



  breaking jewish news











support vassar temple via planned gifts 






link to jfdc calendar


 




      welcome to vassar templejoin a reform congregation with a rich history and discover the powerful relevance of judaism today.participate in projects that improve our world.delight in spiritual and intellectual growth.share your joys and challenges and achieve a sense of peace and belonging.enjoy opportunities for prayer, learning, social interaction, and jewish and personal life-cycle support.enrich your life with meaningful rituals, caring friendships, and joyful celebrations.join a welcoming congregation where you are accepted as you are at any level of involvement.  

 


















 












 









popular links




                                                            tiny temple                







the tiny temple program allows young children to become familiar with the temple, the rabbi, and the jewish holidays, while giving their parents the opportunity to meet and socialize with other young jewish families. click here for more information 

 






                                                            adult education                







adult education offerings at vassar temple  

 






                                                            scrip program                







read about vassar temple’s scrip program 

 






                                                            judaica shoppe                










vassar temple sisterhood maintains a year-round judaica shoppe with items for sale on display in the east chapel and in a glass case in the hallway in front of the office.  the items are changed regularly to fit with the time of year and associated holidays.  the shop is open every weekday except wednesday from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm.  for an appointment outside of these hours, contact polly or marcia at         judaica@vassartemple.org
among the items we stock are jewelry, gifts, books, ritual items including kiddush cups, candlesticks, mezuzahs, tallisim, and holiday items, art, and children’s items. we have many items from israel. 
please see the link from our sisterhood page that will show you some of the items we have in stock. if you are looking for a specific item or special order, please let us know. 
come and see us for all your judaica needs; we look forward to your visit!


 

 




 



bulletin 


this month at vassar temple
february 2025
vassar temple bulletin    (past
issues at links-->bulletin)





















 

 
rabbi altman and cantor goldmann on yom kippur 2021


  

 





 
break fast at vassar temple 

 





vassar temple members at unite against hate march rally (oct. 3) rabbi altman, howard susser,  lew and hilary wrobel. 

 





 











from the union for reform judaism / reform movement meet four black jewish leadersmeet four black jewish leaders
jemerman
february 7, 2025

jews of color

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              black jews continue to help shape our society, emerging as social justice leaders, writers, chefs, actors, and more. i hope you'll enjoy learning about these black jewish influencers whose intersectional identities have influenced their work.


      supporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging momentsupporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging moment
jemerman
february 6, 2025

racial equity, diversity, & inclusion (redi) communities of belonging

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              welcoming the stranger, or immigrant, is a core part of jewish tradition, mentioned 36 times in the torah. we affirm our commitment to create the same opportunities for today's immigrants that were so valuable to our own community not so many years ago.


      experiencing a divorce? you are not aloneexperiencing a divorce? you are not alone
jemerman
january 17, 2025

divorce

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              starting from the torah we see that divorce is acceptable in judaism, that not all marriages are meant to last, and that one or both individuals in the couple have their reasons.


      unlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrasesunlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrases
jemerman
january 17, 2025

arts and culture

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              growing up in seattle, i was fortunate to be surrounded by the city's vibrant sephardi jewish community. seattle, with its large sephardi population, was the perfect place to grow up immersed in the language and flavors of this unique jewish culture.


       





contact info office@vassartemple.org vassar temple 140 hooker avenue poughkeepsie, ny  12601  (845) 454-2570 office hours   monday - friday   10:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.
 

 shabbat times


 




yom shlishi, 20 shevat 5785

 



 



 



 



 

 




					© 2025 urj
				














 
 












