





	oscar padilla mexican insurance: since 1951, auto insurance for mexico


























































				                home
			                



				                border traffic
			                



				                travel tips
			                



				                why mexican insurance?
			                



				                rocky point photos
			                



				                policyholder login
			                















mexicaninsurance.com



habla español
agent login
become agent
become affiliate

policyholder login















get insurance
tips
blog
about us
contact us
(800) 466-7227





get quick quote

auto•
            rv•
            pick-up•
            suv•
            motorcycle


            limited-time discount on now!
            descuentos por tiempo limitado!
        

value of vehicle:   $

            if towing, combine vehicle + tow values.
        
days in mexico:




promo code:






get quote










get quick quote

auto•
rv•
pick-up•
suv•
motorcycle


	    limited-time discount on now!
	    descuentos por tiempo limitado!
    

value of vehicle:   $

            if towing, combine vehicle + tow values.
        
days in mexico:




promo code:







get quote





get quick quote


liability only

$41.47 (4 days)
            



full coverage

$41.47 (4 days)
            



save with long term policies

6 month

                starting at $41.47




annual

                starting at $41.47




all options and details
get another quick quote

get policy








the oldest, most respected name in mexican insurance
we raise the bar with:





fast & easy 
                        insurance quotes





simple & safe 
                        online purchase





lower rates & 
                        extended coverage





dependability 
                        guaranteed









more for less
lower daily rates
lower 6-month rates
lower annual rates









oscar padilla, the mexican insurance pioneer with proud history of public service


                    oscar padilla was born and raised in the border town of calexico, california. he saw service in the u.s. army in europe during world war ii, and with a relentless passion to serve others, has gone on to dedicate his life to helping improve conditions surrounding him on all levels…international, national, local, and at home. read more



                            in 1951, padilla decided to experiment with selling mexican insurance to tourist motorists crossing the border into mexicali, calexico's neighbor to the south. it was unchartered territory for his was the first attempt at a full-service mexican insurance office in california.

                            in the end, that decision in 1951 dramatically altered the rest of his life, not to mention the driving habit of motorists to mexico.

                            now, over 60 years later, oscar padilla mexican insurance is the oldest and largest exclusive mexican insurance service provider. as the mexican insurance industry's pioneer, padilla’s legacy in cross-border motoring is firmly established, and that depth of knowledge and experience will forever remain unmatched.

                            oscar padilla’s many civic community services have awarded him the privilege of serving on numerous boards, including chamber of commerce, ymca of san diego county, ymca of the usa, boy scouts of america, international lions club, and the american cancer society.

                            at the request of california governors ronald reagan, george deukmejian, and pete wilson, padilla has served as member to the commission of the californias; a commission that meets with like-representatives from baja california and baja california sur to discuss interests of mutual concern.

                            in 1976, president gerald ford appointed oscar padilla a delegate to the 19th general assembly of unesco. in 1990, president george bush appointed him delegate to the 45th general assembly of the united nations wherein, among many duties, he stood and delivered the international atomic energy annual report to the un’s general assembly.

                            throughout his personal and professional life, oscar padilla's name has been synonymous with goodwill towards his patrons, his community, and his country.










what our customers have to say








                                        i found your website extremely user-friendly and appreciated
                                        having the link to value my car. the policy enrollment
                                        was very easy. i will definitely recommend your company
                                        and your website to anyone needing mexican auto insurance.
                                        as i will be visiting mexico by car more often in the future
                                        i will be a return customer.
                                    
- terri p.








                                        i consistently use your company for our mexican insurance because of how easy you have made it. the website is very simple, the quotes are reasonable and i always know that if i need additional help i can give you a call.
                                    
- deb m.








                                       i buy insurance from you very
                                       often and the prompt response
                                       as well as good service will
                                       keep me coming back. thank you!
                                    
- antonio a.

















tradition & trust: our way of doing business

                    oscar padilla mexican insurance is a company known not only for its trustworthiness and reliability, but also for its rich tradition and long-standing practice. as the industry’s pioneer, oscar padilla is the first individual to provide full-service mexican auto insurance to motorists in 1951, becoming the leading authorized provider of extensive coverage policies for motorists to mexico. following in the footsteps of our founder, we strive to provide our clients with the highest level of security when traveling to mexico as this is our way of giving back to our community and country. we are proud to continue mr. padilla's legacy by ensuring our clients are safe and satisfied with the service they receive.
                
safe & exciting travel comes easy with us

                    mexico is a renowned tourist destination for a whole host of reasons - its stunning beaches, thrilling activities, friendly locals, and delicious food to name just a few. however, as with any foreign country, it's important to be prepared before you travel and to have a good understanding of the risks involved. that's why we've put together a tips section on our website. here, you can find everything you need to know about staying safe and insured while traveling in mexico. from detailed articles on mexican auto insurance requirements to insights into the country's history and attractions, we've got you covered.
                






		frequently asked questions



				the difference between us and mexican insurance ←


					the difference between the united states and mexico is that according to the financial responsibility law in mexico, anyone involved in a traffic accident in mexico must be financially able to cover the damage or injuries which resulted from the accident. it’s up to you whether you want to cover these expenses through cash, a credit card or with the help of mexican automobile insurance. read more


						if you’re involved in an accident on mexican soil, you won’t be able to use your us or canadian insurance policy to cover for the damage. if you don’t have auto insurance specifically made for mexico, your car may be impounded or worse, you may face arrest until the details of the accident are settled. if you don’t have enough money on you to cover the accident, this might take some time.

						furthermore, you may not be able to explain your case in english, depending on the area of mexico you visit. english isn’t spoken in some areas of the country, making resolving the issue all the more difficult.

						going through an accident is stressful enough on its own, but not having some form of insurance as a backing can make this situation even more complicated. that’s one compelling reason to find a reliable mexican car insurance company near you and purchase a policy, as getting mex insurance at the border may not always be possible (and will certainly cost more).





				why do i need mexican insurance? ←


					the traffic laws in mexico are similar to the laws in the united states to some degree. however, it’s how these laws are applied that differentiate each country and why auto insurance is necessary when traveling to mexico. read more


						while the united states law is based on the english common law, meaning that you are innocent until proven guilty, the opposite is true in mexico. mexican law is based on the napoleonic code which implies guilt over the presumption of innocence. this is why you’ll want to be covered in case of an accident.





				do u.s. or canadian insurance policies offer coverage in mexico? ←


					a short answer would be that your us or canadian policy won’t be accepted by the mexican authorities as a means to cover the damage. this is why it’s important to buy valid mexican car insurance when visiting mexico. read more


						american or canadian companies cannot provide you with legal help or liability in case you experience a car accident outside of their borders. the bare minimum you need to have is a liability coverage policy accepted by mexico, underwritten by a mexico-based insurance company.





				do us insurance companies offer mexican insurance? ←


					a number of companies in the united states claim that they offer limited policies that allegedly provide the necessary level of insurance coverage in mexico. there are numerous caveats therein. read more


						furthermore, if you’re in an accident, it would have to occur no more than 75 miles away from the us border in order for them to cover your costs. a reliable provider of mexican driving insurance will provide you with full coverage, regardless of where in the country the accident occurs or how long you’re residing in the country.

						this type of american policy may further confuse tourists who believe they’re going to mexico securely. instead, they may find themselves in an unpleasant situation when they realize their policies cannot cover them further than 75 miles from the border.

						this is why the number of insurance companies offering this type of coverage has decreased, and the only way to get actual insurance coverage in mexico is to purchase a policy from a reputable company like oscar padilla mexican insurance.





				how much does mexican insurance cost? ←


					oscar padilla mexican insurance has partnered with mexico's leading tourist auto insurance carrier, qualitas compania de seguros to offer quick quotes online which you can find on our website.read more


						thanks to this, you can get a quote for your auto insurance, buy a policy, print it quickly and efficiently, and be on your way!





				what period does the mexican insurance cover? ←


					if you’re purchasing automobile insurance for mexico for longer than 25 days, you may want to consider upgrading to a 6 month or annual policy, as it is far more cost effective. qualitas rates are structured in such a way that for any policy longer than 25 days it makes more sense to purchase a 6 month or annual mexican insurance policy instead. read more


						you can use the quick quote tool on our website to get the information regarding the daily insurance quotes for mexico as well as 6 month and annual quotes, so you can easily compare them and determine which works better for you.





				what is the cost of mexican auto insurance? ←


					the price of mexican auto insurance may vary because different factors can affect it. the price is calculated based on the choice of coverage and the value of the vehicle you are operating. read more


						another factor you need to take into account is how long you’ll be staying there, as the duration of your visit also affects the price of the policy. so if you are a frequent visitor or are routinely traveling for work, you should consider getting a six-month or annual policy.





				what does mexican auto insurance cover? ←


					unlike the standard us policy, automobile insurance in mexico only covers items that the policy specifically states that it covers. this is known as the named peril policy and is different to the standard policies in us and canada. read more


						there are five basic risks that car insurance in mexico covers:


							collision damage, upset and broken glass

							fire and car theft

							property damage liability coverage

							bodily injury liability coverage

							medical expenses for injuries resulting from the accident


						all the policies that we offer also include legal services, bail bonds, and road service reimbursement as an added bonus.





				what if my mexican auto insurance policy doesn’t cover my entire trip? ←


					if you realize that your policy does not cover your entire trip and the total number of days you are going to spend there, there are several steps you can take. read more


						if the mexican vehicle insurance policy you purchased does not cover your trip you may:


							purchase another policy for the additional number of days

							purchase a policy covering your entire trip






				purchase another policy for the additional number of days ←


					if you realize you’ve made a mistake and your policy doesn’t cover your entire stay, you can purchase a separate policy covering the days you didn’t include in the previous one. read more


						it should start on the same day and time your previous policy expires, so there’s not a period of time you won’t be covered.





				how to purchase a policy covering your entire trip? ←


					alternatively, you can purchase a brand new policy that guarantees insurance coverage during your stay in mexico. if you decide to do this, contact our friendly agents at 800-466-7227 so they can cancel and refund the previous policy. read more


						any changes to the policy you need have to be made before the first policy comes into effect. the minimum term of a policy is 24 hours, as we do not offer hourly policies.





				do i need to mention all the possible drivers on the policy? ←


					you’re not required to. anyone may drive the vehicle so long as they have a valid driver’s license, regardless if they are named on the policy. you should include the name of the registered owner of the vehicle on the policy, at least. if the registered owner won’t be present, you’ll need to add the name of the primary driver in charge of their vehicle during the trip. this can also be someone who will be near the vehicle at all times. read more


						our policy for mexican automobile insurance allows you to mention two drivers, but you do not have to mention all the possible drivers that will be traveling with you.





				will i go to jail for a car accident in mexico? ←


					if the car accident you were a part of resulted in a serious injury, having auto insurance that’s valid in mexico might help you cut through the process and help you resolve the issue much sooner. however, you shouldn’t view the policy as a “get out of jail” card. read more


						there’s a lot of confusion about the reason why drivers face temporary incarceration after traffic accidents in mexico. the mexican authorities need to determine who the person responsible for an accident was, especially if someone was injured or worse. this is why the participants of the accident need to be temporarily incarcerated until the guilt is determined.






	by www.seooneclick.com



best

automobile

buying

cheap

car

auto

phoenix

quotes

vehicle



	 















get insurance
travel tips
about us
contact us
blog


home
faqs
become an agent
affiliates


agent home
site map
terms & conditions
privacy








tweet

















                            visit our customer service center!
                            
get directions










© 2025 oscar padilla mexican insurance services, inc. 


ca license 0598292

















 policy options 
            close




            unless otherwise noted, policies include combined single limits, medical expenses, legal service, bail bond, 24 hour claim service, and more!
            









limit of liability

$300,000
$500,000
$750,000
$1,000,000




term of
coverage area
 
$300,000
$500,000
$750,000
$1,000,000



 day policy


all of mexico


full coverageliability only



























6 month





nw mexico
                            limited to baja norte, baja sur, sonora, sinaloa, chihuahua, durango, coahuila, nuevo leon, and tamaulipas.
    
                        

full coverageliability only



























6 month





all of mexico


full coverageliability only



























annual





nw mexico
                            limited to baja norte, baja sur, sonora, sinaloa, chihuahua, durango, coahuila, nuevo leon, and tamaulipas.
    
                        

full coverageliability only



























annual





all of mexico


full coverageliability only





























get policy




    var fullpath = path.getfullpath(path);
    string path = httpcontext.current.request.url.absolutepath;
    '/default1.aspx'
    console.writeline(path);
    
    


