

























clan grant society - usa | craigellachie!






























skip to main content













					clan grant society - usa




					craigellachie!				

















home
the clanclan overview
clan chiefs
branch families
noteworthy descendants
the tartans
clan badges and motto
castles and manor houses
churches
music and artmusic of the clan
portraits of clan grant

antiquities
frequently asked questions (faq)

the societyhistory of the society
genealogy
clan center
games commissioners
membership
officers
bylawsbylaws history


members only
news/articlesthe wearing of highland dress
gaelic corner
thoughts on the grant tartan
weaving an 18th century grant tartan
uss albert w. grant
uss albert w. grant reunion
videos

calendar
store
links
contact

 
















welcome to the clan grant society - usa
submitted by grantadmin on sat, 08/09/2014 - 2:27pm







members of the clan grant society - usa 40th anniversary celebration at the 2017 stone mountain games (click on picture to enlarge)



we would like to welcome you to the clan grant society usa.
our aim is to cultivate a spirit of friendship amongst the clan, and to help keep them in touch with one another. our ancestors left their native scotland and dispersed around the world. the clan grant society brings us together in the ties of our common ancestry.
 
---> become a member! <---
 

read more about welcome to the clan grant society - usa



passing of the 33rd chief of grant
submitted by grantadmin on tue, 05/30/2023 - 11:12am

dear clan grant - usa members,
   it is with great regret and sadness that we announce the death of sir james grant of grant bt., lord strathspey, and the 33rd chief of grant. he died peacefully at home on the evening of friday 26th of may. details of the funeral arrangements will follow to be posted on the clan grant uk website.
regretfully,
clan grant - usa board
 

read more about passing of the 33rd chief of grant



president's 2020 message
submitted by grantadmin on thu, 12/10/2020 - 9:33am

greetings members,
      the agm was held by conference call this year in october. the notes for which will be put under the members only site after their approval at the next board meeting. during the agm, we notified everyone of the results of our election. congratulations to the elected new officers: 

read more about president's 2020 message



2020 report of the cgus nominating committee
submitted by grantadmin on sun, 02/23/2020 - 12:47pm

greetings to the clan grant family: 
   the nomination and election process of clan grant-us is underway.  as chair of the nominating committee, i would like to fill you in on the details so that you will understand what we are doing to help to find and support excellent leadership for clan grant.  

read more about 2020 report of the cgus nominating committee



new online store for the society website
submitted by grantadmin on sat, 10/21/2017 - 3:12pm

greetings all,
   we are pleased to bring to you an online store and partnership with the house of tartan. the house of tartan is an internationally recognized company specializing in scottish apparel and other items intended to provide a one stop shopping experience for those of you looking to show your pride in being a grant!
 

read more about new online store for the society website



message from chief clan grant 2016
submitted by grantadmin on sat, 11/05/2016 - 3:30pm

message from the chief
sir james grant of grant, lord strathspey 33rd chief of clan grant
 

read more about message from chief clan grant 2016



weaving an 18th century grant tartan
submitted by james h grant on sun, 03/15/2015 - 2:51pm

     last year, someone asked if i was doing anything special for national tartan day on april 6th. quite frankly, i had not given it much thought, but since i was already involved in the planning of a weaving project it seemed logical to set a goal to finish the weaving by tartan day. i am a hand-loom tartan weaver who specializes in old, obscure clan grant tartans. 

read more about weaving an 18th century grant tartan



 








    you must have javascript enabled to use this form.  



log in
 
























powered by drupal
 








ported to drupal by drupalizing, a project of more than (just) themes. designed by zsolt kacso



 

