


police heritage museum














police heritage museum york, pennsylvania




home page
our history
membership
news
contact us




 york city police department k-9 unit.
          this is a late 1960s photo of the york city, pennsylvania police department k-9 unit taken at the york fair grounds. the officers, accompanied by their dogs, are in their training uniforms. the officers are, from left to right: ron heist, earl frey, fred gibson, steve gibbs, charlie morrow, bill farrell, and nevin barley. 
west york police department.
          this 1950's era photograph shows three members of the west york borough, pennsylvania police department and their patrol vehicles, two motorcycles and a ford patrol car. the officers and their vehicles are on the driveway of the reliance fire house, then located in the 1400 block of west market street in west york borough.
officer ed myers, red lion police department.
          pictured in 1924 is red lion police officer ed myers astride his sidecar equipped police harley davidson motorcycle. the sidecar was a common accessory for police motorcycles of that era. the officer is carrying a semi-automatic pistol, carried in an open top cross draw style holster. the semi-auto pistol was unusual, as most officers of this era were carrying revolvers. 









welcome to the police heritage museum! 


have you ever wondered what law enforcement was like one or even two hundred years ago? 
the uniforms peace officers wore, the equipment they used, what they were paid, or how they became police officers? if these questions remain unanswered for you, then you must visit the police heritage museum! 
the police heritage museum, inc. is a non-profit organization incorporated and dedicated to the preservation of police artifacts and the history of law enforcement. 
financial support of the museum is through individual and corporate donations, admission charges, gift shop sales, and events sponsored by the museum. the police heritage museum receives no direct financial support from any law enforcement agencies. 
the museum is entertaining and educational for the whole family. you will see, experience and learn about police equipment and the history of law enforcement, crime and punishment. 




our mission


our mission is: 
to acquire, develop and maintain a facility for a public police museum that provides a historical learning experience; 
foster the preservation of artifacts, historic records of police officers, their departments, and the techniques and equipment they used to combat crime and preserve the peace and order in their communities; 
provide a visual history of the development and changes in american law enforcement; 
promote a better understanding between law enforcement and the citizens they serve by demonstrating the role police officers play in their communities' history and growth.  




hours of operation


please note: the police heritage museum is currently closed while we continue to search for our new location. watch this site or our facebook page for additional information.	 
if you are planning on being in the area and would like to visit the museum outside of normal operating hours, please call the group tour number below to see if we can accomodate your schedule.	 
the museum is also open during select special events in downtown york. special admission pricing may be in effect during some of these events.	 
group tours are available by appointment, and can be scheduled at a time convenient for your group. tours are approximately one hour in duration, but can be adjusted to your group's needs. tours include a background of police history, and explanations of artifacts and their uses, and just some time to explore our collections. 	 
to schedule a group tour call the museum (717) 845-2677, or email us.	 
on street metered parking is generally available in the area of the museum. check the meters for enforcement times. group tour psrking for buses or for multiple vehicles can be arranged when requested in advance.	 




admission 


adults and children over 12 - $3.00
			children 6 to 12 - $1.00
			children under 6 - free 
contact us for group tour rates. 
special admission offer for all law enforcement officers - your admission is free just for bringing us a department patch and showing us your id. 






pages 


board of directors
fallen police officers
hall of honor
awards program
police car show
links



virtual exhibits


york city chiefs of police
former law enforcement agencies
york county lockups
columbia lockups
new oxford lockup
the state police in york county
historic case studies



facebook feed




donate via paypal















the police heritage museum, inc.
 address: p.o. box 1582
  york, pa 17405
phone: (717) 845-cops
e-mail: contact form 



about us
the police heritage museum, inc. is entirely run by volunteers - there is no paid staff working for the museum. 
we ask for your patience when contacting the police heritage museum, as there is no full-time staff to immediately respond to any inquiries. 


non-discrimination policy
the police heritage museum, inc. does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, or any other status prohibited by applicable law.  
the police heritage museum, inc. is an equal opportunity organization. it shall not discriminate in any of its activities or operations. these activities include, but are not limited to, the appointment to and termination from its board of directors, hiring and firing of staff or contractors, selection of volunteers, selection of vendors, and providing of services.  






© copyright police heritage museum, inc.
design by dream web templates




back to top


