  

 


 the cert division | software engineering institute  





























search



icon-carat-right



cmu-wordmark










carnegie mellon university


























software engineering institute
















sei




about




divisions



the cert division









    


    


     the cert division
the cert division is a leader in cybersecurity. we partner with government, industry, law enforcement, and academia to improve the security and resilience of computer systems and networks. we study problems that have widespread cybersecurity implications and develop advanced methods and tools to counter large-scale, sophisticated cyber threats.     


    




leadership



what we do



careers in the cert division



recent vulnerabilities



case studies



history



    


    


 



     leadership  









gregory j. touhill


 

director, cert division











william wilson


 

deputy director, cert division











chris inacio


 

chief engineer, cert division






    


 



    


     what we do
cert experts are a diverse group of researchers, software engineers, security analysts, and digital intelligence specialists working together to research security vulnerabilities in software products, contribute to long-term changes in networked systems, and develop cutting-edge information and training to improve the practice of cybersecurity.
our connection to the internationally known carnegie mellon university creates multidisciplinary collaboration opportunities and amplifies our research abilities.     


   


 


     autonomy security and resilience
develop and sustain security, resilience, and assurance best practices for the development, construction, and employment of machine learning systems.
cybersecurity center development
develop measurable and repeatable practices to prepare csirts and other operational security organizations.
cybersecurity engineering
develop methods for engineering mission-essential capabilities that balance security and resiliency with mission performance.
cyber workforce development
develop and maintain a well-equipped cyber workforce that is immediately able to support the cybersecurity needs of organizations.     


     enterprise risk and resilience management
develop measurable practices and frameworks that enable organizations to measure and mitigate risks.
insider threat
detect and mitigate the impact of insider threats and reduce their occurrence in organizations.
reverse engineering for malware analysis
develop tools and methods to identify and mitigate code that causes unintended effects in software systems.
situational awareness
analyze the cyber terrain as it evolves to characterize assets at risk, measure adversary activity, and prioritize responses to threat.     


     secure development
assess platforms through the analysis of source code to assure they adhere to security best practices.
system and platform evaluation
assess software, devices, systems, and platforms of unknown design or origin to find vulnerabilities and strategies for defending against possible attacks.
security vulnerabilities
reduce exposure to known vulnerabilities in systems.
 
 
      


    


 



    






careers in the cert division














cyber risk intern

pittsburgh, pa





senior software engineer

pittsburgh, pa





associate research scientist - quantum

pittsburgh, pa









documentation specialist and content strategist

pittsburgh, pa





senior communications engineer

pittsburgh, pa





senior ai security researcher

pittsburgh, pa









technical manager - cybersecurity assurance team

2 locations





software engineer

pittsburgh, pa





ai security researcher

pittsburgh, pa









vulnerability researcher

pittsburgh, pa





senior vulnerability researcher

pittsburgh, pa





assistant communications engineer

pittsburgh, pa









research scientist - quantum

pittsburgh, pa





senior research scientist - quantum

pittsburgh, pa





cybersecurity engineer

2 locations















see all sei job openings






    


 



    


    

recently published vulnerabilities

vu#148244: pandasai interactive prompt function can be exploited to run arbitrary python code through prompt injection, which can lead to remote code execution (rce)
february 11, 2025


vu#733789: chatgpt-4o contains security bypass vulnerability through time and search functions called "time bandit"
january 30, 2025


vu#199397: insecure implementation of tunneling protocols  (gre/ipip/4in6/6in4)
january 17, 2025

more vulnerabilities
report a vulnerability

    


   


    


 



    

 case studies 







cyber lightning case study
the sei hosted cyber lightning, a three-day joint training exercise involving air national guard and air force reserve units from western pennsylvania and eastern ohio.
learn more









sei hosts crisis simulation exercise for cyber intelligence research consortium
in sei crisis simulation exercises, participants use scenarios that present fictitious malicious actors and environmental factors based on real-world events.
learn more









usps case study
the sei teamed with the u.s. postal service to help it improve its cybersecurity and resilience and collaborated on a program to develop a strong cybersecurity workforce.
learn more




    


 



    


     history
the cert division is the birthplace of cybersecurity. for nearly 30 years, the cert division of the sei has partnered with government, industry, law enforcement, and academia to advance cybersecurity and improve the security and resilience of computer systems and networks.
originally focused on incident response, we have expanded into cybersecurity areas such as network situational awareness, malicious code analysis, secure coding, resilience management, insider threats, digital investigations and intelligence, workforce development, devops, forensics, software assurance, vulnerability discovery and analysis, and risk management.     


        barbara fraser and ed dehart, part of the sei’s cert/cc in the early 1990s     


    


 



    


     former director richard pethia
richard pethia was founding director of the sei's cert division. pethia, who served as director of cert from 1988 to 2016, guided the organization through tremendous growth and change. under pethia's leadership, the unit expanded and evolved from the cert coordination center—a small group focused on computer incident response—to a research organization of more than 200 professionals dedicated to solving problems with widespread cybersecurity implications.
see full profile     


          


    


 



    


 related links 



podcast series
cert/cc vulnerabilities blog posts
computer security incident response teams




flocon
insider threat blog posts
insider risk management symposium




natcsirt meeting
vulnerability database


    


    









report a vulnerability to cert/cc
subscribe to sei bulletin
request permission to use sei materials







carnegie mellon university software engineering institute 4500 fifth avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213-2612 412-268-5800


 [  facebook  |  twitter  |  linkedin  |  youtube  |  itunes  ] 


contact us




 [  office locations  |  additional sites directory  |  legal  |  privacy notice  |  cmu ethics hotline  |  www.sei.cmu.edu  ] 




©2025 carnegie mellon university

















