



first principles


 
welcome to my rambling website!  i
established a website at ozemail in 1995 and created this one in 1999.


- robin whittle 






most people, without substantial (0.125 milligram 5000iu/day for 70kg bodyweight) vitamin d3 supplementation, have far too little circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin d (as measured in "vitamin d" blood tests) for their immune systems to work properly.



many doctors think that 20 ng/ml (50 nmol/l in uk, australia etc.) or perhaps 30 ng/ml (75 nmol/l)
is sufficient for general health - but these levels are based on the
needs of the kidney for regulating calcium/bone metabolism, not on the
needs of the immune system.  the immune system needs at least  50 ng/ml (125 nmol/l) to function properly.


for the most pertinent research on vitamin d and the immune system, please see:

https://vitamindstopscovid.info/00-evi/



this begins with recommendations from new jersey based professor of
medicine, sunil wimalawansa on how much vitamin d3 to supplement, on
average, per day, to attain this without the need for blood tests or
medical monitoring.  his recommendations are as ratios of body
weight, with higher ratios for those suffering from obesity. 


for 70 kg (154 lb) adults, 0.125 mg (5000 iu) a day is a good
amount.   governments and many doctors only recommend 0.015 to 0.02 mg (600 to
800 iu) a day. five thousand international units
sounds like a lot, especially in countries like australia where the
largest capacity vitamin d3 capsule the government allows to be sold in
retail shops is 1000 iu.   5000 iu is 1/8000th of a
gram.   once a day, on average, this is a gram every 22
years.  pharma-grade vitamin d3 costs about usd$2.50 a gram
ex-factory.  a credit card weighs 5 grams.


see also my substack:

https://nutritionmatters.substack.com



the easy way to remember how to find these sites is to follow the links from https://5nn.info - 5 neglected nutrients.

      here is my vitamin d flyer - a4 vitamin-d-flyer-2024-10-10.pdf or two a5s on an a4: vitamin-d-flyer-2024-10-10--2-to-a-page.pdf. 














research
projects



http://astroneu.com
the astrophysics of the
non-exploding universe, including attempts to explain the heating of
the solar corona. 


http://aminotheory.com
health and nutrition. 
restless limbs sensorimotor disorder (rlsd)
- the name i think should be adopted in place of restless legs syndrome
and periodic limb movement syndrome.  this includes my
observations, etiological theories and non-drug methods of avoiding or
reducing these problems.  

also, links to research which show that coffee - decaf and non-decaf,
instant, filter and espresso - contains significant quantities of
opioid receptor antagonists. if so, it would not be surprising if
drinking coffee makes people miserable, even more than due to the
caffeine it contains.  nor would it be surprising if coffee of any
kind worsened pain-perception disorders such as fibromyalgia.  we
found that even 3 decaf coffees a week caused bad rlsd symptoms. 


http://realfield.com/anm/

researching the history of the
measurement of low-level audio noise in a manner which reflects human
perception.  this is particularly important for microphone
self-noise.  most microphones today have their self-noise
specified
in dba, which does not accurately reflect human perception.  this
page concerns ccir 468 and related quasi-peak standards which do a much
better job.








devil
fish modifications
for the tb-303


information,
prices, pictures and
sound samples for the real world interfaces devil
fish mods
are at rwi/dfish/. 
details of the tr-606, tr-808 and tr-909 modifications are
at: rwi/tr-606/, rwi/tr-808/ and rwi/tr-909/  
also a page with
information on
modifications to casio musical instruments from the early 1980s.


32
megabyte memory boards for
akai
samplers
    details of these
cost-effective boards are at rwi/smem/.


tina and
sandra's books - "13 ways: illustrated stories", "the infinite loop"
and "stranger places"

in august 2013, my wife tina and her
best
friend sandra in texas published 13
ways: illustrated stories
- sixteen photo-inspired short stories, invoking elements of realism,
suspense, fantasy, sci-fi, and modern gothic.  sandra took most of
the photos but i contributed one of a praying mantis.

     

in 2016, sandra and tina published a novella of spaceships, time warps
and free pie: the infinite loop. 
in 2017, their novel stranger places
is the second in the pie town series.
 
     

these are available in kindle

http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00eo73q4w

http://www.amazon.com/dp/b019tu0a0q
http://www.amazon.com/dp/b01msdv088



and paperback editions: 

http://www.amazon.com/dp/0989559319
http://www.amazon.com/dp/0989559327
http://www.amazon.com/dp/0989559335


some of the 13 ways stories
appear at tina's and sandra's site http://www.liketellingthetruth.com. 

their publishing project has a website: http://thirteenways.com.au and a
facebook outpost https://www.facebook.com/thirteenwayspress
. 



contemplative ambient music - astral truth window


we finally released some pieces from 1979 and 1996, together with a
new track made in september 2018.  tina and i will be making more
contemplative ambient music together: 

http://soundcloud.com/atwindow


http://astraltruthwindow.com


https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucoz0afecx93zlrjeejsgw8w some minimal videos.

https://astraltruthwindow.bandcamp.com/releases




photos of daylesford and places
nearby

daylesford/ pictures taken in and around
daylesford.  tina and i moved to daylesford in 2014 and we really
like living
here.  




gallery of
children's art
 the gallery/
contains
images of paintings and drawings by adriana hardy
- who drew the portrait of me which
near the bottom of this page.  i often really enjoy children's
art
and adriana's bold, colourful, largely abstract designs make a big
impression on me.  these images range from mid 1997, when she
was
four and a half, to april 2002, when she was nearly nine. 
click on
any of these images to see many more:
   
   
   
  
(images â© adriana hardy 1997
and 2002.) 
 





sculpture
by inge king
inge
king (1915 - 2016) was
one of australia's foremost sculptors.  some of her work is
widely
known, such as forward
surge,
on the left below.  here is a separate site igking.info
in which contains images, links to books and other sites concerning
inge king's
work and the lithography and other work of her husband grahame
king (1915 - 2008).  the second image is of her mighty
2006
work: rings or
saturn,
located in the grounds of the heide
museum of
modern art.  clicking on these images will take your browser
to the separate site igking.info .

 
 


astrophysics



this
is a 0.0001 radian (0.0057
degree) high section of the hubble deep field images of a section of
the universe, in the northern skies, where it is possible to see a long
way without many stars from our galaxy obscuring the
view. 
the angle subtended by a human hair held at arm's length is about the
angle in the vertical direction of this image.  the barred
spiral
galaxy to the top middle left is probably like our own - about 100,000
light years in diameter.  since it subtends an angle of about
1/50,000 radians, it is reasonable to estimate that the galaxy is
around 5 billion light years away.  read more at http://astroneu.com
about this and
other images, and about the cosmological redshift, which is the main
reason for believing in the big bang and the expansion of the
universe.  unfortunately, many astronomers regard this as a
fact,
but it is just a theory.  if it could be shown that light,
whilst
traveling through the intergalactic medium (very low density hydrogen
and helium atoms, a few electrons and ions etc.) for a year loses one
part in 14 billion of its energy, then this would explain the
cosmological redshift.  in that case there would be no reason
to
believe the universe is expanding, or that it "began" with a "big
bang".  meanwhile, the heating and acceleration of the solar
corona and solar wind remain unexplained by conventional theories . . .
  
sliiiiiiiiiiiinky
-
the world's longest
slinky
 the average slinky is fine for walking down steps,
but i
want to send waves!  i have finally solved
the limitations
of short slinkies, and many of the problems of gravity, to make my 21.4
metre (71 feet) sliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinky. 
click on
the photo to enter the slinky/
directory
for more photos, wild  piezo-pickup audio mp3s and some videos
too  . . .
  

binaural
recording
photos, explanation and
sound samples
of dummy head sound recording, which
sounds great on speakers and reproduces spatial information really well
via
headphones.  binaural/
.


eclectic
sensibilities
 the eclectic/
directory
contains my yum-yum gourmet breakfast toast recipe and nature-2.0.doc a
rare communication from god and mother nature discussing the bugs in
nature 1.0 and giving a glimpse of features in the new version 2.0.
csound and
digital signal
processing
 the csound/
directory
contains introductory material and links regarding the csound music
synthesis language, and some of my work on this program.  see
the dsp/pink-noise/
directory for a roundup
on dsp generation of pink noise.  i have a treatise on the
carta
optimisation of the park miller "minimal standard" pseudo-random number
generator, with c, c++ and dspic assembly language source code: dsp/rand31/ .

stick-insect
photos!
 i was honoured to receive a visit from that most
dignified
of insects, a striding, clambering stick-insect. 
i took a
few polaroid photos, scanned them, but them on the web and emailed
friends about it within an hour or so.  see the photos of my
distinguished, seven inch long visitor in the stick-insect/
directory!
green ant
productions - full moon
trance
techno dance parties

the green-ant/
directory contains
a link to the green ant web site and photos of a 13 march 1998 dance
party at nyora, including photos of some extraordinary fluorescent
sculptures - and some fluorescent people too.

my show-and-tell department!
  
      
   
     
         
old
photos and postcards, a colour photo
from 1913.  a hand-drawn poster from the 1950s-60s. 
1938
handwriting. corsetry adverts. german valentines day postcards posted
in pennsylvania ca. 1911. photographs of mountain ash and rain forest
at the little franklin river, south gippsland.  two detailed
photographs of the sun beachgirl quest in the late 1940s or early
1950s.  a rag doll angel and one from waverley cemetery,
bronte,
sydney.  green ants, mangroves, trees, rattan and little sand
balls on the beach near cape tribulation in far northern
queensland.  click on a photo or peruse the show-and-tell/
directory.  also, a report on
how government
surveillance and compulsory rfid tagging of citizens is keeping us safe
from the threat which lurks within.  another page shows an intriguing
cutter for plastic tube beads, as used for handicrafts in the
1960s.  

there is an expansive page
with big images of the nullarbor plain and bunda cliffs: 



strzeleckis
forest - sold
as
"plantations" to us logging company


 



see
here: http://members.dcsi.net.au/kimjulie/
for information on how the kennett government sold state forest
(actually its
99 year timber rights) to a us logging company, including areas which
really
should be part of a national park or conservation reserve.


fukushima nuclear reactor crisis
there is a wikipedia article
which i think is the best site to learn about this crisis.  i also
have a page of links, videos, images and other information: jncrisis/
telecommunications

the telco/
directory contains
information on my technical writing for paul budde communications,
articles for the now-defunct australian communications
magazine, on my consulting services and on other telecommunications
resources, including the link mailing list, which is a vibrant
australian discussion forum regarding internet issues, privacy,
censorship and information management issues.

various
technical things . .
.


utilisation
of ipv4 address space if
we are about to run out of ipv4 address space, why are there only about
107 million computers on the internet which return pings?
 there
are over two billion ip addresses, so this is a low rate of "host
density".  the ip/
section has some analysis of current use of the ipv4 address space,
with what may be unique information on the distribution of host
densities among various prefixes.


ivip (internet vastly
improved
plumbing) a
proposal to allow the internet's routing and addressing system to
provide multihoming, portability and traffic engineering for vastly
more users, each with their own ip addresses and subnets, than is
possible within the limitations of the bgp routing system. ip/ivip/
.


web email software 
      web-mail/  a
survey of software for email
via the web.  also how i installed (on centos 5.1) the mail
programs postfix, courier imap, courier maildrop (mail filtering).
 how i integrated spamassassin and anomy
sanitizer to filter spam, viruses and other malware, as part of my
courier maildrop server-based email filtering system.  also
some
notes on setting up mozilla thunderbird not to send html messages, to
send plain text messages with "format=flowed" disabled, and to display
messages tagged for deletion without strikethrough (crossing out
of the
text).  


computer
systems administration  sys-admin/


archiving yahoo groups
- grabbing the messages, attachments, files and photos from a yahoo
group. i did this for two such groups in september 2013 before my
account was converted to neo, which made such operations impossible.

problems with html email
- and why i think email
clients should default to plain text, fixed width fonts and sensible
wysiwyg on-screen text wrapping.
silent
hard drive -
how to make an aluminium case to keep hard drives really cool and
quiet.  also some notes on cpu and power supply fans and on
the
beautiful panasonic sirocco centrifugal blowers.
tiff
to
pdf conversion - creating single or multi-page pdf files from
one
or more tiff files.
making an audio
patch bay from a solderless breadboard. 




little
blimps blimp/
why flap, zoom or whoosh when you
could be floating, and pedaling, or maybe being propelled by solar
power.  flight can be like snorkeling and scuba diving!
 above the treetops, at leisure - provided the wind is
slight.  this page links to sites and a mailing list for
single
person or at least very small blimps, including one magnificent
pedal-powered craft white dwarf.also some links
regarding
cluster ballooning - tie a bunch of large helium balloons to you and .
. . . . . . 


highlights
of the link
discussion list  link/ 
link is a lively australian discussion list for it, censorship, privacy
etc.  this page contains, or links to, highlights of this
list,
starting with discussions on ascii art, problems and benefits of
open-source software, and problems in educational arrangements and
paper qualifications in technical fields such as electronics and
computer systems administration.


book design
with open office
 book-design/
the openoffice.org
suite of software
is an open-source "equivalent" to microsoft office.  but open
office goes far beyond microsoft word's capabilities for creating
complex documents with character styles,  multiple indexes and
bibliographies etc.  here i explore using openoffice writer,
together with the open-source ghostscript equivalent to adobe's acrobat
distiller - to do the complete book writing, layout and .pdf file
production process on freely available open-source software.
 if
this works well, then it is a vastly more elegant approach than the
various messy arrangements more commonly used in the publishing
industry, such as writing in word, then transferring the manuscript
into quark xpress for greater typographic and layout control, and then
doing manual indexing and other horrors.  openoffice writer's
style system is vastly more powerful and has greater scope than ms
word's.   no-one makes money from this, so there is no
advertising
- but users and people who write about software for magazines will be
shouting from the rooftops as they figure out the power, rigour and
(from what i have heard) the robustness of this free software.  


the
joy of test equipment  tequip/ 
we have some exotic electronic test equipment, including some
tektronix oscilloscopes, a lecroy digital oscilloscope from 1992 and an
all-valve hewlett-packard frequency counter which was designed in 1953
and made around 1964.  below is our r7844 dual beam,
modular, 
rack-mount, ~400mhz oscilloscope with two vertical plugins and two
timebases.  this can function as two independent oscilloscopes
which share a single screen.




making
printed circuit boards at home  pcb-diy/ making printed circuits
at home, with minimal equipment and fuss.


special
techniques for kicad - a powerful open-source schematic and pcb design
program  kicad/.





towards
an initial understanding of linear programming  linear-programming/ 
linear programming is a mathematical optimisation technique with many
important applications.  this page links to some explanations of
linear programming, the simplex algorithm and the dual simplex
algorithm which are suitable for people who, like me, lack training in
the relevant branches of mathematics.



music marketing
in the
age of electronic
delivery
 the musicmar/
directory
contains material relating to music marketing with discovery, and
ultimately delivery, taking place via the internet.  this
includes
direct artist to listener relationships which are not burdened by the
risks, costs and restrictions such as geographic proximity and
stylistic compatibility with
advertising.
audio
compression
 the audiocomp/
directory
contains material on both lossy and lossless audio compression
algorithms.  there are tests on the fidelity of mpeg audio
layer
3, aac and yamaha's twin vq audio compression schemes.  the
lossless page is the most extensive test of lossless audio compression
programs.
consumer
advocacy

the website i started in 1995 http://www.ozemail.com.au/~firstpr/
no longer exists.  i moved some of the material when i established
this one in 1997.  the  issues/
directory is the home for  material from the late 1990s. 
this concerns consumer advocacy in
telecommunications and privacy.  in late 1999 i decided to
stop
working on consumer advocacy.  although i and others worked
damn
hard and in many ways effectively, the major battles i worked on since
1992 have turned out pretty much worst-case: telemarketing, calling
number display, internet censorship (actually, it was threatened
several times, most recently by the labor party) and cryptography
policy. 
i
now concentrate on fields where i am confident i am making a positive
human impact.  
the issues/
directory
contains three major sets of material. firstly the battle over
telemarketing regulation.  progress came later to telemarketing,
with the establishment of
https://www.donotcall.gov.au in 2006. although we still have to opt out
of telemarketing, and there are no limits on charity or political
telemarketing (likewise not all businesses can opt out) at least there
is a system.  it was based on the us system of the same
name.  the us
system has a public list of numbers which must not be called by
telemarketers, which is a serious security risk for many people. 
the
australian scheme greatly improves on this by maintaining the do not
call list secretly, and requiring telemarketers to pass their lists to
the acma-approved company which runs the system, so the lists can be
returned with a flag for numbers which should not be called.  this
list-washing approach to telemarketing control has fewer security and
privacy problems than the us approach. 
secondly, my submission to
the senate
select committee on information technology concerning problems in the
regulation of a number of fields, including: calling number display,
outbound telemarketing, customer activated malicious call trace,
internet censorship, spam email, privacy in the mass media and in
internet communications and the need for federal privacy legislation to
cover the activities of companies.
thirdly, my
submission to
the same committee on the government's internet censorship bill, which
was passed in the senate on 25 may 1999.  this deeply cynical
piece of legislation cannot last.  (ahem - in late 2006 it is
still in place.)  it is a scandal it was ever proposed, let
alone
passed.  see https://www.efa.org.au/category/censorship/mandatory-isp-filtering/
for information on the labor party's now abandoned internet censorship
bill.


human
curiosity - archiving
queries to
search engines

in the curiosity/
directory is
the beginnings of my project to research and archive human curiosity by
collecting the search terms submitted to search engines - in this case
metacrawler/metaspy.


in praise
of the logitech marble +
optical trackball (mice should be banned!)
 i'm serious.  mice are a global rsi
catastrophe.  see the ergonomics/
section for the solution.  this section also describes my
experience with the microsoft "natural keyboard" and why i decided to
stop using it.


archiving
defunct
sites
sometimes a site
disappears which
should be left for future generations to
ponder.  one is archived here:  archive/policyanalysismarket-org/
- a us government proposal in july 2003 to set up a futures market for
predictions of terrorist attacks.  the site disappeared soon
after
the
government was embarrassed into abandoning the plan, but i don't think
history should be erased that easily.  also discussion of
another
monumentally stupid plan from the late 1950s and early 1960s: project
orion,
a rocket to be propelled into orbit by pooping out hundreds of atom
bombs
which explode beneath it.


where am i?

click
on the map below
to see maps of australia and of the melbourne area.  (tina and i
now live in daylesford.) there are
also some photos from space, and links to the bureau of meteorology for
the latest satellite photos, rainfall charts, synoptic chart and
forecasts. this page also contains photos of some extraordinary weather
conditions, bushfires and the like - and links to the sites where you
can find more about australian weather and climate.  it also
includes a description of a wonderful map of australia from the australian
geographic society.  there are all sorts of
interesting
geographical, demographic and meteorological things to be found by
clicking on the map below! also, some links to web sites concerning
celebrated melbourne cartoonist michael
leunig.
.    





who
is robin
whittle??
 i am a 1955 model, english by birth and australian
by
choice and citizenship. 

i
married tina (previously tina clark from houston,
texas and new york ny) in 2004.  you can read a little about
us by
clicking on the
picture below:


tina has a blog with her friend sandra: http://www.liketellingthetruth.com
. 

there
is also detailed, but not up-to-date curriculum
vitae of my electronic, software,
consulting, advocacy and writing work. 
 

contact
details and
times
postal and phone contact details available via
emailing  rw@firstpr.com.au
melbourne (and victoria, including daylesford) time

north
american callers check the timezones here
before calling!
european callers: australian time
is 10 hours
before the time in the uk.  
to
see the current
time in melbourne, including with daylight saving (summertime): http://www.thetimenow.com/index.pl?loc=11
a page which shows the current time in melbourne and a global
view
with sunlight and darkness with cities shown clearly:  http://worldbuddy.com/buddy.cgi/australia/melbourne
.  
there's a us navy timezone map here
. i have a less blurry version here: timezonemap2003-sharper.gif

a real-time converter from any timezone to any
other http://www.timezoneconverter.com/cgi-bin/tzc.tzc
(i found these at the open directory project http://dmoz.org
.)

my
family's mining optimization consulting business, whittle consulting,
is http://www.whittleconsulting.com.au
.


last update 2021-08-02.   this site is an
animated
.gif-, frames-, flash-, shockwave-, java- and javascript-free
zone!  this site does not use cookies, however cookies will be set
by some musical instrument sound sample pages due to the inclusion of
players for you tube videos and soundcloud tracks.
these
html files were created directly with netscape
communicator
4.7x. and since august 2001, open-source
mozilla and
then  kompozer. 
kompozer rocks!  this site runs from a virtual server in germany,
perhaps located in a data center outside a small town near the czech
border - see ns1.

â© robin whittle 1996 to
2021.











