







starlust - a website for people with a passion for astronomy, stargazing, and space exploration.




































































skip to content









 





stargazingmenu toggle

telescope guides
what’s in the night sky
tonight’s moon phase
constellations
deep sky objects


astronomymenu toggle

the moon


astronauts
rocket launches
 





 







 







main menu

 









stargazingmenu toggle

telescope guides
what’s in the night sky
tonight’s moon phase
constellations
deep sky objects


astronomymenu toggle

the moon


astronauts
rocket launches
 

















welcome to starlust 



 a website dedicated to fostering interest in astronomy, stargazing, and space exploration. 







 
start exploring







 











astronauts stories 



learn more about their space missions and what they do. 



 astronauts are highly trained professionals who spend time in space as part of their scientific and professional duties. they participate in experiments, assemble spacecraft, and perform repairs or maintenance tasks on the international space station (iss) 



 







 
read our astronaut articles















  







no, space tourists are not astronauts 











 







how we tweaked the law to let astronauts vote from space 











 







7 significant health issues every off-planet astronauts endure during space missions 











 







how astronauts celebrate christmas in space 











 







astronaut movies | list of 14 films involving astronauts​ 















astronomy articles 



the cosmos is full of surprises, here are a few of them. 



there is much we don’t yet understand about our universe. astronomy gives us a deeper understanding of the cosmos, and with each new discovery, the boundaries of knowledge expand even further. 



 







 
read our astronomy articles















 







gifting the cosmos: how legitimate is owning and naming a star? 











 







meet the moon - earth's cosmic companion 











 







the 15 different types of comets explained 











 







the entirety of the usa history happened within just one pluto orbit 











 







5 mind-bending theories about what could be larger than the universe 















stargazing guides 



the night sky is a wondrous spectacle of stars, galaxies and planets. 



stargazing allows us to appreciate the beauty of our universe from our own backyards. through the naked eye, binoculars, or telescopes, we can observe constellations, stars, planets, galaxies and even comets. 



 







 
read our stargazing guides















 







the 88 modern constellations (info / location / dso & mythology) 











 







the simple reason why we can see the moon during the day 











 







the lunar cycle: exploring the eight moon major phases 











 







the 12 zodiac constellations in the night sky 











 







the bortle scale: light pollution rating system explained 















telescope 101 



telescopes come in many shapes and sizes, and there is one for every budget. 



telescopes provide us with a unique window into the wonders of our universe, allowing us to get our eyes on distant galaxies and star clusters, marvel at spectacular nebulae and even explore the planets in our own solar system. 



 







 
learn how to use telescopes















 







how to focus your telescope 











 







what are the different types of telescopes? 











 







telescope storage: what to do to keep it safe & what to avoid 











 







how much does a good telescope cost? 











 







refractors vs reflectors: the pros & cons of each telescope design 















meet the man behind this website 
















 



 







tom urbain 



hey, fellow space lovers! my name is tom urbain and i am the man behind starlust.org. i created this website to share my knowledge and passion for all things space related.i have been in love with space since i was a young boy, and over the years, that passion only grew stronger. in my opinion, the night sky should be the eighth wonder of the world. there is just something so magical and humbling about looking up at the stars. 










 


 






 











about starlust 



this website is dedicated to engaging and educating people who are curious about the universe. created and operated by tom urbain, starlust.org aims to foster interest and promote awareness for astronomy, space exploration, and stargazing 







discover 



astronomystargazingtelescopeastronautsthe moon 







explore 




rocket launch schedule 
moon phase calculator
 



















privacy policy | terms & conditions | about | contact | fb | ig | pinterest 










 





























