




ramsey house




























log in
register

historic ramsey house



menu



		visit
	


		hours & admission
	


		book a tour
	


		group tours
	


		field trips
	


		lebanon in the fork cemetery
	


		a community born of water and stone
	



		about
	


		history
	


		preservation (apta)
	


		board & staff
	


		contact us
	


		working blacksmith shop
	


		newsletter sign-up
	



		support our mission
	


		donate & membership
	


		volunteer
	


		our sponsors
	



		private events
	


		weddings
	


		family & corporate events
	


		photo sessions
	



		calendar
	


		book a tour
	



book a tour

menu





mostbet 1win 1xbet xslot pinup baywin zlot ekrem abi ekrem abi siteler betorspin enobahis betgit bahisbey baymavi gamdom sahabet bycasino onwin casibom betkanyon benjabet celtabet stake 1win giriş dumanbet asyabahis betgaranti betpark betmarino sekabet başarıbet pinco betkom milyonluk betano inagaming masterbetting betano giriş 7 slots hepsibet vippark favorislot
 
tennessee’s finest home




surveying knoxville’s history


a visit to ramsey house offers the perfect opportunity to
                            explore knoxville’s rich history and the ramsey legacy.
built in 1797 of locally sourced pink marble and blue limestone,
                        ramsey house was indeed known as the “finest house in
                        tennessee”. because of its architectural sophistication and
                        relative opulence, ramsey house welcomed many diplomats and
                        important guests through its doors. once considered an anomaly
                        among log cabins and wooden structures, the house stands today
                        as a reminder of the enduring ramsey family legacy.
the foundational contributions of colonel ramsey and his sons
                        are significant, and include founding trustee of the institution that
                        would become the university of tennessee, tennessee’s premier
                        historian, and first popularly elected mayor of knoxville. through
                        the ramsey’s story, you will also experience daily life on
                        america’s first frontier and come to know the challenges faced by
                        the sons and daughters of the revolutionary war patriots. you will
                        learn about the enslaved people whose lives were intertwined
                        with those of the family, as well as, feel the deep divisions of the
                        civil war, which changed the course of this family forever.

book a tour






our stories





                                a founder
                                

colonel francis alexander ramsey
a surveyor and one of the first settlers of knox county, ramsey held many important positions, including serving as court clerk and as a founding trustee of what was to become the university of tennessee.







                                a historian
                                

dr. j.g.m. ramsey
author of one of the state's earliest histories, the annals of tennessee, j.g.m. also founded the east tennessee historical society, was a physician, and was later exiled from knoxville during the civil war.







                                a mayor
                                

william b.a. ramsey
william b.a. ramsey was the first popularly elected mayor of knoxville, publisher of the knoxville register, served as tennessee’s secretary of state, and was also a known abolitionist. 
                                







                                a beloved wife
                                

margaret alexander ramsey
colonel ramsey’s beloved wife, “peggy” moved from wealth to a log cabin overlooking swan pond. she and francis had nine children, three of whom survived to adulthood.







                                an enslaved man
                                

levy
born into slavery at swan pond, levy served as a carriage driver for the ramsey family. he was freed during the civil war and lived through reconstruction in the 1870s.







                                a bountiful land 
                                

swan pond
located on what was once cherokee hunting grounds, colonel ramsey acquired the site for ramsey house, a game-rich, beaver-dammed wetland, in 1786. called swan pond, over 100 acres of original farmland is preserved today.












experience history

guided tours of the house and grounds are led daily by trained staff, extolling the site's uniquely imported architectural style, historical significance, and the character of life in early tennessee with the home's compelling characters, residents, and visitors.
tour schedule:
wednesday - saturday 10:00 am - 4:00 pm

                            *hours are subject to change. call (865) 546-0745 to confirm.
ticket prices
• adults – $10.00
                            • seniors (60+), military & child (5-17 years) – $8.00
                            • child (under 5 years) – free
                            • ramsey house member – free
*special schools and groups options available.
book a tour






upcoming historic events








catch all basket class

				march 29
							
10 a.m.

view details








vintage base ball opening day

				april 12
							
10 a.m.

view details








vintage base ball

				may 10
							
tba

view details








vintage base ball

				june 28
							
time: tba

view details








vintage base ball

				august 16
							
times: tba

view details


more events




add your story to historic ramsey house
the charm of historic ramsey house offers an unforgettable backdrop for your wedding or special event. beautiful grounds, plentiful parking, and indoor accommodations for up to 80 people are available with even greater capacity for out-of-doors.
book a wedding book family & corporate events




stay informed

don't miss special announcements and upcoming events. 
sign up for our periodic newsletter.
sign up












sustain tennessee’s historic past

help us continue to share the ramsey house's unique stories with a gift that will ensure the "stone house" is sustained for generations to come. 
support ramsey house






contact us




2614 thorn grove pike, knoxville, tn 37914
                                                get directions






865-546-0745






eric herran
museum assistant
info@ramseyhouse.org




  















the house is more spacious than it appears from the road but it might as well have been a mansion because of all the interesting things we learned about life in those times and the ramsey family history. 

karasnyd



i took my elementary school aged kids for a trip there and they loved it. both enjoy hearing the stories and seeing old, original, artifacts, and this did not let them down.

dewayne p



we stopped here for a tour when we were passing through knoxville. the home has been tastefully restored and our guide was fantastic. it is situated in a beautiful area and it’s easy to imagine the estate during it’s heyday. we loved our visit.

jillikin



took a school group there and they were most accommodating. i would recommend this as a great place to stop while traveling on i-75. easy access from the interstate.

dodd d



chevron_left
chevron_right









copyright © 2025 ramsey house. all rights reserved.
knoxville web design by trademark advertising
















