











106 north street west, ripley wv  25271






304-373-2240


















jackson county assessor


























toggle navigation










home (current)
real estate
personal property
businesses
homestead
farm use
professsionals
maps




























 
jackson county assessor's office
brian k. thomas, assessor










jackson county assessor's office
brian k. thomas, assessor










jackson county assessor's office
brian k. thomas, assessor
















welcome to our office

i would like to welcome 
							you to our website which has been created for the 
							benefit of all jackson county taxpayers. as a 
							taxpayer you have every right to expect straight 
							answers to your questions. we here at the assessor's 
							office strive to provide the kind of public service 
							that citizens need and deserve. most people don't 
							mind paying their taxes as long as they feel they 
							are being treated fairly. above all, an assessor 
							must strive to be fair. here in jackson county, we 
							have been blessed by many factors in our favor.  
							interstate 77 and an excellent road system, one of 
							the best public school systems in the state, and a 
							major aluminum manufacturing facility which employs 
							thousands of county residents. the taxpayers and 
							their assessor have a major part to play in the 
							economic future of jackson county. if you have any 
							questions concerning your property assessment, 
							please call me at 304-373-2240.  our office
							is now located in the jackson 
							county courthouse annex (keller building) at 106 
							north street, w. in ripley.  the office is open 
							monday thru friday from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m and 
							closed for lunch from noon to 1:00 p.m.  
							if you, or an organization such as a school group 
							would like to visit the assessor's office, please 
							feel free to call us and we'll be happy to schedule 
							a tour.  we enjoy sharing with you, how your 
							government works.  i hope that 
							you will find this website to be helpful in 
							understanding the role of the assessor's office.  
							thank you.
brian k. thomas
							jackson county assessor 
 
 
 
the jackson county assessor's 
							office is an appraisal office, not a taxing office. 
							this office is responsible for assessing all 
							taxable property within the county and must work to 
							treat tax payers as fairly as possible. the assessor 
							has the following basic responsibilities: 

   
							locate all taxable property in the county and 
							identify the ownership.
   
							establish a value for all property subject to 
							property taxation.  

   list 
							the value of all property on the assessment roll. 

   apply 
							all legal exemptions.
   
							deliver certificates of property valuation to the 
							county levying bodies.
contrary to popular opinion the 
							assessor: 
   does 
							not determine your property tax bills. 

   does 
							not collect your property taxes. 
   does 
							not establish the property tax laws. 
   does 
							not set the rules for property appraisal. 
							these rules are determined by the 
							legislature.  
the assessor does not impose 
							property taxes. this office determines the value of 
							all taxable property, both personal and real, in the 
							county. the methodology for determining value is 
							outlined in state code. property values constantly 
							change with depreciation, inflation, and other 
							market conditions. the state of west virginia 
							requires that each assessor review and update the 
							computer assisted mass appraisal system (cama) on an 
							annual basis for the appraisal of real estate. this 
							means that your value may go up or down slightly in 
							any given year. if your value increases over 10% in 
							any given year, you will receive a written notice of 
							increase of assessment. if you disagree with the 
							value you should contact this office and share any 
							information and reasons attesting to a different 
							market value for your property.  
							if an agreement on the value of your property cannot 
							be reached, an appeal can be made to the county 
							commissioners who will convene as a board of 
							equalization and review during the month of february 
							each year. you will be asked to state the value of 
							your property and support that value with a 
							certified appraisal, real estate insurance 
							documentation, or other items.  
							the assessment books maintained by the assessor's 
							office are always available for public inspection.
the 1990 state wide revaluation 
							legislation and property valuation commission 
							requires that the assessor must maintain all real 
							estate at a value equal to existing market 
							conditions. the jackson county assessor's office 
							maintains a highly trained staff to ensure that this 
							county is assessing property equitably and as fairly 
							as possible.
the actual levy rates are 
							determined by the west virginia legislature (for the 
							board of education), the county commission and the 
							two municipalities. levy rate sheets are prepared 
							for your convenience and may be obtained in the 
							assessor's office.  current year 
							levy rates for jackson county can be viewed by 
							clicking here or on the levy rate navigation button 
							to the left.
over 70%
 of property tax 
							dollars go to the jackson county board of education. 
							county government receives about 20% which is 
							used to support the courthouse and various services 
							such as:  community 
							development projects; 
							county health department; 
							jackson county public library; 
							volunteer fire departments; 
							emergency services; 
							senior citizen centers; and county 
							farm and animal shelter.

							for a history of jackson 
							county click here 
for key dates & online 
							resources click here
to view levy rates 
							click here
							frequently asked questions click here



 jackson county assessor's office  106 north 
			street west  ripley, wv 25271   304-373-2240






























↑


































