










home - greater rochester chamber of commerce






















































  

















skip to content






























 
member loginthe chamber about us chamber leadership committees member benefits marketing opportunities membership application publications info request business, nonprofit, educator, and citizen of the year awards scholarship program nh chamber of commercebusiness directorycommunity information business resources community facts education health care history of rochester recreation religious organizations relocation information tourist information leadership greater rochester rochester economic development downtown rochester business development assistance-nh sbdcthings to dolive & play resources arts & entertainment clubs & organizations dining guide education financial health care insurance internet & media lodging & travel real estate local weather area maplegislative government affairs issues agenda legislative guideevents chamber events community events special events events photo gallery young professional networking eventsnews & discounts in the news chamber newsletter marketspace member to member dealsjobsjoin today


































































































 







 





welcome





































photos by john gisis photography

































upcoming events





















view calendar





























                                2025 award nominations                            














                                scholarship program                            













                                shop local                            













                                2025 business showcase                            














                                trip to greece                            






next
previous




























dining






 
 











shopping






 
 











lodging






 
 











entertainment






 
 



























member-to-member deals
chamber members, take advantage of discounts offered by your fellow chamber members with member-to-member deals!
chamber members, log into your member portal to set up a deal of your own to offer!







see deals




























 
community guide 
 

















 
dining guide 
 

















 
legislative guide 
 



















 
special events guide 
 

















 
membership application brochure 
 

















 
member map 
 





















corporate sponsors
















                                profile bank                            














                                waste management                            














                                frisbie memorial hospital                            














                                first seacoast bank                            














                                eversource                            














                                bank of new hampshire                            














                                breezeline                            














                                df richard                            














                                service credit union                            














                                hrcu                            














                                mvsb                            






next
previous


















advertise in marketspace!







advertise sale items and specials through the chamber's marketspace
area for members and the public to view!

members can post special sale items, store wide sales and promotions, rental properties available, etc. by logging in to the member portal in the member information center.
add a photo of the sale item to enhance the listing!
all items will be listed along with appropriate contact information.
for additional information, call the chamber office at (603) 332-5080.
to view current marketspace items, click here
 









new members

























join the chamber
grow your business and find new opportunities with membership in the greater rochester chamber of commerce! become part of an active community of approximately 400 businesses and professionals all dedicated to supporting a successful business environment. take advantage of the many membership benefits. download our 2024 membership application brochure for additional information or join today and complete the online application by clicking join today in the left hand column.









 












© 2025 greater rochester chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












faq  |  privacy policy  |  terms and conditions









phone: 603-332-5080
fax: 603-332-5216
18 south main street | rochester, nh 03867
memberservices@rochesternh.org

















© 

 greater rochester chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone








 
scroll to top

















