


































































billings gazette | breaking news | read billings, mt and montana breaking news. get latest news, events and information on montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



406 politics



business



education



nation & world



last 24 hours



history



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



guest/columnists




sports


high school



big sky conference



college



scoreboard



professional



betting



rodeo




lifestyles


event calendar



music



movies & tv



games



contests



comics



play



people



montana untamed



food



health



get healthy



parenting



home & garden



people



pets



faith



celebrations



travel




outdoors


ski report



your shots



just for kids




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



marketplace



jobs



advertise



shop local



i love a deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



advertising info



help center



gift susbcriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









-6°
snow shower
























        
        
            billings protesters gather in sub-zero temps to rally against trump administration

about 80 people demonstrated outside the new city hall monday, carrying signs and chanting as similar anti-trump demonstrations took place in cities across the country.

















        
        
            advocates fight for transgender rights, say 'it doesn’t matter what you do in these rooms'

during back-to-back hearings, the house judiciary committee considered a bill about pronouns and another that could open trans people up to indecent exposure charges.

















        
        
            seven pieces you can bring home from the yam auction (and one you can't)

there are 22 works in the live auction and 170 in the silent auction, a kaleidoscopic exploration of the area arts scene, some with price tags lower than you'd think.

















        
        
            montana house takes up bill to prohibit regulations on facilities that discourage abortion

a proposal would make it illegal for state lawmakers to impose many regulations on pregnancy centers, facilities that provide resources to pregnant women and discourage abortion.

















        
        
            state swimming: billings central, bozeman, bison,  back on top, maximiliano aguirre breaks record

familiar faces topped the podium saturday at the conclusion of the 2025 state swim meet and history was made. 

















        
        
            here are montana's 2025 all-class state wrestling tournament final results

check out team scores and final results. 

















        
        
            photo: veterans park skating opens this week

the veterans park skating rink has been flooded by billings parks and recreation and is open for skaters this week.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            billings protesters gather in sub-zero temps to rally against trump administration


















        
        
            update: two of the four girls shot by mother have father living in utah


















        
        
            montana's federal delegation touts early dc success; democrats hit back















                
                the latest



















        
        
            billings neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published today in billings gazette. 




















        
        
            montana's federal delegation touts early dc success; democrats hit back

montana's federal delegation, save for sen. daines, touted the efficiency in washington, particularly president trump's swift action in addressing a number of issues important to the administration.





















        
        
            february 17 recap: billings news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from billings gazette. 




















        
        
            legislative auditor, senate president send ellsworth referrals to department of justice

the legislative auditor wrote that his office’s investigation of the case thus far found “apparent violations of state law that should be subject to a law enforcement investigation.”





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            billings protesters weather snow and subzero temperatures at ‘not my president’s day’ rally




















        
        
            a crowd of about 80 gathers in billings for 'not my president' protest on president's day




















        
        
            billings organizer bailey desper rallies the ‘not my president’s day’ protest crowd




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            5 things learned in frontier basketball week 7: national tournament team?, statistical leaders, rpi & sos

title races are deadlocked, and on the men’s side, five teams are within one game of first. will championships be shared? which teams grasp greatness in the regular-season’s final moments?




















        
        
            montana state bobcats indoor track and field breaks three records over 'memorable weekend'

"after i was done competing, i broke down when hugging my parents because i felt this weight lift off of me." colby wilson, who broke his own pole vault record





















        
        
            photos: state swimming finals

photos from the finals races of the montana high school state swim meet feb. 15, 2025 in great falls. 




















        
        
            full court press: montana high school basketball highlights (feb. 15)

highlights and high scorers from high school basketball games around montana.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            a clear view at any distance: why progressive lenses can be a smart choice

contributor content. progressive lenses can offer a great solution for those seeking an alternative to bifocals or trifocals.












contributor








        
        
            unlock business growth with a competitor analysis tool: a strategic guide

contributor content. competitor analysis tools are integral to staying ahead in any market, providing crucial data and insight about the market and your competitors’ successes and failures. 












partner








        
        
            are the top search engine’s days numbered? social media as a new search tool

provided content. read about the rise of social media platforms as an alternative search tool. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            agt foods - formerly united pulse trading


                                human resoures
                            


                                        505 26th ave. ne, williston, nd 58801
                                    




























        
        
            mt health coop



                                        p.o. box 5358, helena, mt 59604
                                    



 website






















        
        
            spruce haven wellness center



                                        805 24th st west suite 1, billings, mt 59102
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















home





        
        
            gainans flowers - ad from 2025-02-12
























education





        
        
            msubillings foundation - ad from 2025-02-12
























health





        
        
            miracle-ear - billings - ad from 2025-02-16
























medical





        
        
            st vincent health care - local - ad from 2025-02-16
























education





        
        
            billings public library - ad from 2025-02-14
























restaurant





        
        
            mccormick cafe - ad from 2025-02-14





























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


i love a deal

thrifty nickel

newspaper special sections

online features

get healthy




services


subscribe

advertise

e-edition

contact us

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        billings gazette, 401 n broadway billings, mt 59101
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























