





conservation online - cool












search deep in cool

 


search cool
consdistlist
publications/list archives 
organizations
conservation topics
about cool

donate in support of cool




welcome to cool
resources for conservation professionals
conservation online (cool) is a freely accessible platform to generate and disseminate vital
                    resources for those working to preserve cultural heritage worldwide. through the support of the foundation for advancement in
                        conservation, cool is committed to growing and sustaining these resources into the future.
                    as an authoritative and trusted source of information, cool serves to foster, convene, and promote collaboration.

use the navigation at left to:


search cool

access the conservation distlist archives and mailing list
peruse the publications archived on cool (including
                            jaic, the paper conservation catalog, and postprints from aic's bpg, emg, osg,
                        pmg, and wag specialty groups).
access the many sites and organizations that are hosted or
                        mirrored on cool. 

use the cool directory: find people in and around conservation.
content on cool
the content of cool comes from a variety of sources, and we hope that all users will consider
                    contributing some material to the project. as you use the server, please pay attention to lacunae
                    that you might be able to help fill. if this is your first time here, please read an important
                    message about copyright. to report problems or offer suggestions, select the links at the bottom of each page.


support cool


when faic took on management of conservation online (cool) and the conservation distlist 10 years ago, we knew that these resources were crucial to the preservation community and had to be saved.  we didn’t know exactly how we would pay for the ongoing costs of curation and maintenance, let alone the necessary updates and improvements, but we knew we had to step up to the task.

thanks to generous donations from people like you who use these resources, cool and the consdistlist are still here for you to ask questions, find your next job, or see what courses are coming up.  you can find information on almost any preservation or conservation topic, from “what is an ‘aa’ pattern?” to “who conserved the hie sanno sairei-zu japanese screens?”
but even we didn’t realize  what treasures cool and the consdistlist really are. earlier this year, we asked matt morgan, the faic digital strategy advocate, to conduct an audit of faic and aic’s online resources.  matt was as surprised as we were by what he found:
faic and aic’s email lists and websites continue to stimulate broad support and generate deep member engagement.  the lists are popular, useful, and active, and the combined websites serve members with a usage rate that's 10-60 times what's exhibited at many similar professional associations--including organizations both inside and outside the field of conservation.
let me restate that: on a per-member basis, (f)aic’s online properties are orders of magnitude better used than those of other professional associations.  cool, the mailing lists, and the other websites may sometimes be frayed around the edges, but they are popular and very well-used.

please help make sure the resources that you value remain accessible.  in order to keep cool and consdistlist up and running, faic needs to raise $40,000 by the end of the year.  last year the average gift size was $50.  if only 8% of the nearly 10,000 consdistlist subscribers gave that amount, we would meet our goal.  we hope you’ll show your support by making a contribution today. you can donate with a credit card or mail a check to:

faic
727 15th street, nw
suite 500
washington, dc  20005

thank you for your participation in this community and your generous support!

 
a sample of areas covered on this site...

conservation of cultural property: art conservation, paintings conservation, paper
                    conservation, photographic materials conservation, book conservation, sculpture conservation,
                    objects conservation, artifact conservation, wood conservation, textile conservation
materials: archaeological materials, architectural materials, archives materials,
                    artifacts, artists' materials, electronic media, electronic records, historic materials, library
                    materials, manuscripts, modern materials, museum materials, natural history collections
subjects: biodeterioration, collections care, conservation education & training,
                    conservation science, conservation suppliers, conservation treatment, conservators, copyright,
                    degradation of materials, digital imaging, disaster planning, documentation, ethics, health &
                    safety, intellectual property, library binding, mass deacidification, mold, pest management,
                    preservation-related organizations, reprographics, restoration, terminology
 

 



cool hosted sites:

    acts facts archive

      albumen

anagpic
      student conference papers


      hermitage
    photograph conservation initiative 

      takiact
    (archaelogical conservators in turkey)

    video preservation

      waac
(western association for art conservation)
cool hosted archives:


abbey newsletter/ alkaline paper advocate archives

journal of the american institute for conservation (jaic) archives


journal of conservation & museum studies (jcms) archives

visit aic and faic:





© 2019 foundation for advancement in conservation (faic) | 
    about cool founder walter henry: about walter 








