


trompe l'oeil, murals, faux finishes and hand painted furniture by art effects of central florida












art effects
we put the trick in the trompe of trompe l'oeil




home
trompe l'oeil
 murals
faux finishes
painted furniture




  
	trompe l'oeil, murals, faux finishes 
and hand painted furniture by art effects... 
a florida based mural and faux painting company. (polk county, lakeland, florida)
	you can also find us at  usmurals.com
 
tim and linda's  rodeo mural project | promote your page too





faux painting and custom murals...
			art effects is located in central florida and is an hour away from tampa and orlando.
			many of our finishes and especially our murals can be shipped across the country and throughout the world.
		
		
trompe l'oeil murals, faux finishes and hand painted furniture,
 are painted using techniques in trompe l'oeil and 
 the art of faux finishing by art effects 
 to create illusions and decorative finishes. 
		
		
			
			
our "art effects" in trompe l'oeil and murals

welcome to our "art effects",
where "painting your imagination"
 is accomplished with trompe l'oeil (trompe-l'å“il), murals, faux finishes and 
hand painted furniture. 
 
"art effects" based in central florida is the result of the combined artistic endeavors
 of trompe l'oeil muralists tim haas of tim haas artistry and
  linda cassels-hofmann of castles in the air.
together we use a wide variety of techniques to create 
imaginative illusions with our painted wall murals 
and trompe l'oeil artwork.
 whether it is through the skillful art of faux finishing
  or the tricks of trompe l'oeil, our wall murals,
	 hand painted furniture, unique forms of trompe l'oeil paintings,
	 decorative wall textures and sophisticated faux finishes
 will have you wondering... what is real and what is not. 
 




trompe l'oeil



		
			trompe l'oeil niche mural with ivy, *everything is hand painted*		

			



 
   trompe l'oeil ...
	 to deceive, fool or trick the eye, an illusion...
	 what you
see 
is not always what you get.  the following is art effects' 
    online examples of decorative finishes (
 
   trompe l'oeil) and painted wall murals that tricks the eye.

		can you be tricked by our trompe?
 
   trompe l'oeil
 


faux and mural bookstore 

online faux finish brush store



 

 
 

come visit our store on cafepress!

a store for artist by artists.a store for your artist' gear and gifts!
			
			
			
murals
mural...
  a very large image,
such as a painting applied directly to a wall or ceiling.
			using techniques in trompe l'oeil and faux finishing
art effects can create hand painted wall murals
 that will make an impact on whoever enters a room.
 follow the link below to see many of 
  art effects' painted murals using trompe l'oeil, 
faux finishes with unique effects and other illusions with art.
			
 
    follow this link to view the step by step process of the african mural






faux finish painting and plaster finishes



 
   sophisticated finishes using faux finishing and plaster textures 

faux...adj. artificial; fake; false;  
	 the art of faux finish painting and trompe l'oeil
	  both can co-exist in any artist's or muralist's portfolio,
 both a faux finish and a piece of trompe l'oeil art 
are used to create an illusion, that fools or "tricks the eye".
 follow the faux finish link below 
 to find many examples of how art effects incorporates 
faux finishes with unique effects
 into all our decorative finishes.
can you tell where the faux ends and the real begins?
 
   faux finishes and the art of faux


wall murals in children's rooms
	using skills in trompe l'oeil and faux finishing 
	art effects can create imaginative children's murals or accents in
	 your child's room
	to fulfill their wildest dreams.

 now it is easy for you to own an art effects' mural...
portable murals
easy to place where ever you want and easy to move.



artisticallyspeaking.com 
an online magazine created to be the leading resource of contemporary decorative art and artisans. 
  
the mission of artisticallyspeaking.com is simple:

giving voice to a new generation of decorative artisans
sign up today for this free online magazine!




sign up for our email newsletter















for email marketing you can trust








on sale this month...

on sale this month

$1200.00	
		play ball!



$300.00 pick a bird!




$250.00customized to your favorite sport!


murals on sale this month
completely portable!





					
how to's and step by steps

					"can you tell where the faux ends and the real begins?"


learn how to break a wall!




	e-mail...
 twohofmanns@gmail.com

art effects'home
site map
contact us
portfolio
trompe l'oeil
murals
portable murals
mural painting
wildlife murals
children's rooms
theme rooms
faux
paper 'plique
wall textures
hand painted furniture
an artist
articles and awards
how to's
special links


		
			

				
finally it is easy for you to own an art effects' mural...
portable muralsfree shipping in the us
			the new decorating solution for your home or office these portable murals are are easy to install and move at a later date!
an artist

				"



he who works with his hands is 
    a laborer. he who works with his hands, and 
    his head is a craftsman. he who works with 
    his hands, and his head, and his heart, is an artist. 
 

" 
 - st. francis of assisi

		
		artists' tee-shirts for sale!		

				

they're here! 
t shirts designed for the decorative artist 
get fauxed





 amazon.com widgets








check out!
the grandaddy of 'em allall-florida championship rodeo mural
		

		faux and mural painting supplies, brushes and books!
	everything you need for your craft!
the paint factory orlando
 handy dandy tool box

everybody needs one!

stack-on ss-20 step 'n stor step stool, black







introducing
peintre de l'illusion, featuring annie sloan chalk paint




painted art (with) effects 
 creating unique decorative finishes and murals
		 
		 all our decorative murals and other effects are largely influenced by 
our love of nature and wildlife.
 many pages will lead you through our wall murals and unique artwork where
"painting your imagination" is our goal. each painted mural or decorative finish
is created using carefully executed  
   techniques in trompe l'oeil and faux finish painting,
 both of us, as artist love putting extra care into the trompe l'oeil
aspect of the piece of art. please enjoy our "art effects"...
decorative finishes and unique murals created using
 trompe l'oeil and faux finish painting techniques
and check back often, we try to add to our portfolio of painted finishes
as our murals and decorative finishes are completed.				
				
				
				
					
				
				

		
			the following pages offer just a glimpse of art effects' extensive
portfolio of decorative finishes including: hand painted murals hand painted furniture

faux finishes with unique effectswall art with trompe l'oeil.


   portfolio of decorative finishes...trompe l'oeil, murals, faux finish paintings and hand painted furniture 



 
		
		pages dedicated to
 trompe l'oeil	


		 trompe l'oeil ceilings

		 trompe l'oeil rips and tears

		 trompe l'oeil and faux

		 trompe l'oeil murals

		 trompe l'oeil break aways

		 trompe l'oeil window murals

		trompe l'oeil arches
faux and trompe l'oeil effects
 




 
   hand painted furniture with murals and faux 

using our unique art effects on a custom designed piece of furniture
we create and hand paint in our shop or one of your own,
you will be guaranteed artwork that will make a lasting impression. 
follow the link below to see some examples of our hand painted furniture,
we create using talents in design, 
faux finishing,
 
   trompe l'oeil effects and mural painting.



hand painted
furniture


faux finish schools,
faux finishing
classes and
mural workshops


faux finish products



polk county resources

please visit the internet's most frequented faux painting and
murals message board!


murals plus















		
		 links of interest






peintre de l'illusion, featuring annie sloan chalk paint
 
peintre de l'illusion johanne bilodeau, offre des services de peinture de faux finis, des imitations de bois, de marbres, de bã©ton, de murales, trompe-l'å“il, de fausse tapisserie et plus encore. des finitions ã  l'ancienne sur meuble et armoire. 

wildlife art by stephen koury...wildlife and nature art prints and originals 

polk county and lakeland, florida resources 
pcba
 parade of homes polk county (lakeland, fl) parade of homes

lakeland business list
decorative finishes in "concrete stain"


		 elegant and sophisticated  finishes with adicolor 
bella vernici
 architectural concrete
staining system
boat id numbers...water proof vinyl
why be green...go green!
rebel warriors...computer and video games
wallovers repeat and allover stencil designs





	   
 



image gallery 


































more portfolio





			
			  ©copyright 2002 art effects. all rights
reserved.   
															
			

home    
				trompe l'oeil    
				 murals    
		   faux finishes    
				painted furniture    
				site map

















