






majestic golf | majestic golf






































 



















facebook




x




instagram


  
 
 











golfcourse

course history
lessons
scorecard
course gallery


events

outing info


leagues
links
contactus
employment
book a tee time
purchase a gift card
downloadapp
 


select page


  
 



 



 















 


 


 

the majestic  at lake walden 














welcome to the majestic at lake walden























the majestic golf course is a championship facility with all of the amenities a golfer expects. spread out over 1400 acres of forests, meadows, and wetlands. the majestic offers 27 unique and challenging holes that are just as much fun to see as they are to play. each of the 27 holes was thoughtfully designed by course architect jerry matthews as an individual golfing experience with no two holes in sight of each other. 
27 spectacular holes with the great up north feel | large, well-manicured greens | full driving range with bent grass tees | full size putting green | well-stocked pro shop | exceptional service and great food







the course





events





leagues









course information

“majestic” is truly a great description of this course!  the majestic at lake walden (810-632-5235) is a 27 hole jerry matthews design, located on some of the most scenic land in michigan. the first 18 holes wind their way around 150 acre, spring-fed lake walden while holes 19-27, widely considered the most scenic of the three nines, intertwines with a natural wetlands area and ore creek.  the property is spread out over 1400 acres and includes a full complement of amenities, including full event coordination, a natural driving range, and large putting green. the topography features rolling hills with elevation changes from tee to green on many holes. tree-lined fairways offer fair landing areas with marshlands, multi-tiered greens, and a variety of bunkers to challenge your shot-making ability. four sets of tees allow you to choose your difficulty level and distance, ranging from 4700 to 7000 yards. daily pin placement sheets and proshot gps on each cart are in place for your convenience and to keep the pace of play moving. 
 
“we want to create an atmosphere that will make you want to come back time and time again!”

book a tee time







contact
majestic@majesticgolf.com
phone: 810.632.5235







location
p.o. box 477
9600 crouse road
hartland, michigan 48353



 










facebook




x




instagram


powered by foreup 




 














