
















maricopa county treasurer's office
 john m. allen, treasurer






































            maricopa county treasurer’s office
        

            john m. allen, treasurer
        



































click here to visit qasimyar lawsuit inquiry page. 















parcel search





parcel number




 - 

 - 

  


  
        





  
                search
                











                        not sure what your parcel number is?

                            click here
                        to search.

                    






pay your taxes online














corporate services


free and simple bulk payment solution for mortgage companies, tax servicing companies, developers and other multi-account payers.



                    corporate services / bulk payers
                    







contact us




questions and research requests 
office hours
                8am - 5pm monday - friday
(except federal holidays)
customer service
                phone: (602) 506-8511
                fax: (602) 506-1102





 








alerts




 seniors needing additional property tax relief and arizonans not required to file individual income taxes may be able to take advantage of state tax credits


 fraudulent scam alerts!


 beware of alternate tax payment websites!


enotices



announcements



may 2024


                                            may 1 - second half 2023 taxes are delinquent after 5:00 pm.
                                        

june 2024


                                            june 1 - bidders may begin to subtax 2024 liens. delinquent tax notices are sent to taxpayers for 2023 taxes.
                                        

august 2024


                                            board of supervisors adopts 2024 tax roll.
                                        

october 2024

october 1 - first half 2024 taxes are due.

november 2024

november 1 - first half 2024 taxes are delinquent after 5:00 pm for bills over $100.

december 2024

december 1 - final delinquent tax notices are sent to taxpayers for 2023 taxes.
december 31 - final date for assignment/sub-tax purchasing.
december 31 - final day to pay 2024 full year taxes without interest for taxes over $100 (*).
december 31 - full year tax bills equal to or less than $100 become delinquent after 5:00pm (*).
* if december 31 falls on a saturday, sunday or legal holiday, the taxes will accrue interest after 5:00pm on the next business day.






 more











resources



qasimyar vs. maricopa county
research request

about your treasurer


az state property tax overview


understanding your tax bill


payment options


reports


assistance programs

excess proceeds
government property lease excise tax
irs forms
liens and research

map of parcels with overdue taxes


tax guide


mission statement
                                the mission of the maricopa county treasurer’s office is to provide billing, collection, investment, and disbursement of public monies to special taxing districts, the county, and school districts for the taxpayers of maricopa county, so the taxpayer can be confident in the accuracy and accountability of their tax dollars.
                            

vision statement
                                the vision of the maricopa county treasurer’s office is to be recognized nationally as the most efficient, innovative, and transparent tax collection agency.
                            










bidder




registered cp (certificate of purchase) bidders may download their outstanding portfolio, activity and annual statements. updates to profile information must be submitted in writing to the tax lien department.



  
                                tax lien web
                                





agencies



  
                        agency web
                        


parcel watch


subscribe to this free service.  
 click to learn more.
 subscribe here.



                           parcel watch login 
                        














 contact us
                        

 site map
 glossary of terms
 your treasurer's office


 search our site
                        








 301 west jefferson st., suite 100, phoenix, arizona 85003
            

               
            
research request   

               
            
e-mail us   

               
            
(602) 506-8511   

               
             
            ttd 711   

               
             
            disclaimer















×




seniors needing additional property tax relief and arizonans not required to file individual income taxes may be able to take advantage of state tax credits


                    individual income tax filing season in the state provides potential benefits for arizonans whose income level is below minimum threshold limits and not required to file an individual income tax
                    return or are seniors who own a residence.
                

                    both may still be eligible for state tax benefits by submitting two forms available through the arizona department of revenue - form 140et credit for increased excise taxes or form 140ptc property tax refund claim.
                



                            form 140ptc is used by qualified individuals to claim a refundable income tax credit for taxes paid on property located in arizona that is either owned by or rented by the taxpayer.
                            form 140ptc provides a tax credit of up to $502. to claim a property tax credit, you must file your claim or extension request by april 15, 2020. you cannot claim this credit on an
                            amended return if you file it after the due date.
                        

                            form 140et is used by individuals not required to file an arizona individual income tax return but qualify to claim the refundable excise tax credit. the maximum credit available
                            for the increased excise tax (form 140et) is $100 per household. an excise tax is a tax levied on certain goods by the state or federal government such as fuel, cigarettes, cellphones and alcoholic beverages.
                        



                    individuals not filing an income tax return and claiming both credits need only to complete form 140ptc.  however, individuals not submitting a tax return and not claiming the property tax credit must complete
                    form 140et to claim the credit for increased excise taxes.
                

                    to determine eligibility for either form 140ptc or form 140et, see form instructions at www.azdor.gov/forms/individual.
                



                        to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                    












×




disclaimer


terms of use


                    the maricopa county treasurer has made every effort to ensure that the information contained on this web site is accurate and current. 
                however, the treasurer’s office does not guarantee that each and every item of information is completely accurate. therefore, the user is advised to make his or her own 
                independent analysis and investigation, rather than reliance on this information. the maricopa county treasurer’s office hereby disclaims liability for any damages, direct or indirect, 
                arising from use of or reliance upon this information.
                
 
recommended settings

                    adobe reader (available free of charge from adobe systems) is required to view some content on this site. 
                after installing acrobat reader on your computer, you will be able to view and print pdf files. 
                

                    this web site uses style sheets. if style sheets have been disabled on your browser, pages may appear different than originally designed. 
                to view this site properly, style sheets should be enabled on your browser.
                

                    we recommend viewing this web site with the following browsers:
                

windows
                    
microsoft internet explorer 8.0 or higher
chrome
firefox


macintosh
                    
safari 5.1.7





to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                    












×




cp expirations legal changes

there has been a change in cp liens that is applicable to lienholders.  beginning september, 2019, sb1236 will include a provision that modifies the language in §a.r.s. 42-18127 section a.
the original certificate of purchase, in addition to all subsequent taxes (sub taxes) will expire if an action to foreclose has not commenced within ten years after the last day of the month in which the original certificate was acquired.
pursuant to this legislation, tax liens eligible for expiration will include the original certificate and all related sub taxes in the expiration process.  those liens with deadlines that are already in effect will not be affected however it will affect all future sub taxing liens so that the deadline will expire within a ten year period after the last day of the month that it was acquired and time limits cannot be extended to the original purchase.
you should consult your attorney for further advice.


to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                    


















×




beware of alternate tax payment websites!


                    please be aware of other property tax payment websites which could mislead you to believe they are the maricopa county treasurer’s website.
                    although you can make payments through them, they are not our official agent and will charge you processing fees.
                    we have no control over payments made through them.




                        to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                    













































×












parcel/account #:  



 - 

 - 

  





  
                    please wait...





 find a parcel number using the assessor's website














 


parcel number 123-45-678 9, can be entered as 123 45 678
parcel number 123-45-678a 9, can be entered as 123 45 678 a

for mobile home/business personal property - use the personal property roll number with a prefix of 9 as the parcel number.
                    example: roll number 60-00-001 8 can be entered as 960 00 001.
                



to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                            












×






                                to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                            










×




seniors needing additional property tax relief and arizonans not required to file individual income taxes may be able to take advantage of state tax creditsindividual income tax filing season in the state provides potential benefits for arizonans whose income level is below minimum threshold limits and not required to file an individual income tax return or are seniors who own a residence.both may still be eligible for state tax benefits by submitting two forms available through the arizona department of revenue - form 140et credit for increased excise taxes or form 140ptc property tax refund claim.form 140ptc is used by qualified individuals to claim a refundable income tax credit for taxes paid on property located in arizona that is either owned by or rented by the taxpayer. form 140ptc provides a tax credit of up to $502. to claim a property tax credit, you must file your claim or extension request by april 15, 2020. you cannot claim this credit on an amended return if you file it after the due date.form 140et is used by individuals not required to file an arizona individual income tax return but qualify to claim the refundable excise tax credit. the maximum credit available for the increased excise tax (form 140et) is $100 per household. an excise tax is a tax levied on certain goods by the state or federal government such as fuel, cigarettes, cellphones and alcoholic beverages.individuals not filing an income tax return and claiming both credits need only to complete form 140ptc. however, individuals not submitting a tax return and not claiming the property tax credit must complete form 140et to claim the credit for increased excise taxes.to determine eligibility for either form 140ptc or form 140et, see form instructions at www.azdor.gov/forms/individual.


                                to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                            










×






                                to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                            










×




beware of alternate tax payment websites!please be aware of other property tax payment websites which could mislead you to believe they are the maricopa county treasurer’s website. although you can make payments through them, they are not our official agent and will charge you processing fees. we have no control over payments made through them.


                                to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                            










×

 subscriber login


user name 
password 
subscribe 
 
                forgot your password
                 | 
                 
                forgot your user name





                    for existing subscribers, enter your registered email address. you will then be guided to create a non-email user name.
                



to close this window, press esc or click anywhere outside this window.
                            












;
    








