



homepage - ucf libraries





































































toggle navigation



menu

ucf libraries


 find
 services
 about
 help
 my account
 


ucf libraries homepage








 primo search  journals  databases  research guides  site search 




search everything in the primo database.










enter primo search query



pick search scope

available now: online and on shelf
everything in primo (available or not)
library catalog (no articles or chapters)
course reserves
cmc catalog





what type of content do you want to find? 


books:
include print and online books. some of the books might not be immediately available to ucf users.
videos
include videos and streaming videos. some videos might not be immediately available to ucf users
chapters
include book chapters. some chapters might not be immediately available to ucf users.
articles
include articles. the articles might not be immediately available to ucf users.




 books
    

 videos
    

 chapters
    

 articles
    


 search primo
for more options, try advanced search.





search our journals collection.




journal search terms

show journals that are:


 available on shelf
    

 available online
    

peer reviewed
    

 search journals
for more options click the journals list button. journals list




find a ucf libraries database.

guide search terms



 search



not sure which database you are looking for, you can click one of the buttons below to browse our databases.databases by subject databases by a-z


search the ucf libraries research guides.

guide search terms



 search



all research guides


search the ucf libraries website.



search website



 search



sitemap





library information
ask us


chat with us
call us
text us
email us
in person



today’s hours
john c. hitt library7:30am - 1amrosen library9am - 7pmdowntown library8am - 9pmcmc library9am - 6:30pm
hours for all libraries







computer availability
technology lending
textbooks
study rooms
print / copy / scan




21st century library project























previous



next




the 21st century library blends traditional library spaces with innovative design to provide faster access to library resources, new learning technologies, more seating for collaborative and individual study, better visibility to move within the building, and collections to support expanding programs.
phase iid of the project, the renovation of the fourth floor, is currently underway. the fourth floor is now under construction and closed to library patrons until the renovation is complete. please visit the other floors for your study needs.
view project








events


feb272025thu, 27 feb 2025 12:00:00 -0500

can i use that image?: how to legally use images, graphics, and other copyrighted materials
 12:00pm - 1:00pm
 virtual



view all


news





7 questions with access services guru, justin mcgill
all libraries
posted:  january 27th, 2025


meet justin mcgill, a longtime member of the ucf libraries team and a dedicated advocate for supporting campus resources. starting his journey as a student assistant, justin has grown within the organization to become the stacks unit supervisor, a role he has held since december 2023. a proud ucf graduate, justin earned his master’s degree […]






video spotlight: paraphrasing made easy
all libraries, video spotlight
posted:  january 16th, 2025


paraphrasing statements from a research article is a difficult feat, as you must accurately capture what the original source material is saying without using their words verbatim. the video below details how you can do so, step by step:






know your library: mango languages
all libraries, know your library
posted:  january 15th, 2025


are you interested in learning a new language? from refreshing your french from those classes you took in high school to taking on the challenge of korean or igbo, mango languages has all of the resources you need to progress! below, i give a brief rundown of the content mango languages has to offer and […]






tacko fall: to new heights
all libraries, john c. hitt library
posted:  january 7th, 2025


new book alert! ucf basketball fans will be familiar with the author of one of our newest autobiographies, tacko fall: to new heights. great book to read with your kids or younger siblings; it tells the story of tacko’s early life in senegal and immigration to america to play basketball. out of forty colleges vying […]

view all











find
books, ebooks, and chapters
articles & journals
videos & media
course materials and course reserves
research guides
collections
stars digital repository
technology lending
 services
print, copy, scan
study rooms
computers & technology
instruction
services for faculty
services for grad students & postdocs
services for undergrads
accessibility services
resource sharing / ill
 about
hours
libraries
departments
staff directory
organization chart – ucf libraries
strategic directions
policies
special borrowers
giving to the libraries
contact us
news & events
maps & addresses
library spaces
occupancy
jobs
21st century library
tech fee funded projects
facts & figures
 help
ask us
research guides
your librarian (campus & subject)
schedule an appointment
submit feedback
videos
citation management
report a problem
lost and found
site map
my account
 



follow on facebook

follow us on instagram

follow us on vimeo




copyright ©2025 ucf libraries




back to top




