










leena's.com: patternmaker tutorial web site










site map





 

        home page 


 

        suomeksi




 about leena's




 contact





welcome to leena's.com 
 welcome to leena's.com, the tutorial and pattern drafting site for 
patternmaker drafting sofware for pc.in this site, you will find tutorials, pattern drafting instructions, sewing instructions and many other sewing projects. please enjoy! 
        



use site map
this web site contains hundreds of pages of information. to find what you need quickly, please use the  site 
map 






patternmaker software, manufacturers and dealers 
 for patternmaker software, manufacturers and dealers, please go to the pattermaker website at http://www.patternmakerusa.com




learning

        center
tutorials
measuring
sewing instructions 
sewing 

        projects
pattern drafting
 site map
contact







pattern maker:  pattern drafting software for pc

patternmaker is a cad-program programmed for pattern 

                drafting in the usa. it is an independent cad software package. using 

                plug-ins, macros, with the patternmaker package allows one to 

                draw patterns with one's own measurements. 
 to 

                the website of patternmaker software, usa 

patternmaker software allows drawing patterns for 

                all kinds of figure shapes. computerized patterns solve problems 

                especially if you often need to adjust standard patterns to fit 

                your body shape.
 patternmaker 7 
 

              read about  patternmaker 7 properties

five program versions available

patternmaker basic, free, to run the macros
patternmaker deluxe, program version to run the macros and edit 

                the patterns drafted by the macros
patternmaker home, complete, independent cad software package
patternmaker expert, with grading and digitizing
patternmaker marker, industrial version

freeware basic version 

                the free patternmaker basic contains macro patterns for ladies 

                trousers and collars in fully functional form. the trouser macro 

                allows you to print trouser patterns with your measurements. the 

                collar macro can be used to print collars for existing jacket 

                patterns.
print with any printer

                patterns can be printed out with any printer. if the printer uses 

                a4 or letter paper, the program divides patterns onto several 

                sheets and prints guides for matching into the corner of each 

                sheet.
 read 

                more about patternmaker program versions

                you can also read more about patternmaker on the 
 

                 patternmaker software website

macros - fashion patterns to given measurements
adjusting 

                computerized patterns for your own measurements is easy: all you 

                need to do is enter your measurements and the computer will print 

                out patterns with a precise fit for you! macro pattern collections 

                are available for all basic ladies garments, as well as for menswear, 

                teenwear, childrenswear, babywear, maternitywear and lingerie. 

                patternmaker macros have been designed and programmed in finland 

                using the scandinavian pattern drafting method. 
 read more


patternmaker & macro quick user guide
petternmaker macro quick user  guide is now available on this site. 
 read 

              more


measuring makes the differencemeasuring 

                is the most important thing that is different in patternmaker 

                compared to other pattern drafting programs sold in usa. only 

                unambiguous and easy to take measurements are needed. this is 

                because the pattern drafting system used for programming the macros 

                is different, the scandinavian one.

             

               
                scandinavian pattern drafting system is very near 

                to the mueller & sohn pattern drafting system widely used 

                in europe (e.g in burda patterns).

            


                read about the measuring for the patternmaker macros. 

                use the measuring instructions also for the pattern drafting lessons 

                on this site.
 click 

                here


use patternmaker for many purposes i 

                have used patternmaker to produce patterns for a women's clay 

                torso. i do not know whether "real artists" approve 

                my technique but for me it was a lot of fun!
 read 

                more


pottery as a hobby

                pottery is one of my dearest hobbies. if you want 

                to see pictures, click on the link below. the text is in finnish 

                but the photos are international :)
 click 

                here to see photos 

pattern drafting instructions for women's basic 

                bodice

                
                pattern 

                drafting instructions for women's basic bodice have been published 

                on this site. please  click 

                here. if you want to see how patternmaker macros draft 

                patterns according to the scandinavian pattern drafting system, 

                please refer to these instructions. it is exactly the way patternmaker 

                macros draft basic bodice. each macro starts with basic bodice 

                according to given measurements on top of which design alterations 

                are programmed. if you want to try drafting your basic bodice 

                manually, just follow the instructions.

             
if you want to have basic bodice for men, women 

                and children to given measurements and with many ease options, 

                please use the 
 basic 

                bodice macro.

              
 


patternmaker hats collection and patternmaker womens coats macro  patternmaker hats collections contains patterns for hats, hoods and caps. patternmaker women's coats is a single macro (not a collection) that drafts a custom-fit pattern for an overcoat or robe.

              
 read more

 

rococo-garments with patternmaker

               in  autumn  of 2001, students at keski-savon oppimiskeskus, a trade school in finland, 

               costumed shakespeare's "twelfth night" using patternmaker software.
 read more







  

            home page 

        |         

       

             suomeksi

      |        

       about leena's

      |        

       contact information


http://www.leenas.com is a subsidiary of patternmaker software usa.   copyright © 1998, 2006  leena lähteenmäki, patternmaker software.http://www.patternmakerusa.com







