









the orchards at egg harbor | public wisconsin golf course | door county - home































































































                                        home                





                                        golf                








                                        scorecard & photos                





                                        course tour                





                                        rates & fees                





                                        memberships                









                                        tee times                





                                        online store                





                                        email specials                









                                        activities                








                                        real estate                





                                        dining guide                





                                        hotel guide                





                                        family activities                









                                        about ephraim                





                                        about door county                





                                        about egg harbor                





                                        about fish creek                









                                        events                








                                        outings, weddings & banquets                





                                        bar & grill                





                                        course news                









                                        contact                


 




 (920) 868-2483
 e-specials
 tee times


 tee times
























4 star golf & conditions 

reserve your tee time online click here











					golf memberships				

annual golf programs • enjoy & immerse click here











					special offers				

the best of what we have to offer click here











					weddings, outings & events				

unparalleled beauty & service click here







1
2
3
4











































tee times  •  gift cards  •  golf rates





























the orchards at egg harbor
"a four star, door county masterpiece" 
the orchards at egg harbor is a spectacular 18 hole championship golf course is built on 200 acres of scenic door county property. the course is 7,200 yards from the back tees and winds through mature hardwoods, orchards and rolling meadows that are highlighted by a 5-acre lake.  it's challenging design is rated 74.4 from the tips, but offers at least 4 sets of tees at each hole that allow players of all skill levels to find an appropriate challenge for their game. 
the new clubhouse is a magnificent compliment to the orchards championship course. this clubhouse is a great place to relax, socialize, dine, and entertain. our welcoming staff pampers you with a full service bar and grill, a fully-equipped golf pro shop, spacious locker rooms with shower facilities, a large conference room, and a distinct banquet area. the orchards clubhouse is designed to host golf outings, corporate meetings, parties, wedding receptions, and social functions. treat yourself to a memorable round of golf and see why the orchards at egg harbor is considered a perfect centerpiece for door county, wisconsin... 
explore the orchards and see why jsonline rated us as:
“the best public course on the peninsula...it's the only public course in door county with bentgrass fairways, tees & greens.”  read the article: click here
"weekend getaway" article by js online: click here















egg harbor forecast






recent news 





							2024 golf season						+




 opening for season friday april 26, 2024. 







1
2




›
‹























door county's outstanding orchards at egg harbor
golf digest's coveted 4 star rating


what people are saying
when wisconsin is viewed on a map, it can be compared to a left-handed mitten with its thumb extended northeast into lake michigan. that peninsula separates the lake from green bay, encompassing door county, one of north america's top-10 vacation destinations & a place where time seems to stand still.
read more...























 

 

+click here




						pro shop & online store					 


				a fully stocked proshop with today's finest brand name merchandise. buy an orchards gift card as the perfect holiday or birthday gift. available in almost any amount..and can be purchased in our online store.			
click here





 

 

+click here




						golf saver email alerts					 


				don't miss out on the best specials and savings opportunities throughout the year. sign up and we will email you ongoing promotions and exclusive coupons for savings on golf packages and local activities.  			
click here





 

 

+click here




						outings & events					 


				our dazzling reception facility provides a unique back drop for your wedding and reception, special event, or your important business function.  find out & request more info for your special event today!			
click here

























home  •  tee times  •   gift cards  •  contact



















© the orchards at egg harbor • 8125 heritage lake road • egg harbor, wi 54209tel: (920) 868-2483 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company





















facebook



facebook










twitter

tweets by @orchardsgolf













