


























student engagement

























      skip to main content
    










student engagement




 events calendar


memorial union


student union board





search



close search



search

  submit search


give to the mu




toggle menu










close main menu




student engagement



about


            annual events 



            student engagement consultation 



            affiliated student organizations 



            ask student engagement 



            contact us 



            staff directory 





arts & the workspace


            workspace events calendar 



            drop in crafts 



            paint your own pottery 



            open studios 



            art in the mu 



            art mart 



            workspace event request form 



            custom buttons and magnets 





cybowl & billiards


            current promotions 



            frequently asked questions 



            history of cybowl 



            pricing 



            reservations and private rentals 



            underground cafe 





leadership & service


            alternative breaks 



            catalyst 



            fall volunteer fair 



            iowa student leadership experience 



            leaders workshop series 



            non-profit protege program 



            we lead 





student organizations


            resources for student organizations 



            search the database 



            starting a new student organization 





maintenance shop


            live at the m-shop 



            tickets 













 events calendar


memorial union


student union board


give to the mu

search

  submit search



























memorial union student engagement 


about us












your next opportunity is in the making
 involvement outside of the classroom is an important part of your college experience. in addition to events, student engagement provides opportunities for entertainment, creative arts, leadership, service, and so much more.



search student orgs















student union board







isu afterdark







annual events







leadership and service







student organization resources







event authorization











83%
of students feel more connected to campus after attending a program at the memorial union 











300
programs and activities that support the needs and interests of all students



 
 























iowa state has allowed me to get involved from the second i walked onto campus. i've been able to develop leadership skills while also becoming immersed in the unique community iowa state has to offer.
monet butler, honors student board member, first year council peer advisor, orchesis dancer, pohlman museum fellow, and undergraduate research ambassador











800+
student organizations at iowa state university



 student organizations
one of our best traditions is joining one (or more!) of the 800+ student organizations on campus. find a club that matches your academic and career goals, or discover an organization that fulfills you on a personal level. whether it is baking, building, volunteering, or dancing, joining student organizations helps you find the people who love what you love. 
not sure where to start? search our student org database for clubs that fit your interests and goals. don't forget to check out clubfest, a signature student engagement event that happens twice a year. hundreds of clubs register for the event and are ready with informational handouts, displays and giveaways to highlight their club and recruit new members!




















mu facebookmu instagrammu twittermu youtube




contact us






a-z index


directory


events




student engagement

1560 memorial union        2229 lincoln way
        ames, ia 50014



            515-294-8081


 studentengage@iastate.edu







privacy policy
non-discrimination policy
digital access and accessibility
consumer information


© iowa state university of science and technology













