



















welcome to tikal park, tours, lodging and transportation






































 




                    tikalpark
                



                    arts
                



                    sciences
                



                    transportation
                



                    lodging
                



                    tours
                



                    special tours
                



                    birding tours
                



                    maps
                



                    about us
                

 

log on

 log on
 
 

        (0)
      


.


español (guatemala)


deutsch













 



 


 
 
 
 


 

 















‹ ›


tikal is the largest excavated site in the american continent and contains some of the most fascinating archaeological remains of the ancient maya civilization.  it is guatemala's most famous cultural and natural preserve and was declared a national park in 1955 and a world heritage site by unesco in 1979. 
tikal comprises 576 km2 or 222.4 mi2 of lush jungle surrounding the maya ceremonial center.


it took the university of pennsylvania 13 years to uncover about 10 mi2 of structures at tikal. however, much of it still remains to be unearthed... read more
 


 


 
 
 










    version: 








 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
tikal park tours

tikal from guatemala city 
tikal one day tour from flores
tikal from belize by land
tikal from cancun by air
tikal from palenque by land
tikal from chetumal by land
flights from guatemala
tikal sunrise tour
tikal sunset tour
birding tours
canopy tours
helicopter tours to el mirador
picture gallery
new--- deep immersion in nature at tikal / ethnobotanical tour (medicinal plants of the maya)

​
opening hours
the tikal national park is open from 6 am to 6 pm, every day of the week, 365 days a year! 
 
tikal national park entrance fees
pay park entrance online 
visite parque-tikal en español!
    tikal is the quintessential classic ancient maya site, due to its magnificent ceremonial architecture and urban design. it is a unesco-declared cultural and natural world heritage site, a nucleus zone within the maya biosphere reserve and one of the most iconic and emblematic sites in the entire maya world region. explore this ancient capital as you connect to the maya and nature with us at tikal park... 
 
 
latitude & longitude 
17.222049, -89.6236995
1713.3225, n, 08937.4220, w
 
elevation above mean sea level
306.96 mts / 1016.97 ft
         
 
visit palenque-park.com    one of our top destinations in the maya world.


 
tikal park news
           tikal park, along with our main tourism destinations in guatemala, has successfully gained a reputation as one of the most unique and exciting stops along the "expanded" maya world route.
       due to the exquisite blend of natural and cultural heritage sites, historic cities, and pristine natural hotspots you now have the opportunity to explore and experience true guatemala (2024). here you will marvel not only at the possibilities for adventure and self-discovery but also at the warmth and welcoming spirit of its people.
        tikal park has continued to amaze as guatemala positioned itself as # 1 among the top 12 best places to travel in the world in 2023. antigua guatemala is now among the top 25 best destinations to visit worldwide in 2025. we recommend booking with us well in advance, as many of our destinations around the country are in very high demand. just as 2023 was a great year 2025 is already looking promising for the tourism industry in our country.
    experience quality and the best possible professional services in the region, stay within our parks -- where all the action is -- and appreciate our guides' training. enjoy unforgettable sunrises and sunsets at tikal and yaxha, make remarkable wildlife sightings while you discover our new photographic hides, built especially for birders and wildlife enthusiasts like you, and come with us into the night... on our astronomy & archaeophotographic tours, and join us at night   on our astronomy and archaephotographic, where can learn about the star alignments of the buildings at tikal in an experience that will surpass all your expectations... 
    archaeologists continue processing findings and data using lidar (light detection and ranging) technology. these findings have revealed that the ancient maya built even larger cities --at tikal and el mirador, as well as in other parts of the maya world--possibly even earlier than previously presumed, as featured by natgeo in "lost world of the maya" (2019). an exciting new era of amazing scientific discoveries across the maya world is here, and technology is not letting us down... 
 


 
tikal sunrise & sunset
       at tikal we are prepared for your discovery or  return visit to experience more of this amazing ancient metropolis. join our sunset or sunrise tours and enjoy our natural and cultural heritage on our tikal archaeological day tour. experience new adventures at tikal with our full immersion in nature extended sunrise options or our extended sunset alternative: the hidden treasures of tikal, where you can visit remote architectural compounds at tikal park with our guide emeritus. explore  and join our guides -- your hosts at the site -- for a one-of-a-kind astronomical experience. 
 
           take a different kind of birding tour by finding the birds that appear in maya iconography and art, while exploring the wilderness with our exceptional birding guides... learn about the medicinal plants in the jungle that the maya knew and that contemporary maya still use to this day.  read more...
explore mesoamerica in 2025
           discover the heart of the maya world  with us... join us on a unique adventure from november 8th to 18th. explore mesoamerica with renown maya archaeologists, as scholars host your visits to the sites they have studied and specialize in. 
 
           our itinerary  starts in mexico city and features visits to unique museums and collections and to the sites of tenochtitlan, teotihuacan, monte alban, mitla, palenque and the yucatan peninsua on board the maya train in the yucatan, north of tikal.... alternatively, go deep into the jungle in guatemala to explore tikal, uaxactun, yaxha and el mirador in the maya biosphere reserve.
 


 
contact us...
especialistas en ecoturismo & aventura sa

a gt company
10th avenue 10-60 zone 14 guatemala city guatemala 01014
+502 59793030

 

ecotourism & adventure specialists, llc
a us company
call +1 (415) 666-2924
 
e-mail us at   
 

ecoadventure@ecotourism-adventure.com 
or


disocovermayaworld@gmail.com 

 


contact us via whatsapp 
 
  +502 55213300 &
        +502 55213300
      

inner journeys in extraordinary places

join our fascinating trips of personal transformation, inner journeys in extraordinary places, with a maya aj q'ij and discover the world of the maya as you learn about maya spirituality, ancestral knowledge and the sacred maya calendar in guatemala. read more...

 
tikal national park: 
responsible ecotourism in the maya world for our parks, people, and future
disciover how ecotourism & adventure specialists actively engage in conservation and sustainabilty programs in the maya biosphere reserve... 
read more...
 

read our traveler's comments...

 
 


ecotourism & adventure specialists, ecotourism & adventure leaders since 1997 


 
copyright 1998- 2025
ecotourism-adventure.com  
all rights reserved

 
 
  

 
inner journeys in extraordinary places
 

                        © copyright ecotourism-adventure.com. all rights reserved 1998 - 2015;
                    


 










                    sorry, an error occurred while processing your request.
                



















