






blind net - home page






































blind net



          
thank you for clicking, surfing, searching, and / or otherwise stopping by 
blind net. these pages provide you with useful and factual 
information about blindness; general information as well as links to 
organizations of and for the blind, and the companies that provide some of the 
products we use.


          
every site on the web reflects the views of its creators and or sponsors. it 
is no different here at blind net. if you realize that blind people are normal 
human beings who simply can't see and that we can do most anything a sighted 
person can do, (we just use alternative techniques), then you'll almost 
certainly like what you find here. we do not have, "the right 
answers," what we do have is 

a positive philosophy about blindness 
and its related issues.


          
this web site is divided into sections which should help you find the 
information you're looking for. you can also 

search the web.




general information about blindness.
who is blind, the courtesy rules of blindness, and other information.



a philosophy of blindness.
views on what blindness is and is not.



altrenative techniques.
how blind people do the things others do using sight.



resources.
what's available to help blind people.




education.
schools for the blind and related topics.



rehabilitation..
training in living and other skills



employment.
how and where the blind work.




medical.
here are some other websites with medical information about blindness. 
these sites are for information only and are not a substitute for your 
physician.



civil rights.
the rights of blind people; what they are, where they start, and where 
they stop.



products for the blind.
companies and organizations selling equipment and other products for the 
blind.



who are the blind who lead the blind?
leaders in the organized blind movement.



organizations of and for the blind.
organizations started by the blind or the sighted.



site text map.
our text list of the pages on blind net.



awards and activities.
awards given to blind net and the organizations we have joined.



support blind net.
how you can help blind net stay on-line.









send your questions or comments 
.



the blind net web site is 

copyright © 1995, 2010, 
all rights reserved.






you can search our web site ...








search this site - 
powered by 
freefind






















or search the web.




























you can help blind net stay on-line 
by using these links.






amazon


if you want it they've got it!











sell your electronic products on-line.

podcasts, ebooks, music, and more!

payloadz makes it easy!










click here and take control of your inbox.

















“i did it so can you,” 
is more than a book about losing weight, it also covers relaxation techniques, 
exercise, stress reduction, and attitude. its a distillation of the many 
techniques that have kept me alive for the last 30 years through a series of 
physical and mental-health challenges. these are the methods i used to go from 
a depressed, couch bound, fibromyalgia patient, 100 pounds overweight, to a 
cheerful, vibrant, triking harper.















these pages were coded using 
the shareware version of qedit v3 for dos.


this web site was built with 100% recycled materials.
no electrons were harmed in the construction of these pages.













the web access project is working to make the web easily accessible to 
disabled people. this logo is displayed because this web site is designed to 
be readable by people using screen readers and other computer access devices.








this web site is fully accessible to people using screen readers. 
there are no frames and tables are kept to a minimum.


















this web site is viewable with any browser. 

we all have our favorite browser but our web sites should be viewable by all.















