

































































martinsville bulletin | breaking news | | read martinsville and henry county, virginia breaking news, weather, traffic, crime, sports, lifestyles, entertainment, politics, obituaries, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















27°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting



other




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theater



movies & tv



music



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



comics



games & puzzles



contests



play



brand ave. studios



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo





print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









27°
clear
























        
        
            stroller: spca renovations, culture and soul expo, and lunch and learn

today’s word is samara. example: the child flung a samara into the air, amused by how it spun down like a propeller. 

















        
        
            winter storm watch issued for martinsville and henry county

the national weather service in blacksburg has issued a winter storm watch for our area that goes into effect at 6 a.m. wednesday and expires at noon thursday. 

















        
        
            high school boys basketball: martinsville finishes regular season with win over magna vista

the martinsville boys basketball team picked up a win when it needed it most, defeating magna vista, 57-49, in both teams' regular season finales on saturday in ridgeway. 

















        
        
            martinsville's jordan draper, magna vista's jerelle carter win region wrestling titles

martinsville's jordan draper and magna vista's jerelle carter jr. both won region wrestling titles this weekend. full results for all local wrestlers at regions can be found here.

















        
        
            one week left: general assembly due to adjourn on friday

with approximately 300 bills outstanding for the house to consider, del. eric phillips, r-henry, says he is hopeful this year’s session will adjourn at the end of the week. 

















        
        
            martinsville's sherman dillard wins two region swimming titles; local results from region swimming championships

martinsville high school sophomore sherman dillard backed up his two piedmont district titles in the 50 and 100 yard freestyles by winning the region 2c championship in both events on friday at christiansburg aquatic center. 

















        
        
            high school girls basketball: magna vista defeats martinsville for 5th straight perfect piedmont season

with a 56-19 win over martinsville on saturday in ridgeway, the magna vista girls basketball team finished the regular season unbeaten in piedmont district play for a fifth straight season. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            winter storm watch issued for martinsville and henry county


















        
        
            inmate sues henry county adult detention center


















        
        
            martinsville's jordan draper, magna vista's jerelle carter win region wrestling titles















                
                the latest










        
        
            update: prepare for strong thunderstorms in southside virginia sunday morning

an updated report from the national weather service was issued on sunday at 7:42 a.m. for strong thunderstorms until 8:15 a.m. the alert is for henry, pittsylvania, halifax and charlotte counties. 












        
        
            update: flood advisory for virginia sunday morning

on sunday at 7:33 a.m. an updated flood advisory was issued by the national weather service in effect until 10 a.m. the advisory is for galax and martinsville as well as carroll, floyd, franklin, grayson, henry and patrick counties. 




















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react




















        
        
            presidents' day protesters gather in opposition of the trump administration












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 




















        
        
            virginia football transfer portal tracker: who is committed to the cavaliers? who is on the way out?

virginia football's 2024 season is over and roster changes for 2025 are already starting to take shape. this transfer portal tracker keeps up to date information.




















        
        
            high school girls basketball: warriors comeback comes up short against perennial power abingdon

ridgeway: a tough defensive contest early turned into a scoring slugfest in the second half of thursday’s region 3d regular season matchup between magna vista and abingdon. 




















        
        
            vcu men's basketball, ur women will play without fans amid richmond water crisis

vcu athletics announced on wednesday afternoon that tonight's men's basketball game against fordham at the siegel center will be played without spectators due to the ongoing water outage in richmond. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            the working parent's post-holiday back-to-school survival guide

contributor content. face the post-holiday hustle with confidence and discover how to make this back-to-school season a positive experience for parents and children alike.




















        
        
            emotional dependency on ai in north carolina: is it dangerous?

affiliate content. explore the potential dangers of emotional dependency on ai in north carolina, examining its psychological and societal implications.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            martinsville optical comp



                                        p. o. box 4748, martinsville, va 24115
                                    






















        
        
            indian valley ch of god



                                        2223 macks mt rd, indian valley, va 24105
                                    






















        
        
            at&t



                                        448 main street, winsted, ct 06098
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















other





        
        
            collinsville dental associates
































×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


place an ad

event calendar

join our team

public notices

newsletter sign-up

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        martinsville bulletin	, 19 e. church st. martinsville, va 24112
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























