

































































casper star-tribune | breaking news | get the latest news, weather and sports from casper star tribune.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















3°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



business



wildfires



crime



state & regional



education



307 politics



outdoors



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guests/columnnists




sports


high school 



university of wyoming



casper college



professional



betting



rodeo




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



music



movies & tv



comics



games & puzzles



contests



play



announcements



people



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



people



pets




join the community


news tip



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars for sale



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

cars for sale








3°
cloudy
























        
        
            bottles to byways: wydot uses recycled glass rocks to rebuild teton pass after landslide

in his shop on the idaho side of teton pass, halsey hewson, has a revolutionary featherweight rock sitting on top of an electric fireplace.

















        
        
            wyoming's allyson fertig named mountain west player of the week

wyoming center allyson fertig claimed her third mountain west player of the week honor on monday.

















        
        
            riverton man sentenced after admitting to sexual abuse of child

hunter devries, once a fremont county school board hopeful, pleaded guilty to multiple counts of first-degree sexual abuse of a minor. he was sentenced last week.

















        
        
            bridger-teton employees fired; grand teton reductions expected

bridger-teton national forest workers were fired friday after the trump administration directed the u.s. forest service to cut about a tenth of its staff. how many is unclear.

















        
        
            natrona county, kelly walsh athletes enjoy solid weekend in casper

looking back at how nc and kw sports teams fared over the weekend.

















        
        
            investigators find 3rd victim from fiery wyoming highway tunnel crash

officials said sunday that six commercial vehicles and two passenger vehicles were completely destroyed in friday's crash along interstate 80 near the small town of green river.

















        
        
            northwest college student restarts her life after brain injury, wins award

thea farrington moved to wyoming after suffering a traumatic brain injury. after leaving her life behind, she decided to go back to school at northwest college.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 17 recap: wyoming news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from casper star-tribune. 





















        
        
            wyoming neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in casper star-tribune. 





















        
        
            wyoming neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in casper star-tribune. 





















        
        
            wyoming neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published today in casper star-tribune. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react




















        
        
            presidents' day protesters gather in opposition of the trump administration












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            boys high school basketball scores/schedule feb. 17-22

boys high school basketball scores/schedule




















        
        
            girls high school basketball scores/schedule feb. 17-22

girls high school basketball scores/schedule




















        
        
            2025 shrine bowl north-south rosters

2025 shrine bowl rosters




















        
        
            high school weekend skiing results feb. 14-15

high school weekend skiing results













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            affordable frames to match your personal style from the comfort of your home

contributor content. it makes sense for eyeglass wearers to want frames that highlight who they are, enhancing their appearance and keeping them confident, without compromising on affordability or their vision.












sponsored








        
        
            addressing the aging population in casper: how helping hands stay at home care is making a difference

content by helping hands stay at home care. helping hands, founded in nebraska in 2016 and then expanded into wyoming in 2020, offers innovative and compassionate care solutions to support seniors and their families.












sponsored








        
        
            5 reasons to visit boomtown blast this holiday season — and beyond

content by boomtown blast. here’s why boomtown blast is the best stress-free spot to host your holiday or birthday gathering.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            tomi strock



                                        125 cherokee trail, douglas, wy 82633
                                    






























        
        
            college pro painter



                                        555 e butterfield rd ste 210, lombard, il 60148
                                    



 website






















        
        
            terrace drive storage



                                        511 n. forest dr., casper, wy 82609
                                    





































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube







wyovarsity

pokes authority



sites & partners


e-edition

obituaries

weather

comics

puzzles and horoscopes

town crier

online features

work at wyoming

special sections

get healthy




services


contact us

customer service

activate your subscription

email updates

jobs

real estate

auto

legals

dealer returns

other classifieds

advertise 

work here

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        casper star-tribune, 100 n. ash street casper, wy 82604-2883
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























