







rockingham county, nh – the official rockingham county, nh government website








































 

 







 


  menu

skip to content

homecounty information

public information, forms, and faqs

annual reports and financials
board of commissioners public meeting videos and minutes
emergency rental assistance program
other reports


directions
towns & city links


rfp/bid

rsvp site visit


departments

all departments
corrections

inmate information


county attorney
facilities operations
finance
human resources

careers, recruitment & referral programs


registry of deeds

property fraud alert


rehabilitation nursing & assisted living
sheriff’s office
treasurer
university of new hampshire cooperative extension
commissioners
delegation


careers
employee access

internal forms


events



 



 



welcome to rockingham county


on behalf of the rockingham county board of commissioners, welcome to rockingham county, the commerce center of southern new hampshire. our county has been cited on numerous occasions as one of the best locations in which to establish a home and a thriving business. this has been accomplished by providing our residents with outstanding opportunities in education, strategic business location, a skilled labor force, no state income tax, and excellent quality of life.
rockingham county has always emphasized its many advantages for new business opportunities such as our central location (located on new hampshire’s seacoast/60 minutes north of boston), multiple forms of easy-access transportation, and the county’s most important resource – a talented and dedicated workforce.
while browsing through this website you will note the numerous advantages to locating your business and residence in rockingham county. whether you are looking for a rural setting or the excitement of a large city, rockingham county is the place for you.
interested in joining the incredible team at rockingham county?  we offer a very progressive benefit package including paid time off, medical/dental insurance, and retirement. career areas range from legal, jail/corrections, law enforcement, nursing, maintenance, office/clerical, and accounting.
visit our employment page to see our latest employment opportunities!








						upcoming events					






			feb		

			20		








8:30 am – 10:30 am 



		board of commissioners meeting	










			feb		

			27		








8:30 am – 10:30 am 



		board of commissioners meeting	










			mar		

			6		








8:30 am – 10:30 am 



		board of commissioners meeting	










			mar		

			13		








8:30 am – 10:30 am 



		board of commissioners meeting	










			mar		

			20		








8:30 am – 10:30 am 



		board of commissioners meeting	









		view calendar	











 






 copyright © 2020 rockingham county, nh. all rights reserved.
“rockingham county, nh (herein named “county”) provides the www.rockinghamcountynh.org and www.co.rockingham.nh.us website as a service to the public. the county is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within this website.
while the information contained within this website is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and up-to-date.
although the county website may include links providing direct access to other internet resources, including websites, the county is not responsible for the accuracy or content of information contained in these sites.

 


























