



















































glassonweb.com | glass and fenestration industry news












cookie settings


      skip to main content
    










gow navigation


news


directory


classifieds


articles


topics


forum


events
















sign in


log in



email or username


      enter your email address or username.
    


password


      enter the password that accompanies your email address.
    






i forgot my password


or
create new account












































home




















photo source
tvitec







the perfect welcome: rocalux by tvitec



        18 feb
      

                  redefine elegance in entrances, lobbies, and vestibules now
                      





















 







nordic façade forum helsinki 2025



        18 feb
      

                  world-class experts gather in finland to shape the future of façade design
                      















latest news









 







                      events
                  

gafa2025: a game-changing experience awaits!



        18 feb
      

                  southeast asia’s premier event for the glass and façade industry returns to the indonesia convention exhibition (ice) in jakarta, indonesia, from 6th to 9th november 2025!
                      












 







                      events
                  

join the 19th glazing executives forum



        18 feb
      

                  don't miss the premier event for glazing contractors to learn, network, and tackle industry challenges.
                      












 







                      seminars
                  

17th int. seminar on furnace design – operation & process simulation



        17 feb
      

                  every two years glass service sponsors an educational furnace design seminar in the czech republic for the benefit of its customers. the seminar is scheduled for 18 – 19 june 2025.
                      

















 







                      glass facades
                  

efficient upgrading of mullion/transom and transom/transom façades - schüco aoc 50 / 60 reno



        17 feb
      

                  schüco is expanding its contribution to adaptive reuse with the aoc 50 / 60 reno refurbishment solution.
                      

















 







                      announcements
                  

trulite and dependable glass works announce acquisition



        17 feb
      

                  trulite is pleased to announce the acquisition of dependable glass works headquartered in covington, la effective february 3, 2025.
                      












 







                      glass for europe
                  

glass for europe joins aegis europe



        14 feb
      

                  in 2025, glass for europe is joining a new industry alliance to promote manufacturing investment, innovation, job creation, and economic growth in europe.
                      












 







                      financial reports
                  

glaston’s financial statement bulletin january 1 – december 31, 2024



        14 feb
      

                  steady development in comparable ebita in soft market environment
                      












 







                      measurement
                  

how to address inconsistencies in gas concentration readings of sparklike laser devices



        13 feb
      

                  in the production and quality control of insulating glass units (igus), maintaining consistent gas concentration readings is important to maintain its properties.
                      






















 







                      glass recycling
                  

maltha glass recycling: a new life for solar panels



        13 feb
      

                  maltha glass recycling, a leading european recycler and renewi subsidiary, announces a successful pilot test with saint-gobain.
                      












 







                      float glass
                  

inauguration of revolutionary volta flat glass production line



        13 feb
      

                  on 12 february 2025, agc and saint-gobain officially inaugurated the volta production line in the presence of local authorities, stakeholders and representatives of both companies.
                      












 







                      certifications
                  

agmt testing at fhc a success – new event planned



        13 feb
      

                  following the success of agmt testing at glassbuild 2024 in texas, agmt partnered with sponsor frameless hardware company to host physical testing at the fhc service center in irving, tx, from january 16-18, 2025.
                      












 







                      events
                  

photos & video highlights from day 1 of windoor-tech 2025



        12 feb
      

                  this is what the first day of the windoor-tech fair looked like in the eye of the camera. evaluate machines, technologies and solutions for the joinery industry! join the next days of the fair!
                      












 







                      events
                  

ggf a source of information and inspiration at this year’s fit show



        12 feb
      

                  the glass & glazing federation’s enhanced presence at this year’s fit show will bring together in one place the increasing number of its latest initiatives and projects that are having an impact on its members.
                      







more latest news


















 







şişecam joins global network of sustainability pioneers



        18 feb
      

                  şişecam has become a strategic member of the research and technology membership organisation glass futures.
                      

















 







lisec expands its product portfolio with laser processing



        17 feb
      

                  lisec announces the migration of cericom gmbh into lisec laser processing as new part of the lisec all.in.one:solutions portfolio.
                      












 







şişecam celebrates the 90 years of progress



        13 feb
      

                  founded in 1935 by türkiye i̇ş bankası, with the visionary leadership of mustafa kemal atatürk, şişecam is proud to celebrate its 90th anniversary.
                      












 







clarity glass & lisec: automating brazil’s tempered glass industry



        12 feb
      

                  clarity glass, in collaboration with lisec, is revolutionizing brazil’s tempered glass sector through cutting-edge automation.
                      












 







hegla: machines from kretzschau in the worldwide glass industry



        12 feb
      

                  hegla maschinenbau, whose headquarters are in the burgenlandkreis district of saxony-anhalt, is among the world’s market and technology leaders in its sector.
                      












 







satinal explains: the science behind solar pv modules



        10 feb
      

                  a deep dive into solar panel technology and the latest industry trends
                      
























topic blocks






glasstecmore...










 







interview: the ai-optimised and data-controlled future of recycling


thomas wesian, product manager at binder+co ag, germany, was a speaker at glass trends live at glasstec 2024, where he spoke about the ai-optimised an...










 







review: exhibitors share their glasstec experience


for many years they have already attended glasstec – renowned exhibitors from industry. already before glasstec 2024 seven of them took to their camer...










 







gpd exhibition powered by glasstec: a partnership for progress


glasstec, the world's leading trade fair for the glass industry, is dedicated sponsor of the renowned glass performance days (gpd) exhibition....



















insulating glass technologymore...










 







how to address inconsistencies in gas concentration readings of sparklike laser devices


in the production and quality control of insulating glass units (igus), maintaining consistent gas concentration readings is important to maintain its...

















 







the rise of thin triple insulating glass units: an industry game-changer


in this latest glastory blog, uwe risle explains why thin triple ig units are gaining popularity and what the key differences are between thin triple ...

















 







clarity glass & lisec: automating brazil’s tempered glass industry


clarity glass, in collaboration with lisec, is revolutionizing brazil’s tempered glass sector through cutting-edge automation....










 







horn builds oxy-hybrid furnace in germany


gerresheimer contracted the glass melting technology specialist horn to replace the existing furnace and to convert it to the latest low-co2 glass mel...










 







tps® insulating glass with ultra-thin center glass down to 0.5 mm is revolutionizing the glass industry


homeowners and builders can now upgrade windows with ease, thanks to glaston’s ultra-thin triple tps® ig units, offering superior insulation and effic...



















tempered glass technologymore...










 







glaston’s financial statement bulletin january 1 – december 31, 2024


steady development in comparable ebita in soft market environment...










 







glaston publishes the 2024 financial statements bulletin on 14 february 2025, at 8.30 a.m.


glaston corporation will publish its january−december 2024 financial statements bulletin on friday, 14 february 2025 at around 8.30 a.m. finnish time....

















 







optical anisotropy effects in laminated tempered glass


minor fluctuations in the tempering process of architectural glass lead to residual stress differences resulting in birefringence and undesired optica...










 







glastory: breakthroughs in automating glass processing


the latest glastory blog explores the evolving role of automation in glass processing, highlighting examples of how it is transforming efficiency in t...



















pv glass technologymore...










 







satinal explains: the science behind solar pv modules


a deep dive into solar panel technology and the latest industry trends...

















 







early-detection of eva encapsulant degradation in pv modules based on vibration frequency analysis


the present study consists in the analysis of composite systems characterized by higher flexibility, severe exposure to environment, and thus higher s...

















 







şişecam and ml system partner to revolutionize sustainable architecture with bipv


şişecam is proud to announce a transformative partnership with the polish company ml system....










 







glass for europe visits soltech with mep marina mesure


this tuesday january 28th, glass for europe had the pleasure of visiting soltech nv’s facilities accompanied by french member of the european parliame...










 







glass futures and diageo share global glass decarbonisation goals in india


last year, diageo and glass futures announced an expansion of their partnership into key regions such as india to explore effective routes for decarbo...



















laminated glass technologymore...










 







satinal explains: the science behind solar pv modules


a deep dive into solar panel technology and the latest industry trends...










 







rcn solutions: the first lia on the way to colombia


rcn solutions advances innovation with lia – laminating integrated automatism....










 







 online auction: high-quality igu & glass processing equipment


the auction will close on tuesday, 11 february 2025, from 11:00 am gmt....



















architecturemore...










 







solarban® glass enhances aesthetics, efficiency & acoustics at nashville airport hilton


the new 14-story hilton at nashville international airport combines innovative glazing solutions with precision engineering to deliver a striking, hig...










 







şişecam and ml system partner to revolutionize sustainable architecture with bipv


şişecam is proud to announce a transformative partnership with the polish company ml system....

















 







electrophoretic light modulator (elm) dynamic glass technology: a daylight and energy performance study


this study examines the potential benefits of electrophoretic light modulator (elm) on an amsterdam office's energy and daylight performance using dyn...










 







restoring hi-tech architecture


in this paper, we will discuss a challenging, iconic, heritage, refurbishment project – channel 4’s headquarters building located in london, england....



















videosmore...










 







photos & video highlights from day 1 of windoor-tech 2025


this is what the first day of the windoor-tech fair looked like in the eye of the camera. evaluate machines, technologies and solutions for the joiner...










 







elevate f&i offerings with diamon-fusion®: ultimate windshield protection


boost your f&i offerings with diamon-fusion®, the ultimate windshield protection solution that adds value for customers while increasing revenue for d...

















 







robotics in the glass industry | lisec


robots are finding their way into the flat glass industry, improving not only process reliability but also product quality. but where exactly are they...










 







#askglaston insulating glass manufacturing series episode 2: multi’arrisser


in this episode, gennadi schadrin, director research & development ig, shares insights into its creation and the remarkable benefits it brings to glas...

























































subscribe to our newsletters




follow us on












upcoming events



11 marthe 31th window door facade expo chinapoly world trade center, guangzhou, china


11 marworld of glass 2025expocentre fairgrounds, moscow, russia


27 marglasbau2025technische universität dresden, august-bebel straße, dresden, sachsen, de 


more...
































featured news









enduroshield: long-lasting glass protection at the montreal biodome








saint-gobain glass introduces climalit® plus to the moroccan market








tps® insulating glass with ultra-thin center glass down to 0.5 mm is revolutionizing the glass industry








saint-gobain glass france successful trial production of flat glass with bioliquid at its aniche plant!






last entries in directory



bks glazing systemsturkey | manufacturer


silver state glass & mirror counited states | industry service


radiance glassunited states | manufacturer


veraspec australiaaustralia | industry service


maxiglass facade solutionsportugal | manufacturer


drsunited kingdom | manufacturer



insert your company




























explore

news
directory
classifieds
articles
topics
forum





topics



africa


architecture


asia


china


doors & windows


eurasia


europe


events


facades, building envelopes and systems


glass coatings


glass pre-processing technology


glassbuild america


glasstec


green & sustainable building


insulating glass technology


interior glass applications


laminated glass technology


latin america & caribe


market & trends


middle east


north america


oceania


pv glass technology


tempered glass technology


under the lense


usa


videos


vitrum








about us

all about glassonweb.com
contact glassonweb.com

advertise

premium membership
advertise on glassonweb.com






subscribe to our newsletters




follow us on
















              © 2001-2025 glassonweb.com. all rights reserved.
              cookie policyprivacy policyterms of use














