house committee on energy and commerceskip to main contentsubscribememberssubcommitteescalendarnews & mediaaboutmemberssubcommitteescalendarnews & mediaaboutwelcome to the house committee on energy and commercee&c is at the forefront of all issues and policies powering america’s economy, including our global competitive edge in energy, technology, and health care.meet chairman guthrieexplore the subcommitteesour mission & historyestablisheddecember 14, 179530members6specialized subcommitteesthe latestfrom the committeefeb 14, 2025press releasechairman guthrie commends the creation of the national energy dominance councilwashington, d.c. – today, congressman brett guthrie (ky-02), chairman of the committee on energy and commerce, released the following statement on the formation of the national energy dominance council, led by secretary wright and secretary burgum.“energy security is national security. by utilizing our domestic energy resources to create baseload power, we can lower prices, secure our grid, and provide the energy needed to grow manufacturing, heat our homes, and fill our gas tanks,” said chairman guthrie. “the creation of this council under the leadership of secretary wright and secretary burgum is a strong step toward securing our energy future, and ensuring we have the resources necessary to meet the demands that ai will place on our grid. president trump is continuing to fulfill his promise to the american people to return our nation to energy dominance, and i look forward to working together to achieve that goal.” ### see moremore news & announcementsfeb 13, 2025commerce, manufacturing, and tradesubcommittee on commerce, manufacturing, and trade holds hearing on ai in manufacturingwashington, d.c. – yesterday, the house committee on energy and commerce subcommittee on commerce, manufacturing, and trade held a hearing titled ai in manufacturing: securing american leadership in manufacturing and the next generation of technologies . “the manufacturing sector is crucial to the american economy as it spurs job creation, supports innovation, and contributes significantly to gdp. the manufacturing sector also plays a key role in exporting goods and ensuring global competitiveness. the industry faces new opportunities as it fully embraces the potential of artificial intelligence applications that improve efficiency through automation, optimize supply chains, and enhance product quality,"   said chairman bilirakis .  "yesterday's cmt hearing provided thoughtful insight as to how this sector of the american economy can utilize ai technologies to ensure america’s continued dominance in the field by further streamlining operations and increasing domestic manufacturing. we look forward to working with the administration and industry to that harnesses this potential.” watch the full hearing here . below are key excerpts from yesterday’s hearing: subcommittee vice chairman russ fulcher (id-01): “manufacturing is the core of our economy. it contributes to more applications, is more sophisticated, and operates in a highly competitive environment with countries like china. china's manufacturing value-add and contribution to global gdp continues to outpace the united states and china produces more goods in the us in 9 of the top 11 manufacturing industries. but the us could outcompete and outperform china or any other country if we fully utilize our technologies, resources, and personnel…we need to learn how ai can help improve the production process, empowering the line worker to catch defects, innovate processes, and improve safety.” congressman john james (mi-10): “i recognize the grand opportunity that we have in front of us to pass real, substantive policy to benefit the american people as it pertains to ai and manufacturing. if we don't lead in ai, the chinese communist party will have all the brain power because they've stolen our ip, and they will have all the manpower because they're using slave labor to end western civilization without firing a shot. it's simply not enough to close our eyes and hope for the best.” congressman russell fry (sc-07): “back home in my district, in florence, south carolina, ge healthcare manufactures some of the best mri machines and systems in the world. these systems are used to provide a high-quality patient care in the us and around the world. and they leverage ai to enhance imaging speed and quality, helping doctors make faster and more accurate diagnoses. but ai's impact extends far beyond just healthcare. it is improving forecasting, planning, and process optimization at ge healthcare is manufacturing facilities, ensuring efficiency from the production line to the supply chain.” ###see morefeb 13, 2025healthchairman guthrie applauds confirmation of robert f. kennedy, jr., as hhs secretarywashington, d.c.  – today, congressman brett guthrie (ky-02), chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce, issued the following statement after robert f. kennedy jr., was confirmed by the u.s. senate to serve as secretary of the department of health and human services:  “americans deserve a health care system that empowers them to be healthy and prioritizes better outcomes. with rising obesity rates, concerning levels of chronic disease, an ongoing drug epidemic, and financially strained programs, we must embrace commonsense approaches to address the root causes of increasing costs, curb the flow of illicit substances flowing into our communities, and foster cutting-edge innovation,”   said chairman guthrie .  “i congratulate secretary kennedy on his confirmation and look forward to working with him to improve the health and wellbeing of the american people.”  ###see morefeb 12, 2025press releasechairman guthrie and vice chairman joyce announce creation of privacy working groupwashington, d.c.  – today, congressman brett guthrie (ky-02), chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce, and congressman john joyce, m.d. (pa-13), vice chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce, announced the establishment of a comprehensive data privacy working group and issued the following statement: “we strongly believe that a national data privacy standard is necessary to protect americans’ rights online and maintain our country’s global leadership in digital technologies, including artificial intelligence. that’s why we are creating this working group, to bring members and stakeholders together to explore a framework for legislation that can get across the finish line,”  said chairman guthrie and vice chairman joyce.   “the need for comprehensive data privacy is greater than ever, and we are hopeful that we can start building a strong coalition to address this important issue.” the working group welcomes input from a broad range of stakeholders. stakeholders interested in engaging with the working group can reach out to  privacyworkinggroup@mail.house.gov  for more information. background: the working group will be led by dr. joyce, vice chairman of the committee on energy and commerce. the working group will also include: congressman morgan griffith (va-09) congressman troy balderson (oh-12) congressman jay obernolte (ca-23) congressman russell fry (sc-07) congressman nick langworthy (ny-23) congressman tom kean (nj-07) congressman craig goldman (tx-12) congresswoman julie fedorchak (nd-al)   ###see moresee more newstrending subcommitteescommerce, manufacturing, and trade3 updatesinterstate and foreign commerce, including all trade matters within the jurisdiction of the full committee; consumer protection, including privacy matters generally; data security; motor vehicle safety; regulation of commercial practices (the federal trade commission), including sports-related matters; consumer product safety (the consumer product safety commission); product liability; and regulation of travel, tourism, and time. the subcommittee’s jurisdiction can be directly traced to congress’ constitutional authority “to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the indian tribes.”see morecommunications & technology3 updateselectronic communications, both interstate and foreign, including voice, video, audio and data, whether transmitted by wire or wirelessly, and whether transmitted by telecommunications, commercial or private mobile service, broadcast, cable, satellite, microwave, or other mode; technology generally; emergency and public safety communications; cybersecurity, privacy, and data security; the federal communications commission, the national telecommunications and information administration, the office of emergency communications in the department of homeland security; and all aspects of the above-referenced jurisdiction related to the department of homeland security.see moreenergy3 updatesnational energy policy, energy infrastructure and security, energy related agencies and commissions, all laws, programs, and government activities affecting energy matters. national energy policy focuses on fossil energy; renewable energy; nuclear energy; energy conservation, utility issues, including but not limited to interstate energy compacts; energy generation, marketing, reliability, transmission, siting, exploration, production, efficiency, cybersecurity, and ratemaking for all generated power. energy infrastructure and security focuses on pipelines, the strategic petroleum reserve, nuclear facilities, and cybersecurity for our nation’s grid. our jurisdiction also includes all aspects of the above-referenced jurisdiction related to the department of homeland security. agencies and commissions in our jurisdiction include: the us department of energy, the nuclear regulatory commission;  and the federal energy regulatory commission.see moreview all subcommitteesrecent lettersjan 6, 2025press releasechairman guthrie and chairman latta question energy department’s involvement in biden-harris offshore drilling banwashington, d.c.  – yesterday, congressman brett guthrie (ky-02), chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce, along with congressman bob latta (oh-05), chairman of the subcommittee on energy, penned a letter to secretary jennifer granholm questioning the department of energy’s involvement in the biden-harris administration’s decision to prevent new offshore oil and gas production, leading to higher prices for consumers and harming u.s. energy security. key letter excerpt: “closing off swaths of u.s. offshore areas to energy production, as the biden-harris administration reportedly intends to do, will lead to higher energy prices for american families, the loss of american jobs, and greatly diminish our country’s energy security. as the secretary of energy, you have an obligation to weigh in on this matter and insist on a full review of the energy security and economic impacts before any decisions are finalized. “the united states stands at an energy crossroads, facing mounting global security threats and soaring demand for power. instead of leading the world in energy production, we’ve allowed misguided “green” policies to hamstring our potential. it’s time to unleash american energy dominance again—the federal government must become an ally, not an obstacle, to our nation’s energy security. we look forward to your prompt response to this request, no later than january 10, 2025.” read the story  here . background: this morning, the biden administration announced that more than 625 million square miles of coastline would be off-limits for energy production. republican members of the house committee on energy and commerce have continuously called on the biden-harris administration to end its attack on american energy production before leaving office on january 20th. the letter requests an explanation of the doe’s involvement in the decision and whether the white house or the department of interior consulted with the doe about the plans to close off access to offshore resources. any decision to shut down access to significant american energy resources impacts u.s. energy policy and should be reviewed by the doe. the biden administration’s energy policies have continued to create major harm to america’s energy production and workforce. a unilateral ban on energy production in large swaths of the u.s. coastline will have lasting impacts on american energy production and security.see moredec 19, 2024press releasee&c republicans request hhs watchdog investigate promotion of gender transition procedures for childrenwashington, d.c. — in a new letter to department of health and human services (hhs) inspector general christi grimm, house energy and commerce committee republicans requested an investigation into the strength, quality, and types of evidence-based scientific and pediatric medical literature relied on by the department to promote gender transition procedures for children.  key letter excerpt:  “as the agency responsible for safeguarding the health and well-being of americans, all of hhs’s medical treatment recommendations, especially medical treatment recommendations for children, should be based on rigorous and well-established research, such as randomized controlled trials, that have definitively illustrated the long-term benefits of gender affirming care treatments.”  background:  under the biden administration, hhs has advocated for sex reassignment procedures on minors, including the use of serum puberty blockers, which have historically been used to treat children with precocious puberty (i.e., early onset puberty affecting about one percent of u.s. children) and sex offenders.   puberty blockers, however, are known to stunt normal childhood development in children unaffected by precocious puberty.  hhs officials contend that sex reassignment procedures on minors are an unanimously accepted medical practice.  hhs secretary becerra testified before congress that “every major medical association,” “medical journals,” and “scientific and medical evidence” has demonstrated the benefits of transitioning children’s biological sex.  when asked, via a freedom of information act request, for the underlying scientific or medical basis for its position, hhs was only able to produce a two-page brochure that was already publicly available.  in contrast to hhs, a growing body of literature from medical experts and authorities around the world, including those in europe, caution against performing such procedures on minors.   courts and government health agencies responsible for determining child welfare have sought to limit child sex reassignment procedures.   other countries have banned these interventions and surgeries on minors altogether.  an article published in the british journal of medicine found “there is great uncertainty about the effects of puberty blockers, cross-sex hormones, and surgeries in young people.”   a court in the united kingdom noted the obvious about administering puberty blocking chemicals onto children: “[i]t is highly unlikely that a child aged 13 or under would be competent to give consent to the administration of puberty blockers. it is doubtful that a child aged 14 or 15 could understand and weigh the long-term risks and consequences of the administration of puberty blockers.”  in april 2024, the cass review , an independent review of gender identity services for children and young people, commissioned by the national health service england, found “[w]hile a considerable amount of research has been published in this field, systematic evidence reviews demonstrated the poor quality of the published studies, meaning there is not a reliable evidence base upon which to make clinical decisions, or for children and their families to make informed choices.”   the cass review also found that “[t]he rationale for early puberty suppression remains unclear, with weak evidence regarding the impact on gender dysphoria, mental or psychosocial health,” as well as unknown effects on cognitive and psychosexual development.  in august 2024, the american society of plastic surgeons (asps) became the first major u.s. medical association to express caution on the use of gender surgery for gender dysphoria in adolescents. in its formal statement, the association stated: “asps currently understands that there is considerable uncertainty as to the long-term efficacy for the use of chest and genital surgical interventions for the treatment of adolescents with gender dysphoria, and the existing evidence base is viewed as low quality/low certainty. this patient population requires specific considerations.”   the letter was signed by committee chair cathy mcmorris rodgers (r-wa), subcommittee on health chair brett guthrie (r-ky), subcommittee on oversight and investigations chair morgan griffith (r-va), rep. dan crenshaw (r-tx), rep. gus bilirakis (r-fl), rep. buddy carter (r-ga), rep. gary palmer (r-al), rep. neal dunn (r-fl), rep. randy weber (r-tx), rep. troy balderson (r-oh), rep. august pfluger (r-tx), rep. diana harshbarger (r-tn), and rep. kat cammack (r-fl).  click here to read the letter.see morenov 22, 2024press releasee&c, e&w republicans press gladstone institutes for information regarding internal antisemitismhouse republicans scrutinize government grant funding recipients that fail to protect individuals from antisemitism washington, d.c. — in a new letter to j. david gladstone institutes president dr. deepak srivastava, the house committee on energy and commerce (e&c) and house committee on education and the workforce (e&w) have requested information about ongoing and pervasive acts of antisemitic harassment and intimidation at gladstone and its leadership’s insufficient response to these acts. the letter is signed by e&c chair cathy mcmorris rodgers (r-wa), e&c subcommittee on health chair brett guthrie (r-ky), e&c oversight and investigations subcommittee chair morgan griffith (r-va), e&w chair virginia foxx (r-nc), and e&w subcommittee on higher education and workforce development chair burgess owens (r-ut).  key letter excerpts: “the gladstone institutes, an independent biomedical research organization, claims that it takes an active stance against serious issues like discrimination and harassment and aims to ‘ensure all community members at gladstone feel included’ and that the institutes will aim to ‘implement accountability measures and reinforce gladstone’s commitment to having an environment free of harassment.’ however, these values do not seem to be reflected in the actions of leadership in response to recent concerns of antisemitic harassment and discrimination within the institutes.” [...] “the reports of antisemitic harassment at gladstone coupled with the inadequate response by leadership is concerning to the committees. failing to act decisively to ensure a safe environment for all trainees, faculty, and staff is a grave dereliction of your responsibilities as president of gladstone.” “failing to comply with basic safety protections for members of gladstone or failure to respond appropriately to and prevent harassment and discrimination, no matter the cause, may be grounds to withhold federal funds from the university. congress has an obligation to exercise oversight of recipients of federal funds when blatant and ongoing title vi violations appear to be happening. if congress determines an institution of higher education/research is blatantly ignoring its legal responsibilities, we may consider rescinding research and development funds previously appropriated.” background on taxpayer funding: gladstone received more than $41 million in funding from the nih in fiscal year 2023, not including potential taxpayer funding that individual faculty may have received through their affiliation with the university of california, san francisco (ucsf) or any other affiliated universities.   according to the nih’s grant policy statement, any institution receiving federal funds must assure work environments are free of discriminatory harassment and are safe and conducive to high-quality work.  institutions receiving federal taxpayer financial assistance—such as nih grants—are prohibited from discriminating based on a variety of categories, including national origin.   these laws also protect members of the institution who are or are perceived to be members of a group with shared ancestry, such as students/trainees of jewish heritage. background on instances of antisemitism : two days after the october 7, 2023, hamas terrorist attack, a graduate student working in a lab within gladstone sent an antisemitic email to all gladstone faculty, trainees, and staff falsely stating that the attack on innocent israeli civilians was “the resistance in gaza launch[ing] a surprise attack against israel, taking occupation soldiers hostage, taking over israeli military vehicles, and gain[ing] control over illegal israeli settlements.”  the email goes on to claim that all casualties resulting from palestinian actions are the responsibility of israel.  immediately following this mass email, members of the gladstone faculty began contacting the gladstone institutes’ president and other leadership, appalled by the language of the email, concerned for their safety and worried that the email could be seen as an incitement to violence.  jewish members of the institutes also expressed their deep, personal pain following the hamas attack, as some members had family or friends reported killed or missing directly after the attack.  these fears—including fears of being attacked in the lab by the author of this cruel and antagonistic email—were shared directly with president srivastava.  despite this, gladstone leadership did not issue a public statement or position against antisemitism to quell fears of jewish faculty and trainees.  in may 2024, the center for combatting antisemitism sent president srivastava a letter requesting administrative action to address the hostile environment and disparate treatment of jewish members at gladstone.  this letter noted that gladstone refused to acknowledge jewish american heritage month, passover, or holocaust remembrance day, despite sending official celebratory emails and holding events for other religious, ethnic, or national holidays, including black history month, international women’s day, and ramadan.  the center followed up with gladstone several times, but never received a response.  jewish faculty and trainees have conveyed to leadership within gladstone instances of antisemitic harassment and discrimination, which faculty and trainees believe were not taken seriously, making some feel uneasy about speaking out.  for example, per a publicly available fair employment and housing act complaint to the california civil rights division, a jewish faculty member openly discussed fellow faculty using racial stereotypes, including comments about a “jewish nose.”  when these comments were brought to human resources, no investigation occurred.  instead, the complainant was subsequently targeted with an investigation ultimately deemed to be unwarranted.  then, following the complainant’s post-october 7th advocacy on behalf of jewish faculty and trainees, the complainant was threatened repeatedly with career-ending termination, allegedly in an attempt to extort a resignation.  when the threats did not have their desired effect, gladstone placed the complainant on administrative leave and removed the complainant’s electronic access to email and files but also physical access to the complainant’s lab, removing all ability to conduct work on an nih-funded grant.  gladstone ultimately paid an undisclosed sum to settle the matter and avoid litigation.  to elevate concerns regarding widespread, ongoing discrimination, jewish faculty and trainees requested permission to bring in a speaker related to antisemitism.  other minority groups had previously been given permission to bring in similar anti-racism speakers.  however, while leadership stated it would look into the idea, ultimately no speaker was brought, and no program was launched regarding antisemitism. background on affiliations with other institutions under investigation : gladstone institutes is affiliated with other institutions under congressional investigation.  for example, gladstone is an affiliate of the ucsf, which is undergoing congressional investigation for reports of antisemitism within the university, medical school, and medical centers.  most of gladstone’s principal investigators are also faculty at ucsf, and the institutes provide research positions and opportunities for graduate students from ucsf.  moreover, there is a joint institute—the gladstone-ucsf institute of genomic immunology—further linking the two institutions.  gladstone is also affiliated with the university of california, berkeley and stanford university, both of which are also under investigation for concerns related to antisemitism. click here to read the full letter.see moreexplore committee letters committee on energy & commerceoffice2125 rayburn house office buildingwashington, d.c. 20515main: (202) 225-3641press: (202) 226-4972 minority websiteprivacyaccessibility