





dolphin dock charters - port aransas fishing - dolphin docks






























































skip to content 





 

menu 




menu 
home
the boats
trips

trip schedule
30 to 60 hour trips
statewater fishing
summer trips
winter trips
private charters
dolphin watching


catch galleries

2023 catches
2022 catches


contact us

testimonials


 






	dolphin dock charters – port aransas fishing


trip options private charters









dolphin dock inc. is your destination for the texas fishing trip of a lifetime.
dolphin dock fishing charters offers trips ranging from 4 to 30 hours to suit all ages and skill levels. we specialize in gulf fishing adventures, helping anglers catch everything from yellowfin tuna to mako sharks. our options include 4, 5, 8 and 12-hour shared charters, ideal for beginners and experts alike. we target larger species during the longer full-day trips.



for an extreme offshore experience, consider our safari trips where we spend two nights at sea fishing for dolphinfish, blackfin tuna, and wahoo. with decades of local knowledge and expertise, our captains work diligently to create the perfect fishing trip for any group or family. contact us today to start planning your next memorable fishing adventure out of port aransas, texas. accommodation suggestions are available upon request.
port aransas: a fisherman’s paradise
since spanish explorer alonzo álvarez de pineda first discovered this barrier island in 1519, port aransas has drawn seafaring folk with its bountiful waters and legendary tales. this town boasts a rich nautical history, from its days ferrying steamships to new orleans in the 1800s to former president franklin d. roosevelt reeling in trophy catches in the 1930s.
today, port aransas remains a premiere saltwater fishing destination catering to every angler’s dream catch. its array of habitats – from grassy flats to gulf canyons – offers endless opportunities. inshore enthusiasts can target redfish, black drum, or speckled trout. surf and pier devotees can expect pompano, whiting, or feisty bluefish. nearshore wrecks and reefs produce grouper, snapper, and more offshore favorites.
56-hour dolphin express
and for hardcore sport fishermen, the open ocean promises elite pelagics like tuna, sailfish, and swordfish found around rigs and ledges. with this remarkable diversity and history as rich as port aransas itself, it’s no wonder anglers have flocked here for centuries. if spectacular fishing in a legendary setting sounds appealing, this texas town delivers an adventure that spans from the age of conquistadors to the modern mariner.








live videos


live webcam of the front view



live webcam on the west dock



live webcam on the east dock
larger views
reviews 



great place to get a fishing trip together with friends. even going alone would be fun if you enjoy fishing.  the crew were awesome,  friendly and "get it"... read more when it comes to helping everyone on board.  you can tell they've done it a thousand times and understand what needs to be done. what helps?! passenger's....you need to be ready for the ocean. there's gonna be waves, chop, rocking, swaying...you name it. prepare yourself with dramamine or whatever before you get on board. our trip had 12 people laid out in the cabin, never touched a fishing pole. do your research and be ready for open ocean. can't wait to go again, you guys rock! 
  xlr8ter4 






lots of fun!! had a great day with family				
  meredith williams 






what a great day of fishing. we chartered a boat for 15 and it was really affordable. we caught fish right away and the first mate and captain knew what... read more they were doing! great fun for everyone & lifelong memories! 
  bruce rowley 






great four hour trip with my dad and brother. i think almost everyone that didn't get sick caught about a two to three foot shark and some kingfish as well... read more as some red snapper. 
  nicholas munoz 



more reviews
 




	recent fishing trip reviews

 



i just got back from doing my last 2023 fishing trip from the dolphin docks. i may say these guys surely don't disappoint at all. this time was the 1st... read more time i got on the flipper w capt clay & his mate hue. it was somewhat rough, but this crew was awesome and took us to a great spot. i got a big surprise on this trip and got back to shore with a beautiful bull red. just look at the golden color it has.  awesome job, captain clay & hue!!! i shall return. 
   jose g. perez 




great time on a 36 hour trip a year ago				
  gary horton 




great staff and crew				
  klein appliance repair 




me and my son went on the captain paul and enjoyed it a lot. caught sand trout and undersized red snapper. returned to water. definitely going again				
  dee bland 






this is our second 36 hour trip with la pesca this year. both times were a blast! the captains are friendly and knowledgeable, if you aren’t catching they move to... read more where they are. we’ve never went away empty handed! the deck hands are also quick and ready to help as well. i recommend using dolphin docks for any of your fishing trips! 
   keisha hopkins 




always have a good experience here rain or shine. this time was able to bring my kids out.				
   shovelheadted ! 




great crew. they are very helpful and will take care of anyone regardless of their skill level fishing deep sea.				
  travis lovell 




dolphin express best tuna trip in the gulf				
   bob d 






excellent.. crew is amazing				
  alex navarrete 




booked a 4hr. staff was excellent and helpful. the boat was a great experience.				
   amanda wong 




great folks at reasonable prices. will definitely be coming back next trip. we took a 4 hr trip and had a blast.				
  candy ettinger 




had fun it was a little rough but i enjoyed it.				
   anthony cryer 






great time fishing. capt. and deck hands were top notch				
  russell moore 




this is the second trip my granddaughter and i have chartered with this group, and i highly recommend taking a fishing trip with them. their crews work hard to get... read more you on fish and to keep you fishing. the first trip we limited out on snapper, on the second trip we limited out on shark, and a had a few other fish as well... at the end of the trip the crew will pass a bucket for tips. on other outfitters i have tipped 20% of the cost of the trip. it's not required but i highly recommend that you budget for it. the crew works very hard and i would say they deserve it. 
   gabriel rivera 




i had a great time i took the 8hr trip i caught 4 fish wod definitely recommend				
  charles dorsey 




best deep sea fishing god service there is i promise you won't regret going fishing with those guys				
   eddie clinton 









contact us dolphin dock inc. deep sea fishing
300 w cotter ave
port aransas, texas 78373
(361) 749-4188
or 1-800-eye–fish
port aransas fishing trips

 

helpful links 
national data buoy center
texas fishing
marine forecast
american cab company from cc jeff 361-563-2294
facebook
twitter
viewbug


 

see what our customers say 
read our verified google reviews
yelp
trip advisor
bbb reviews
leave us a google review


 






© 2025 dolphin dock, inc. | texas web designers
dolphin dock, inc., the owner of the dolphin dock website is an advertiser only. it does not own or operate any boats or facilities shown on the website. furthermore, dolphin dock, inc., is not a part of, nor has ownership in any of the hotels, motels, lure and tackle companies, or other advertisers featured on this website. dolphin dock, inc. only provides information, web links, and advertisements to those companies.




















