


smart.
























    
	smart.
	
  
one day i will run a trashy tabloid.  until then, this will have to suffice.







tuesday, june 12, 2007



	 
	 it's up!
	 
    


      it's not completely finished, but it's up! i'll be posting from the new site from now on! change your bookmarks, links, etc. 


click here!

thanks everyone!
      


posted by rosie @ 6/12/2007 11:15:00 pm  
    	
         3 comments






monday, june 12, 2006



	 
	 linkage!
	 
    



toni braxton makes soccer interesting [velvet hot tub]

who the hell is charlie sheen banging now? [i'm not obessed]

who's in the hollywood bubble? [hollyscoop]

mel gibson hates having britney as a neighbor [icydk]

uma thurman’s age won’t stop her [derek hail]

ryan phillipe takes ava and deacon out [bricks and stones]

jessica simpson and jared leto? wtf? [hot momma drama]

thanks to vera at i'm not obsessed for leading me to frugal fashionista! a breakdown of the outfits of the stars.
      


posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 04:23:00 pm  
    	
         0 comments









	 
	 denise richards is one scary pussycat doll
	 
    







denise richards was in las vegas friday night prancing around with those saucy "pussycat dolls" -- and et's jann carl was with her for a revealing new interview, airing on tonight's et!

she said "i was always a people pleaser and i just finally got to the point in my life after having my daughters and going through a really ugly divorce ... i've just gotten to the point where life is so short and i just want to be happy."

following her new mantra, denise was happy to play mc for the sizzling dance troupe as they celebrated the pussycat dolls lounge's one-year anniversary at caesars palace, with resident record-spinner dj am providing the musical sound at pure nightclub.

"it's fantasy, it's costumes, it's fun. i'm excited," she said before the show.

the gorgeous actress has been under more than her fair share of the media glare this year, first due to her divorce proceedings with charlie sheen, and most recently due to her reported romance with rocker richie sambora -- who split earlier this year from denise's former friend heather locklear.

denise says that her new relationship was the "last thing i was looking for," adding, "it's true when they say things happen when you least expect it."

she confesses that dealing with the rumors hasn't been easy, "the thing with heather, that's been hard ... you know you can't help who you fall for and that friendship, unfortunately, was done and wasn't salvageable."

she says, "people have gone on ... would you date your best friend ['s husband]? you know she wasn't my best friend. she was a close friend in the last couple of years -- i hadn't known her my whole life [like] people [are] portraying this."

she finishes, "[it's] been tough having people think that i'm such a crappy friend -- because if we were friends i wouldn't be in this situation."

on rumors that she and richie got together before their respective marriages were kaput, denise says, "i get why people have been hurt in this situation -- you know, it's not good but it is what it is." but she stresses that both her and richie's former relationships were over before they got together: "we didn't meddle in marriages and anything like that."

as for her marriage to charlie, denise originally filed for divorce on march 2, 2005, but the two reconciled for a short time later in the year. last january, they decided to continue with divorce plans.

just last week, the court extended a restraining order denise filed against charlie back in april, which included numerous allegations against him.

charlie has called her claims a "heinous document of fiction," but for now, the actor must stay 300 yards away from denise and their two daughters, sam and lola, except during supervised visits with the children.

regarding the allegations made in court papers, denise says, "unfortunately the thing with charlie and i -- that was a court document that became public. i didn't hand it to a tabloid and say, 'here, print this.' and it's sad, and it's horrible that it's gotten to the point that it's gotten to."

denise says that she's just taking it one day at a time these days, and that "between getting a divorce and all the tabloid stuff and now my mom being ill, it's just too much -- so i'm just enjoying the moment, enjoying what's great in life."

she did say that she was happy for brad pitt and angelina jolie when they had their daughter shiloh, but for a unique reason, "i was so thankful that angelina had that baby... i'm like, 'please have that baby so it takes [the focus] away from us!'" [et]
      


posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 12:11:00 pm  
    	
         7 comments









	 
	 matt damon's a dad!
	 
    


matt damon and his wife, luciana, have welcomed a baby girl named isabella, people has learned exclusively.

"the baby is here. isabella arrived yesterday," damon's brother kyle told people on monday.

"mother and isabella are doing fine," damon's rep jennifer allen, confirmed to people. "the family is very happy and everyone's healthy."

this is the first child for the couple. luciana also has a daughter, alexia, from a previous marriage.

"he's a terrific uncle and he's going to be a wonderful father," kyle said of his brother, matt. "thankfully, lucy has some experience, so that will help. alexia is a terrific girl. they're all really close, they'll be an intimate family." [people]
      


posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 12:05:00 pm  
    	
         4 comments









	 
	 jojo films her new video
	 
    







from here



posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 12:01:00 pm  
    	
         1 comments









	 
	 beyonce wants you
	 
    






grammy awards winner and destiny's child beyonce knowles is currently looking for an all girl band for her tour in support of her "b'day" album due to be released on the 4th of september.
  
knowles is looking for drummers, keyboard players, bassists, guitarists, horn players and percussionists who must be 18 years or older and can play "work it out" as performed on her "beyonce: live at wembley" dvd.
 
local auditions will be held in atlanta, georgia, chicago, illinois, houston, texas, burbank, california, and weehawken, new jersey on monday. then finalists will travel to new york and audition for her and start work by the 20th of june. [short news]
      


posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 11:55:00 am  
    	
         1 comments









	 
	 brit and k.fed together
	 
    






pop diva britney spears decided to tell the world how lovely her life really is. the star sat down and opened her heat during an interview with nbc's matt lauer.

spears confessed she is still very much in love with her husband, kevin federline and all the rumors media sparked about a possible break-up are completely untrue.

the star described her marriage with the controversial dancer as "awesome," despite the fact that she called herself "an emotional wreck right now."

britney also defended her parenting skills and commented on pictures taken of her driving with her baby on her lap

"i can't go anywhere without someone judging me... i did it with my dad. i'd sit on his lap and i drive. we're country," spears said. "i know i'm a good mom," she added. [sn]

pics



posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 11:50:00 am  
    	
         4 comments









	 
	 hil d. says her music and movies aren't for old people
	 
    






think hilary duff's just a goodie-two-shoes for the tween set? she ditches that too-sweet side in the new issue of elle, taking on her critics in a cover story for the magazine's july issue. asked about the fluffy nature of most of her films, she responds, "um, are you saying my movies are crap?" even if elle doesn't, there's no denying the critics' response — after all, the new york times' stephen holden called her "talent-challenged." "he doesn't really fit the demographic," duff replied.

 "so i could really care less. look at me, and look at where he is — sorry! would he prefer that i take some super-adult role that is inappropriate so i would have no place to grow? ... suppose the next thing i did was this super-edgy independent movie where i was pregnant or shooting up. what would that do to my fan base?" 

she also has no love for the music critics and radio programmers who dismiss her pop music. "i feel like i do so much," she tells the mag. "and it strikes me that i don't hear myself on the radio. that critics don't really talk about my music. i mean, a song like 'wake up' is not for a 50-year-old man with arthritis who doesn't want to get out of bed" [mtv]
      


posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 11:45:00 am  
    	
         4 comments









	 
	 maggie g. in nyc
	 
    










posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 11:37:00 am  
    	
         0 comments









	 
	 zahara and maddox hang out at their new house
	 
    











angelina jolie has recorded a television message for world refugee day, said the united nations refugee agency, quoted by news.ninemsn.com.au.

the appeal was recorded by jolie, goodwill ambassador for the un high commissioner for refugees in april in namibia, before her daughter with brad pitt, shiloh, was born on may 27.

"i'm angelina jolie. for the millions of displaced persons around the world, please help keep their hope alive and remember world refugee day," the american actress, sporting a tank-top and light-brown headscarf, says in a brief message.

the news.ninemsn.com.au also notes that since joining unhcr in early 2001, jolie has traveled to some 20 countries, drawing attention to refugees' plight in hotspots from cambodia to kosovo and sudan's darfur region. [moldova]

pics, thanks to a reader for the tip!



posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 10:36:00 am  
    	
         2 comments









	 
	 jen and vince at the french open
	 
    







after months spent denying they were in a relationship while promoting a film about a break-up, jennifer aniston and vince vaughn were finally pictured together yesterday.

the celebrity couple were photographed in paris while they watched spain's rafael nadal blast his way to

a four-set victory over swiss roger federer during the final of the french tennis open. but it was a different story last week when the pair, who co-star in the break-up, flew into sydney for the film's premiere.

both actors went to great lengths to avoid being seen together.

they maintained separate schedules in sydney, timing their red carpet appearances to ensure they were not photographed as a couple. [daily telegraph]
      


posted by rosie @ 6/12/2006 10:27:00 am  
    	
         6 comments






saturday, june 10, 2006



	 
	 this could be it!
	 
    


      hopefully by monday i will have rosie-demario.com up and fully running. if you have it bookmarked, you will see a coming soon page for the next couple of days while i get everything set up. 

this is going to be such a pain, but hopefully worth it! updating will probably be light this weekend as i try to master html. yikes.
      


posted by rosie @ 6/10/2006 08:25:00 am  
    	
         4 comments






friday, june 09, 2006



	 
	 denise and richie engaged? she's totally pregnant if so.
	 
    


denise richards arrived at lax yesterday sporting a ring on her left ring finger, leaving everyone wondering if she and her boyfriend, richie sambora, are engaged.

richards, who is in the middle of a bitter divorce from charlie sheen, flew in from france after spending time with sambora while he's on tour with bon jovi. sambora is also in the middle of divorce from heather locklear - richards'  former best friend.don't get too excited, however, sources tell tmz she is not engaged.  but this could possibly be a foreshadowing of what's to come once all the divorces are finalized.... only time will tell.

richards flew back to the states to perform with the pussycat dolls in vegas tonight.

denise's rep declined comment. [tmz]
      


posted by rosie @ 6/09/2006 05:21:00 pm  
    	
         14 comments









	 
	 brangelina bodyguard in trouble?
	 
    


hollywood couple angelina jolie and brad pitt's chief bodyguard, irish-born mickey brett, faces legal action in namibia, where they had their first child, on charges of assaulting a restaurant owner.

according to accuser theuns duvenhage's lawyer, piet burger, brett will be summoned before a namibian court for allegedly beating up duvenhage and damaging his eye.

afp report that in his complaint, duvenhage says he was shooed off from an area where the hollywood stars were present by the bodyguards but admitted making an "offending sign" before driving off.

duvenhage, who is claiming 60,000 namibian dollars (8,912 dollars/ 7,057 euros) in damages, says brett gave chase, forced his car off the road and then hit, kicked and punched him.

meanwhile, jolie and pitt became the parents of their first biological child, shiloh nouvel jolie-pitt, on may 27 in namibia, where the alleged high-handed behavior of their bodyguards has been the subject of considerable controversy. [ahn]
      


posted by rosie @ 6/09/2006 03:25:00 pm  
    	
         1 comments









	 
	 friday night linkage!
	 
    




brittany murphy has something in her eye. and up her butt. [icydk]

madonna ends relationship with britney spears [derek hail]

geri h. out with bluebell [hot momma drama]

kristin cavallari (do'in it paris hilton style) with brody at the beach [bricks and stones]

ashley olsen is mad at the world  i would be mad at the world too if i were a multi-millionaire by the time i was 8. [hollyscoop]

nicole richie likes sloppy (and diseased) seconds [i'm not obsessed]

the rock varnishes his forehead?!?!? [velvet hot tub]
      


posted by rosie @ 6/09/2006 02:27:00 pm  
    	
         1 comments









	 
	 leonardo dicaprio at the french open with his mom and grandma
	 
    









posted by rosie @ 6/09/2006 07:44:00 am  
    	
         1 comments















about me

name:  rosie 

the blog has moved!
view my complete profile

    
        

send in your tips, celebrity sightings and photos to linnea238@gmail.com!






crispads blog ads






































 my blog is worth $2,822.70.how much is your blog worth?
the in crowd

my other blog
oh no they didn't
a socialite's life
radar magazine -the wire
huffington post
pink is the new blog
you think you know...
perez hilton
glitterati
conversations about famous people
dlisted
celebrity baby blog
if flats come back in, we’re screwed
thrifty boutique gossip
nosy snoop
hot online news
in case you didn't know
i'm not obsessed
bricks and stones
hot momma drama
velvet hot tub
hollyscoop
young, black and fabulous
celebrity rant
blog.absolutely
too curious
ibloid
ragzines
celeb pics
make us hot
derek hail
gossipando
fat back and collards
bay area kicks
style dose
style dose blog


boards i'm a member of (and where most my pics come from):
jjb
the real oc: laguna beach

read it




so yesterday

it's up!
linkage!
denise richards is one scary pussycat doll
matt damon's a dad!
jojo films her new video
beyonce wants you
brit and k.fed together
hil d. says her music and movies aren't for old pe...
maggie g. in nyc
zahara and maddox hang out at their new house


old school

200505
200506
200507
200508
200509
200510
200511
200512
200601
200602
200603
200604
200605
200606
200706


  





my google page rank





 



free hit counter














