

www.neitherland.com - welcome to the neitherland: gothic, industrial, vampire, fetish clubs, events, cemeteries, trips lifestyle













 




 










   dark shopping
personal
library
ethereal journeys
gothic crafts
community/e-lists
consumption of food 
image gallery
candy
toys

links


help/site map
music
clubs
calendar

        contact me 
home
 




 




        in darkness and glitter, (formerly) the life of a new jersey fanged pixie.
 
march 2012: very little eq2 (unrest server), never have time for  hello kitty online mmo, bought but avoiding swtor, tiny bit of wii or ps3 here & there, only 2 facebook games i could live without, still collecting a few finer fashion dolls and addicted to evangeline ghastly, and still working on decluttering my life & house to work on fashion doll clothes & crafts, planned for etsy or ebay.

now watching:  once upon a time, ricky gervais anything, archer, bob's burgers, grimm, parks & rec, game of thrones,  modern family,  true blood, big bang theory, merlin, being human (bbc & us), vampire diaries, lost girl, ru paul's drag race,  boardwalk empire, eureka, dr. who,  always sunny in philadelphia,  bored to death, mad men, cupcake wars, face off, oddities, frankenhole, aots, real time, daily show, colbert report, and for background tv when gaming a mix of historical, tech & decorating. 

      if you find broken links, pop them in archive.org to see what they were!.
i'm not doing a big overhaul of this site, but i would like to start working on the video game & maybe a few other sections again and tidying up innapropriate and outgrown things, & update movies & books & items to link to amazon. 
i remembered today that all of my links open in the same window, back in the day (way before tabs) opening a lot of browser windows was very irritating and difficult to manage so i purposely did it. now i find that  you will lose your original site if you just keep clicking in the same window, so i may go through all links to fix that, for now you can hold ctl while you click to open links in a new window.
video 
        games. from a femme gamer

my ebay autions: pixie_auctions
my amazon 
        shop: books, music, dvds, magazines, toys, vid games.
 
get 
        a paypal business merchant account


















 

 


 







 
 


 
 


 
this site hosted perfectly and inexpensively by dreamhost since 2001.
      



the neitherland and all contents are copyright 
          © 1999-2011 debbie gloom. all rights reserved. 
          you steal and i send the faerie mafia after your butt. i 
            or this web site am not associated or affiliated in any way shape or form 
            with the country of the netherlands. 
            i live in new jersey. i mean, come on, do you really think the country 
            of netherlands has a dumb boys section on it's home page?

 





