

lucky mojo: hoodoo, magic, mojo hands, occult shop, sacred sex, amulets, 
	books, spells, information on magick
















































lucky mojo

























		lucky mojo curio company

		shop now for our most popular spiritual supplies







• herbs



		          • oils



		          • incense





• candles



		          • baths



		          • powders





• perfumes



          • amulets



		          • mojo hands





• floor washes



		          • spell kits



		          • books on magic





• divination tools



		          • readings by cat



		          • candle ministry

































the lucky mojo curio co. occult shop:
		we manufacture hoodoo oils, incense, powders, spell kits, candles.
		and herbs, and carry thousands of occult books, amulets, and altar tools. 
		shop by 
department or at our text-only
		
complete retail inventory. we also sell wholesale.
		












the lucky mojo online forum:
		lucky mojo curio co. is proud to host a free informative product forum. 
		ask questions about how to use our hand-made hoodoo supplies, get spell help,  
		and say hello to fellow and conjure practitioners.
		






















herb magic: how to use magical herbs: 
		we carry hundreds of herbs, roots, and minerals for making hoodoo supplies, 
		and casting spells for love, luck, money, health, protection, and success,
		check our 
		alphabetical list of magical herbs and free
		spell-crafting tips. 
		 
		











lucky mojo curio co. on youtube: 
		we upload video podcasts every day to teach you folk
		magic, spell-casting, hoodoo, conjure, witchcraft, rootwork,
		herb lore, scrying, psychic reading, fortune telling,
		mediumship, metaphysics, and spirituality. like, subscribe, and comment.
		























candle ministry altar services: 
		we dress candles with herbs and oils, affix your petitions,
		pray, light, and tend them, and email you a
		report from missionary
		independent spiritual church. get a single light or 
        a run of 3, 7, or 13 for a discount. discretion assured. 
		












lucky mojo curio co. on facebook: 
		like us on facebook for the latest news
		and updates about our world-famous hoodoo supplies and spiritual goods, 
		plus you can enter our facebook fridays! 
		random drawings to win free metaphysical books and occult goods,
		
























hoodoo in theory and practice: 
		cat yronwode's free online book of conjure craft:
		how to make mojo bags; lay tricks; draw luck, love,
		and money; burn candles and incense; take off
		crossed conditions; and use baths, washes, oils,
		powders, herbs, and roots.
		








		lucky mojo curio co. on instagram: 
		we post photos and text to instagram daily, with
		lucky mojo shop and garden images, web page and you
		tube announcements, cat photos, uplifting memes, and
		links to weekly product and psychic reading 
		giveaways.
		























hoodoo and blues lyrics online archive: 
		cat yronwode's annotated compilation of lyrics for 
		african-american rural blues songs that mention hoodoo, conjure, mojo hands, 
		goofer dust, hot foot powder, and other aspects of rootwork, supported by patreon donations. 

		











the lucky mojo publishing co.: 
		we have released dozens of 
		inexpensive and practical books on african american hoodoo, 
		world-wide folk magic, spell-casting, herbal medicine, and fortune-telling. 
		we sell our books both retail
		and wholesale.
		
























the lucky w amulet archive: 
		cat yronwode's collection of good luck artifacts: the web's largest illustrated 
		archive of folkloric amulets, talismans,  
		charms, religious icons, and magical stuff from many cultures and every era, supported by patreon donations. 

		











lucky mojo free magic spells archive: 
		love spells, money spells, protection spells, revenge spells, healing spells, 
		and formula recipes contributed by hundreds of 
		usenet authors from a variety of magical traditions, including hoodoo, 
		conjure, rootwork, and witchcraft.
		
























hoodoo correspondence course: 
		sign up for cat yronwode's 52-week course in spells, 
		folklore, and true tales of conjure. ideal for professional readers and rootworkers. 
		$104.00 for the 432-page hardcover book; a private student forum is included. 
		












the lmc radio network archive: 
		radio shows sponsored by lucky mojo, featuring
		news, information, entertainment, and education for all!
		free readings, hoodoo spells, religion, folk magic, spirituality, special guests, 
		and current events; it's in the vanguard!
		






















		southern spirits: the history of hoodoo: 
		cat yronwode's annotated collection of rare 19th and 20th century writings on 
		african american conjure, documented through 
		slave narratives, interviews, and contemporary newspaper accounts, 
		supported by patreon donations. 
		










hoodoo at a glance: 
		herbs, natural curios, and hoodoo spiritual supplies
		grouped by use or purpose -- a handy condition-oriented
		look-up page for magical ingredients and common substitutes which may be purchased
		at the lucky mojo or herb magic sites.
		






















airr: readers and rootworkers: 
		a non-profit membership organization of accredited professional spiritual 
		practitioners, readers, diviners, rootworkers, hoodoo doctors, and conjures
		offering free information and service referrals to the public.  
		









missionary independent: 
		missionary independent spiritual church is 
the world's smallest church and 
		
interfaith candle ministry: 
		
divinatory reading services offered daily by affiliated practitioners,
		located in forestville, california.
		






















hoodoo psychics --  
		call 1-888-4-hoodoo: 
		get an instant reading with a hoodoo psychic by telephone.

follow hoodoo psychics on facebook 
		for free magic mondays reading giveaways and to see who is online now. 
		all calls are $3.99 per minute by pre-authorized credit card.
		









aisc: independent spiritual churches 
		a confederation of independent inter-denominational spiritual,
		spiritualist, spiritist, and new thought churches, known as "the small church
		denomination," due to the diminutive size of many of its
		ecclesiastical structures.
		






















		the mystic tea room: tea leaf reading: 
		cat yronwode's celebration of the material culture of tasseomancy, tasseography, 
		and telling fortunes by tea leaves, featuring a 
		
museum of fortune telling tea cups and  tea room culture,  
		supported by patreon donations. 
		









crystal silence league: online prayers
		dedicants of the league send out affirmative prayer and helpful thoughts of joy,
		health, strength, love, success, and protection in response to
		
prayer requests from those in need, and receive the spiritual fruits of mutual support.
		






















		porcelain madness: restaurantware: 
		this site, a decorative annex to 
		the mystic tea room,
		showcases top-marked restaurant
		chinaware from 1900 through the 1960s. some 
		pieces are displayed as is if an art museum, others form a
		sequence of cozy photos featuring plated food. 
		








		your wate and fate: fortune telling: 
		cat yronwode's collection of popular fortune 
		telling: astrology, floriography, kinesiology, 
		birthstones, cartomancy, crystal gazing, numerology, 
		dice, dominoes, wheels, and spinners, 
		supported by patreon donations. 
		























video workshops: learn magic:
		take classes and watch hands-on demonstrations in 
		folk magic with the best teachers in 
		the nation. learn practical spells and take your conjure work to a new 
		level of confidence and knowledge! $25.00 per video class. 
		











the hoodoo heritage festival: 
		an annual program of affordable seminars and practical workshops led by nationally-known teachers of 
		rootwork, divination, folk-magic, and spell-casting, sponsored by 
		the association of independent spiritual churches
. 
		






















the arcane archive: occult magic: 
		nagasiva yronwode's collection of archived internet files 
		written by a wide assortment of authors 
		on a broad variety of occult, spiritual, mystical, and magical topics. the 
		material is organized in directory format for ease of reading.
		









y.i.p.p.i.e. -- the yronwode institution:
		the yronwode institution for the
		preservation and popularization of indigenous ethnomagicology 
		is a 501(c)3 non-profit membership organization for the study of folk-magic. 
		this site is supported by patreon donations. 
		
























hoodoo herb and root magic preview: 
		excerpts from the only book of its kind: catherine yronwode's materia magica of african-
		american conjure, and traditional formulary, giving the spiritual 
		uses of natural herbs, roots, minerals, and zoological curios. 
		












the lucky mojo email newsletter: 
		subscribe to our free monthly mailing list and get great articles on how
		to use spiritual supplies, links to free spells, hoodoo supplies, news on upcoming 
		misc rootwork workshops, and new discount coupons every month! 
		
























the mojo car: a california art car: 
		an art car with a lucky and religious theme, california mojo car is a
		moving altar replete with plastic jesus, menorah, virgin of guadalupe, 7
		lucky buddhas, kali, godzilla, and, of course, pikachu.
		











freemasonry for women: co-masonry: 
		masonry is not a global world conspiracy and it is not for men only.
		something you may not have known about the craft is herein explained
		in this illustrated essay by catherine yronwode.
		
























sacred sex and spiritual sexuality: 
		illustrated essays by catherine yronwode and others on the subject of
		karezza, neo-tantra, and sacred sexuality. dedicated to my lord of cars
		-- and home to the popular and sex-positive
		alt.sex faq.
		











sacred landscape, sacred geometry: 
		essays by catherine yronwode and others on sacred geometry, sacred
		architecture, sacred landscape design, and wingnuts who build temples in
		their own back yards; includes a lengthy bibliography.
		






















alt.sex faq sexual questions answered: 
		the most-often-accessed sex-education document on the net, the 
		alt.sex faq contains answers to frequently asked questions about 
		sexuality, sexual techniques, birth control,
		and sexually transmitted diseases.
		










aleister crowley text archive: 
		a multitude of texts by aleister crowley, a prolific 20th century author of 
		books on astrology, magick, religion, and the tarot; former head of 
		ordo templi orientis; and co-founder of astrum argenteum.
		























lucky mojo usenet faqs and refs: 
		here you will find the official -- and unofficial -- faqs (frequently asked/answered 
		questions) and refs (reference files) for dozens of occult, mystical, 
		and magical usenet newsgroups.
		








fit to print by cat yronwode: 
		a selection from cat yronwode's weekly columns for the comics buyer's guide, 
		consisting of reviews, old news, and glimpses of life in the comic book
		industry.
		





















the spirit checklist by cat yronwode: 
		from 1940 through 1952 the comic book writer and artist will eisner produced a 
		remarkable weekly series called the spirit; cat yronwode provides a
		checklist to all 645 story titles and their many reprintings.
		









the lesser book of the vishanti : 
		in 1963 the comic book writer and artist steve ditko created an 
		occult series called dr. strange for marvel comics; cat yronwode provides a
		companion to the series, indexing its spells, artifacts, and deities.
		























the eclipse comics index:  a complete index to the
		comics,
		trading cards, and
		graphic albums
		published by eclipse comics, plus an online source for back issues and subscriptions
		to the full line of
		claypool comics.
		










earhead!'s syd barrett lyrics site: 
		the lyrics of syd barrett, founder of the pink floyd sound, collected and transcribed 
		by earhead!, with a generous selection of stories 
		about the songs, plus tales of how both mr. barrett and the band got their names.
		






















catherine yronwode: 
		i am an adult female human being living in northern california. most things in the world 
		interest me. some of my personal history and opinions can
		be found here. read about me here, then follow me on 
		facebook
		or instagram.
		










nagasiva yronwode: 
		tyaginator, nigris (333), haramullah, hara, noctifer, boboroshi, nagasiva, xi wang mu, 
		lorax666 of the evul wikkhunz, morfmouth, ny'rl'thot'p,
		frater (i) nigris (666) 333, elvenmage, phaedrus7, troll towelhead, !
		






















jackie payne: shades of blues: 
		the web site of jackie payne, a san francisco bay area blues singer. 
		contains a complete illustrated discography and continually updated 
		appearance schedule for jackie and his band.
		










liselotte erlanger glozer archive: 
		the web site of lilo glozer and home to her essays and illustrated articles on 
		collectible vintage postcards of the early 20th century, including 
		beethoven, opera, fabric, and charles weidner cards.
		




































		search all lucky mojo and affiliated sites!
		you can search our sites for a single word (like
		archaeoastronomy, hoodoo, conjure, or clitoris),
		an exact phrase contained within quote marks (like
		"love spells", "spiritual supplies", "occult
		shop", "gambling luck", "lucky mojo bag", or "guardian angel"), or a
		name within quote marks (like "blind
		willie mctell", "black hawk", "hoyt's cologne", or "frank
		stokes"):








"everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects." 

-- will rogers

 "information alone does not change most peoples' behaviour."  
-- dr. ezekiel "zeke" j. emanuel 



here is higgins the dog, better known as benji the dog, who was trained by frank inn.




here is a mutant enderman from minecraft, portrayed by sam, in his mutant enderman minecraft costume. 
if you do not know what a mutant enderman is, that's okay. it's still a great mutant enderman costume.




here is feedback to google regarding a poorly conceived change in their search algorithm.




here's a letter to barack obama about photos of prisoner abuse 
and torture by u.s. military personnel.




here is a bullet-pointed outline i created for a you tube video by chase hughes that describes governmental psyops and 
media manipulation, with a few added notes of my own. 







		here is a list of:

all the urls in the lucky mojo domain.
		














copyright © 1994-2025 catherine yronwode. all rights reserved.
		send your comments to:
		
cat yronwode.
		












