




the cutting edge - spiritual insights into the new world order so startling you'll never look at the news the same way again.  















 







welcome to the cutting edge 

but 
                          none of the wicked shall understand [that the end of 
                          the age is upon them]." [daniel 12:10b]








what 
                          must i do to be saved?






donation 
                          appeal
thank you to our 
                          readers who keep this website free to everyone through 
                          your donations. please help if you are able. any amount 
                          is a blessing. we are almost completely dependent on 
                          your donations to keep this ministry going.


  
new films from mac dominick 
                          on dvd or flash drive
dynamic new 
                          dvd titles




new 
                                  dvd just released
deliver 
                                  us from evil
                                  part iv
                                  the forces of evil

                                  the apostle paul, under the inspiration of the 
                                  holy spirit, recorded the following words in 
                                  the book of ephesians chapter 6: 




"we wrestle not against flesh 
                          and blood, but against principalities, against powers 
                          against the rulers of darkness of this world, against 
                          spiritual wickedness in high places. wherefore, take 
                          unto you the whole armour of god..."
this passage is very familiar to the 
                          large majority of those in bible-believing churches, 
                          but it is no exaggeration to conclude that most people 
                          who read these words take no time or effort to grasp 
                          their full implications. the reason for this situation: 
                          our modern church culture has turned its back on the 
                          supernatural foundation of the word of god and has transformed 
                          even the most conservative of congregations into a people 
                          who only skim the surface of that which the bible teaches. 
                          yes, many churches are justifiably working very diligently 
                          on evangelism, discipleship, caring for those in need, 
                          and other critical aspects of the ministry to those 
                          in this age. however, christians today generally fall 
                          short of understanding much of what the word of god 
                          has to offer because they tend to be so absorbed in 
                          the "here-and-now" that there is little effort 
                          given to teaching the supernatural nature of god, his 
                          word, and the spiritual dimension that is all around 
                          us.
the passage from ephesians 6 quoted 
                          above is a perfect example. when reading this passage, 
                          many christians take such a superficial approach to 
                          think of the principalities, powers, rulers of darkness, 
                          and spiritual wickedness as evil human beings. nothing 
                          could be further from not only reality but also the 
                          context of the passage. most christians have the idea 
                          that pagan gods or even the false gods of the old testament 
                          are (or were) just the figment of a primitive, uneducated 
                          imagination. as a result, they miss the concept of these 
                          entities described by paul as very real spirit beings 
                          whose sole purpose is to harm them and their families. 
                          the basic theme of paul's discourse in ephesians 6 provides 
                          instruction as how to combat harmful spirit entities 
                          that are very active in the world today.
starting in the old testament with 
                          satan, part iv of deliver us from evil will expose these 
                          forces that have been fighting against yahweh and his 
                          children since the time of the garden of eden. we will 
                          look at the false gods of the old testament, the greek 
                          gods, the roman gods, and even the norse gods. we will 
                          discuss the identity of these gods and even demons who 
                          have been battling against the one true god since the 
                          dawn of time.
in summation, the sad truth is that 
                          most bible- believing christians miss some of the most 
                          fascinating aspects of the scriptures because they are 
                          not taught the word of god from a supernatural perspective. 
                          additionally, our church culture and lack of teaching 
                          has prevented those who follow yahweh from knowing him 
                          as intimately as is possible. one must be taught the 
                          truths of the sacred text in context. this segment of 
                          deliver us from evil will seek to do just that.
run time 2 hours - listen 
                          to the podcast interview with mac dominick 
                          after filming 
newest dvds from mac dominick
deliver us from 
                          evil - series
 
  
 
 
listen to the podcast below of our interview with mac dominick about this film which is now ready to ship.



new 
                          mac dominick dvd! 
"living 
                          in the time of the paradigm shift: system breakdown"
on 
                          march 21, 2022 president joe biden said 'now is the 
                          time when things are shifting, there’s going to 
                          be a new world order out there, we’ve got to lead 
                          it, and we’ve got to unite the rest of the free 
                          world while doing it.'
the president 
                          is talking about the 'paradigm shift' to take us into 
                          the new world order and stage the antichrist.
we are on the 
                          verge of that new world order and our current system 
                          is breaking down. gas prices are up, inflation is the 
                          worst in 40 years, interest rates are rising, and customer 
                          confidence is collapsing. 
this video is 
                          the most relevant and current on the market today, combining 
                          the best in the current progress of bible prophecy in 
                          world news and in the unique cutting edge viewpoint. 
                          this understanding will affect -- should affect -- every 
                          other aspect of the current collapse of this once free 
                          and mighty nation!
this dvd is a 2-dvd set running about 2 1/2 
                          hours 
 order 
                          your copy on dvd now.
order 
                        your copy on flash drive mp4 now

new 
                          cutting edge podcasts !!
 

check out the  cutting edge free podcasts web site with many podcasts and more to come as david is busy writing the scripts.
 you can listen direct from the web site and as we add  itunes, pandora and many more you will find those links there so you can listen at home or on your phone or in your car. spotify has already launched our podcasts. our pocasts are free to everyone and are provided to you by our readers and listeners who support cutting edge through one time or monthy donations and the sales from our book store.
 we hope you enjoy listening. also listen on apple podcasts here
"you 
                          will never look at the news the same way again"
 



 





israel 
                                      past present and future 
                                      4 video combo on flash drive in mp4
 


this 
                                      flash drive includes 4 films in mp4 
                                      format for play on your computer or 
                                      smart tv or smart phone with an adapter. 
films include:
israel's past, present and 
                                        future - vol 1&2
israel, god's timepiece
israel's prophesied annihilation 
                                        of the palestinians
there is so much on this 
                                        flash drive that we have put the full 
                                        description in a pdf file for you.
this item is on sale 
                                      price: $79.96
sale price: $49.98
israel 
                                      past present and future full description 






 "secrets 
                        of the illuminati" collection in mp4 on flash drive





8 
                          films on flash-drive
                        buy all eight dvd titles of doc marquis' 
                          secrets of the illuminati series and save!
                         each of these unique dvd's provides information 
                          on a part of the illuminati plan which only a former 
                          satanist / illuminati would know. furthermore, much 
                          of the information doc marquis provides is the 'oral 
                          plan', which is the parts of the plan to produce antichrist 
                          which is so evil that it is never written down. these 
                          are the titles: 
                        
1) 'arrival of the antichrist' 
                          
                          2) 'america's occult holidays' 
                          3) 'front men of the illuminati' 
                          4) 'magick, mysticism, and masonry' 
                          5) 'the protocols of zion 
                          6) 'the illuminati is fulfilling bible prophecy' 
                          7) '2012 & beyond, volume 1 
                          8) 'paradigm shift: 2012 & beyond, volume 2'

                          8 dvd titles, over 25 hours of teaching doc marquis 
                          uses the king james bible there is so much on this flash 
                          drive that we have put the full description in a pdf 
                          file for you. 
price: 
                          $159.02 - sale price $79.99 


secrets of the illuminati collection full description 

 
"sons 
                          of god & the nephilim volume 2"
"the 
                          supernatural view from the word of god"
volume 2 of 2, 
                          only $19.99
there are many mysteries in this  world that historically have christians running for cover.  these are not mysteries that are easily  solved, and the hard questions more often than not, go unanswered.  furthermore, these mysteries have found their  way into our culture and demand an answer from those who are well-versed in  scripture, or we as christians stand to lose an entire generation to a culture  that is becoming more and more saturated with answers from the occult world.   what are the questions that arise from these  mysteries? here is a list of a few critical queries:
 • are  there spiritual forces that rule and influence the destiny and direction of the  nations?
  • where  and how did demons originate?
  • are  there biblical answers to the strange events documented in the world of the  paranormal?
  • what  are ghosts?
  • do  vampires really exist?
  • are  ufos (uaps is the latest designation) real or the figments of some over-active  imagination?
  •are  space aliens real?  do they come from other  planets?
  •is  there life elsewhere in our physical universe?
the fact of the matter is that  most christians (pastors included) avoid these questions like the plague, and  the local church has lost many a young person over these issues because the bible  “has no answers” to the really difficult  questions.   this is an absolute tragedy.   the reality is that  the bible does indeed have the answers,  but churches and pastors have avoided dealing with situations thatmake  them uncomfortable. this is the case even when the bible gives us the  insight into the supernatural world thathas all of the answers.
the sons of god & the  nephilim dvd2  gives the viewer the answers not only to these questions, but other answers for  those who seek the truth.  dvd2 will close  the loop on the biblical concepts explored in dvd1 and furnish the answers an  entire generation seeks.  armed with this  information, the viewer will be well-equipped to reach those who seek  answers not only with the truths they seek; but more importantly, you will be  able to build a foundation of truth to support the presentation of the gospel  of jesus christ. 
run time 1 hour 37 minutes order yours today

dynamic 
                          new dvd - mac dominick
"sons 
                          of god & the nephilim"
"the 
                          supernatural view from the word of god"
volume 1 of 2, 
                          only $19.99
this dvd will cover the events of scripture 
                          from genesis 6 through the flood itself. while some 
                          current authors have gone down paths of incredulity 
                          and blatant fantasy, there have been many solid, biblical 
                          scholars who have taken up the subject matter. in our 
                          new dvd, cutting edge ministries has drawn on our new 
                          research and has assembled a wealth of knowledge from 
                          others who have remained true to the word of god and 
                          actual historical accounts to compile this new documentary."                        
we will additionally discuss the myths 
                          of ancient mesopotamia and ancient greece to gain insight 
                          into man’s interpretation of the true events of 
                          the final 2 centuries before the flood. we will also 
                          explore extra-biblical information from the book of 
                          enoch and its account of the watchers that came from 
                          the heavenly dimension to mt. hermon in the days of 
                          jared.
the first dvd will resolve the important 
                          questions:
1. who were the sons of god of genesis 
                          6?
                          2. who were the giants?
                          3. what was their intention when arriving to our physical 
                          dimension?
                          4. what was their impact on mankind?
                          5. can we identify these creatures in human history 
                          and/or myth?
                          6. what happened to them?
dvd 2 is to be released summer of 2021.
there is a phenomenal amount of information 
                          in this 2-dvd series. please join us to gain great insight 
                          into the supernatural nature of the word of god, and 
                          how we should think about these events. we promise that 
                          this dvd set will change the way you look at the word 
                          of god in general and the old testament in particular. 
                          as a result, we would hope that all who view it will 
                          gain a new level of wisdom from the word of god in order 
                          to live our lives as more acceptable ambassadors for 
                          jesus christ.
run time 1 hour 32 minutes -- order yours today
watch the first 6 minutes

 

are 
                          we building the kingdom of god?
                          or a one-world religion under a new world order. volume 
                          4

as 
                          we arrive at the conclusion of our study on the kingdom 
                          of god, we can reflect on all of the things we have 
                          learned to this point. the most important of our lessons 
                          can be summed up as follows: the major underlying theme 
                          of the word of god is that due to the failure of the 
                          theocratic administrator in the garden of eden (adam) 
                          to faithfully administer god’s plan for setting 
                          up god's rule over the entire earth, there must be a 
                          plan to establish a second theocratic administrator 
                          (jesus) who will establish god’s kingdom on the 
                          face of the earth.
it is this plan that guides us from genesis 
                          to revelation, and it is this theme that has be seriously 
                          misinterpreted well-meaning members of the church. in 
                          our study we have traversed a path of misinterpretation 
                          that has led to various unscriptural movements and multiple 
                          false doctrines within professing christianity. thus, 
                          as we come to this final segment of the study, we must 
                          ask the question, 'why should i care?' disc 4 will answer 
                          not only that question, but reach a final conclusion 
                          to the main question, 'are we building the kingdom of 
                          god?'
along the way to reaching a final conclusion, 
                          we will look into some dark corners of our recent history 
                          and present society that have taken the wrong path. 
                          these observations will include:
1. the plan for building the kingdom of 
                          god via a human world government and a one-world religion 
                          that began in the 19th century.
                          2. we will investigate the people that initiated and 
                          promoted such a plan.
                          3. we will follow this path all the way through the 
                          20th century and discover the current status of such 
                          plans imbedded in the most recent events of our present 
                          world.
                          4. we will also follow the individuals promoting such 
                          philosophies into the ranks of modern evangelicals.
                          5. we will then reveal the connection of the plan for 
                          a world government and a world religion in the occult 
                          world.
                          6. we will then discover the source of all such human 
                          efforts and philosophies.
finally, we will take a look at what the 
                          bible teaches about the second coming of jesus christ 
                          and his reign on earth as king of kings and lord of 
                          lords.
all of this will not only show us why 
                          we should care, but these facts will give us a conclusive 
                          answer to the big question:
are we building the kingdom of god?
have you seen 
                          volumes 1, 2 and 3 in this series?
select the image below for more information 
                          
    


 
 
see 
                          how different cutting edge truly is


 




cutting edge films statement of faith and purpose we believe our site represents 
the most complete, concise and comprehensive source of information available which 
deals with the biblical prophecy of the new world order. our christian organization 
is a fundamental independent baptist church outreach ministry. we are dedicated 
to the scriptures as the only revelation of god and his son, jesus christ.
whether you're a fundamental christian who already has knowledge of the new world 
order, and who is seeking a greater understanding of how current events are affecting 
our daily lives, or someone who is seeking some basic answers, we know you'll 
find what you are seeking in our carefully organized and presented material. 
our statement of faith 
              and vision statement
our goal
our mission is three-fold:
to explain the goals and aspirations of the new world order
            to explain how its implementation will affect the average american citizen and 
            family.
            to show how families are being influenced now, before we actually move into 
            this system.

armed with this information, you will learn how you can:
protect yourself, your children, your family, your loved ones and friends
            live triumphant christian lives in a most difficult world
            how do we deliver our message
            this ministry is dedicated to searching out the news behind the news to provide 
            you with insights which you cannot get anywhere else. no other ministry provides 
            this unique comprehensive service designed to protect you, your loved ones and 
            your friends.
we provide you with this important information and insight in several ways:
* by making available approximately 2,000 transcripts from our article 
            archives
            * by providing analysis of current news events in a totally different way than 
            any other fundamental christian ministry.
            * through cassette tape versions of our seminars
            * the most exciting aspect of our ministry is that through our teaching process, 
            we show you that all of the new world order plans, when completed, will fulfill 
            dozens of bible prophecies to the letter!
from the beginning of my research, when i felt the holy spirit driving me to 
            research the occult side of the plan to produce antichrist, i realized that 
            satan is a liar; therefore, how would i recognize when parts of his plan is 
            for real and when they were false? i concluded that the only safe way to proceed 
            would be to adopt the practice of mariner captains in the days before sophisticated 
            navigation.
when they were bringing their vessel in to port, they would select three (3) 
            distinct physical markers they could line up to direct them to the dock. two 
            markers would not be reliable, because you can incorrectly line up any two points; 
            only lining up three points provided the mariner captain safety as he brought 
            his vessel into the dock.
therefore, i decided to always line up three (3) points. they are:
1) the specific point of the occult illuminati plan
            2) bible doctrine
            3) bible prophecy
if a specific part of the illuminati plan does not line up with biblical doctrine 
            and prophecy, i discard it and never report it. many such parts of the plan 
            i have rejected on that basis. i have never taken their word for anything!! 
            but, the exciting part was that when i adopted this philosophy, i realized a 
            very exciting truth: the illuminati plan does line up, when enacted, very precisely 
            fulfills god’s prophecy, in multiple dozens of instances. their plan is 
            the greatest proof of the omnipotence and omnipresence of our jesus!
in communicating this to you,
* our primary focus is on your children and your family.
* we always endeavor to inform you based on knowledge and fact and not by fear.
            * we do not believe there is a conspiracy behind every bush, nor do teach violence 
            in any situation, nor do we teach any uprising or revolt against any government 
            authority.
            * we teach based on the premise that once you understand the plans of the new 
            world order, you will be able to see its progress towards completion in the 
            daily news.
            * we do not set dates by which things will happen; rather we hold to the biblical 
            teaching that believers who know their scriptural prophecy may only know the 
            broad picture, i.e., that we are generally in the time of the end of the age.
            * we do not teach that the world is about to end or be destroyed. the bible 
            does not teach that either. rather, it teaches that messiah will return a second 
            time to judge the unbelievers and to set up his kingdom on earth, and will rule 
            for 1,000 years.
*and finally, we do believe this time is close at hand. israel is back in her 
            land and all the other prophecies are coming to pass.
the entire purpose of this ministry is to convince the unsaved and the backslidden 
            that jesus christ is real and that the time is come to repent of sins and receive 
              jesus as savior through his blood sacrifice.
an invitation
            please join us now and allow our web site to become one of the most important 
            christian resources in your daily life.
if this whole concept of the new world order is new to you, may we suggest 
            that you begin reading our weekly newsletter and news alert and start getting 
            your daily news from our daily news update. in our daily news update, we organize the news 
            in sections that show how the plan is daily unfolding.
thank you for visiting and please feel free to e-mail cutting edge ministries 
            if you have any questions about our outreach ministry.



an invitation
please join us now and allow our web site 
                      to become one of the most important christian resources 
                      in your daily life.
if this whole concept of the new world order 
                      is new to you, may we suggest that you begin with the selected 
                      transcripts from our radio show.
 thank you for visiting and please feel free 
                      to e-mail cutting edge ministries 
                      if you have any questions about our outreach ministry. 
                    
          


subscribe to the free email news 
                  alerts and weekly 
                  newsletter from our editor by entering your email address 
                  below. 




subscribe
* indicates required
email address *first name last name 











current 
            newsletter - newsletter 
            archives - what's 
            new in books and dvds 
-daily 
            news updates - freemasonry 
            corner  -  article 
            archives    visit 
            our clearance sale area
directory 
            of all news articles  - former 
            radio transcripts - current 
            newsletters -newsletter 
            archives - roman 
            catholicism - bookstore 
            - meet the director 
            - other links 
            - weather 
            control - visit 
            our youtube channel - defending 
            the king james version - ebay 
            store best if you are in the eu or the uk where vat has to be collected


cutting edge , po box 1067, wagener, sc 
              29164 
            
          803-564-3341 -- customer service or orders toll free 
            within the usa 800-451-8211
three ways to order: 1. secure 
            online
 2. call  803-564-3341 
            3. mail 
            order form
 
 
             
              )
 




