


































































globe gazette | breaking news | | read mason city, ia and iowa breaking news. get latest news, events and information on iowa sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-17°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state



crime



politics



nation & world



business



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists




sports


high school



scoreboard



north iowa bulls



college



professional



outdoors



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



comics



puzzles



contests



play



celebrations



people



faith



fashion



food & cooking



health



get healthy



home & garden



parenting



pets



travel




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




our publications


globe gazette



britt news tribune



forest city summit



mitchell county press




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



homes



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









-17°
clear
























        
        
            how iowa lawmakers are aiming to address the state’s rising cancer rates

iowa has the fastest-growing rate of new cancers and ranks second-highest in cancer rates compared to other states, according to the iowa cancer registry.

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            osage's blake fox aims for third straight state title

osage's blake fox (55-0) won the state championship in his first two years as a high school wrestler. 

















        
        
            immigration enforcement fears on the rise in north iowa

on jan. 27, agents with u.s. immigration and customs enforcement were in hampton, where nearly 30% of the population identify as hispanic or latino. the ice agents arrested two people, according to the town's police chief, mike morrison.

















        
        
            stebens childrens theatre presents 'the wind in the willows'

'the wind in the willows' is adapted by t. james belich from the novel by kenneth grahame. shows are at 7 p.m. feb. 19-22 and at 2 p.m. feb. 23. tickets are $9 for students and $12 for adults.

















        
        
            why iowa state coach bill fennelly subbed addy brown out one rebound shy of her first triple-double

addy brown nearly became the fourth player in isu women's basketball history to complete a triple-double.

















        
        
            iowa community colleges asked to study feasibility of 4-year degrees

some lawmakers are asking: could the taxpayer-supported community colleges better serve iowa, its residents and its workforce by offering four-year bachelor’s degrees, too?










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            update: iowa under an extreme cold warning until tuesday midday


















        
        
            why iowa state coach bill fennelly subbed addy brown out one rebound shy of her first triple-double


















        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa women’s basketball: dear ncaa selection committee …
















                
                the latest



















        
        
            north iowa neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published today in globe gazette. 












        
        
            february 17 recap: north iowa news you may have missed today




get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from globe gazette. 




















        
        
            update: iowa under an extreme cold warning until tuesday midday

on tuesday at 3:24 a.m. an updated extreme cold warning was issued by the national weather service in effect until noon. the warning is for mason city and waterloo-cedar falls as well as emmet, kossuth, winnebago, worth, palo alto, hancock, pocahontas, humboldt, wright, franklin, butler, bre…





















        
        
            photos: 2025 color the wind kite festival in clear lake

the annual color the wind kite festival took place at clear lake near city park on saturday, feb. 15. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react




















        
        
            presidents' day protesters gather in opposition of the trump administration












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: northern iowa vs. iowa state wrestling, 2-16-25

northern iowa hosted iowa state at a sold-out mcleod center of more than 7,348 sunday. the largest crowd in mcleod center history. the panthers won seven of 10 matches to beat iowa state for the first time since the 2018-19 season.  





















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 




















        
        
            iowa state's rebounding physicality creates a simple winning strategy

the first half appeared to point towards an offensive shootout between two of the big 12's top defensive teams. midway through the half, iowa state's defensive identity emerged.




















        
        
            'divine intervention' helped cedar falls native get into coaching, back to iowa women's hoops

randi henderson never anticipated a future in coaching neither when she left cedar falls high school in 1997 nor when she departed iowa in 2001. it found her another way.












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            digital ownership: how ethereum is redefining future property rights

contributor content. during the last few years, blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies have heavily impacted industries across the globe. 












provided








        
        
            how to choose the right trampoline

provided content. use this guide to find the best trampoline for you and your family. 




















        
        
            how advanced is ai in understanding human emotions in iowa?

affiliate content. explore how advanced ai has become in understanding human emotions in iowa, and its impact on technology and relationships.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            jim gage & co



                                        po box 86, algona, ia 50511
                                    






























        
        
            cellular advantage


                                cellular advantage
                            


                                        421 s illinois ave, mason city, ia 50401
                                    




























        
        
            prairie lakes church



                                        1907 viking rd, cedar falls, ia 50613
                                    



 website







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


globe gazette

britt news tribune

forest city summit

mitchell county press news

up in smoke bbq bash

online features

get healthy




services


contact us

place an ad

activate full access

full access faq

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        globe gazette, po box 271 mason city, ia 50402
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































