


rigorous intuition


















    
	rigorous intuition
	
  
what you don't know can't hurt them





friday, september 08, 2006



	 
	 fyi, we've moved over here:
	 
    


rigint.blogspot.com



posted by jeff wells at 2:39 a.m.
53 comments






sunday, august 27, 2006



	 
	 reminder to update:
	 
    


look over here now.



posted by jeff wells at 9:37 p.m.
20 comments









	 
	 reminder to update your links:
	 
    


we are here.



posted by jeff wells at 9:34 p.m.
12 comments






monday, june 12, 2006



	 
	 emergency broadcast system
	 
    


abandon ship!here's the link to our new, temporary home. hope to have a permanent fix soon.



posted by jeff wells at 4:58 p.m.
45 comments






sunday, june 11, 2006



	 
	 time for an appeal, here
	 
    


if you've found this and it's not on the main page, can i ask a favour? please submit a problem report to blogger. maybe adding some voices to my own may get their attention. you could also reference this thread on google's blogger support group.a problem report should generate an emailed bot response within a couple of days, and blogger then expects an emailed reply if the problem is persisting.thanks.



posted by jeff wells at 12:00 p.m.
86 comments






friday, june 09, 2006



	 
	 the revolution will not be webcast
	 
    


broken pipes, broken tools, people bending broken rules.hound dog howling, bull frog croaking - everything is broken. - bob dylanif nazi germany had been wired with fibre optics, i doubt whether the white rose would have distributed a single leaflet. perhaps, rather than cranking them out on a hand press, hans, sophie and the rest would have spammed hitler youth forums from cyber cafes across southern germany. that is, if they had first evaded the gestapo's carnivore, sifting every email and seemingly anonymous web comment for anti-fuhrer sentiment. (a headline today: "pentagon sets its sights on social networking websites".)freedom of expression is often regarded as america's distinguishing liberty. "that's what's great about this country and all free countries: freedom of speech," neil young told cnn six weeks ago. "that's what makes us different from everybody else." though it's suffered multiple paper cuts from the patriot act, it's still the go-to characteristic for those who choke on nazi analogies. (bush isn't hitler, runs the argument, because you have the right to call him hitler.) but it's also the cheapest freedom rulers can afford, when popular expression is cut off from the means of effecting popular change. nothing is risked by allowing people to say what they feel, so long as it's understood they cannot act upon it outside of the unresponsive and compromised political system. but when the elections are rigged, and most politicians of prominence are beholden to the same security apparatus, what do you do then?america is a free-speech zone, and americans remain fenced within it so long as they mistake risk-averse expression with direct yet non-violent action. it's the difference between shouting slogans on a sunny afternoon and tiananmen square. and so much of the ineffectual sloganeering now takes place only in the cocooned and virtual america, where the empire obligingly hosts its chat rooms of dissent for political deviants. it has no worries, so long as everyone keeps talking.i don't think i like paperless revolutions anymore. it seems the more sophisticated our means of communication, the more illusory our ownership of the media, and the greater the disconnect between our words and our words' implications. under the nazis, hand-cranking the press in the basement took courage. under the nsa, posting online may take nothing more than naivité.by the way, i'm still trying to get blogger to address my broglem of the non-updating home page, though i'm increasingly pessimistic. so i'm beginning to consider alternatives. in the event blogger is finished with me, i've registered rigorousintution.ca, and am starting to scout about for hosts and publishing options. (wordpress or movable type?) if i move - and i'd rather not, because the thought gives me a sick headache - i would want to leave this blog standing as an additional archive, but copy everything over, including comments. (i'd also like to consolidate the discussion board, bringing over the posts into a php forum.) i've received some good tips already, and would be happy for more. and thanks for your patience.



posted by jeff wells at 5:37 a.m.
96 comments






wednesday, june 07, 2006



	 
	 mephistopheles
	 
    


no kingdom made of human hands can standtoo bad about macbethin order to possess that corruptible crowngotta make a deal with mr death - bob dylanfaust was a doctor, and it was for knowledge that he signed his contract with the devil. according to goethe, modern science - carl sagan's "candle in the dark" of a demon-haunted world - is ignorantly under the patronage of the demon mephistopheles.rupert sheldrake brushes against faust and our own lousy bargains in his trialogue with terence mckenna and ralph abraham entitled  chaos, creativity and cosmic consciousness:how seriously do we need to take the idea that our whole society and civilization is under the possession of such a spirit.... how much are fallen angels actually guiding and perverting the progress of science and technology? is a great war between the good and evil angels being acted out on earth? we hardly know how to think or talk about such possibilities since they are so alien to the official, standard models of western history.like faust, the original sin of intelligence agencies is the appetite for unbound knowledge. the death-dealing, the drugs and guns, the fellowship of gangsters and terrorists all follow upon this seemingly benign desire.the cia damned itself at its birth by sheltering and shepherding the devils of nazi germany into the united states, and casting them as seeds across the western world. and it was all for knowledge. for knowledge of camp experiments, of anti-soviet espionage, of rocket science. like a medieval magician invoking demons to do his bidding while binding them in the name of god, allen dulles recruited nazis into the service of america. but america is a changeable god, and dulles and his nazis helped change it.yesterday it was revealed the cia knew the whereabouts of adolf eichmann, but withheld the information because it might have led to exposing the nazi pedigree of the anti-communist intelligence efforts in west germany. it would seem that intelligence, and the protection of even relatively trivial knowledge, can be reason enough to overlook holocausts.we too, rightly, want to know. but if that's all we want we'll slip into error ourselves, amassing data which won't change a thing but will leave us alternately thrilled and depressed. knowledge must be the servant of justice, or we're just more clients for the devil.



posted by jeff wells at 9:59 a.m.
54 comments






tuesday, june 06, 2006



	 
	 suspicious minds
	 
    


answer me this, i won’t take you to courtdid you go crazy, or did you reporton that day they wounded new york? - leonard cohenblogger's been giving me serious grief the last few weeks and i haven't been able to publish for days, so since you may not even see this for a while, i won't make it a long post.i'd had only a discovery channel-like familiarity with the work of rupert sheldrake when i began considering issues here such as the mysteries of consciousness, dna and holographic fields, and i've since received much encouragement from readers to get better acquainted. so i'm binging. and i'm thinking how sooner, and wiser, i'd have gotten to where i am now, if i'd done this years ago.in the sense of being stared at, sheldrake devotes a chapter to human forebodings and presentiments of disaster. soon after 9/11, he began gathering dreams and premonitions of the event, 57 in total, many which had been described to friends and family before the attack.five nights before 9/11, manhattan forensic scientist mike cherni had "an unusually vivid dream":i dreamt that i was a passenger on a commercial jet, seated at a window seat on the left-hand side. the cabin was filled with sunlight, and outside visibility was excellent. i don't remember the beginning of the dream, but i remember a pervasive sense of dread. the passengers and i were deeply concerned about the flight path we were taking; we were flying very low over manhattan's buildings. i have flown into new york city's three major airports many times and am familiar with the normal approach routes, and this approach was quite out of the ordinary. i also love flying and had had no bad experiences as a passenger or any bad dreams about flying. yet in this dream i was very frightened about how close we were to the buildings. many of the passengers were very vocal and shared my concern. i recognized buildings as we flew over them, and it was clear that we were flying directly south over the southern tip of the island. then there was a tremendous impact and i woke up. this dream disturbed me for days afterward, enough that i described the dream to my wife.on the morning of sept 11, steven brown dreamed he was "in the stairwell of the world trade center with a lot of people trying to get out," while gina vigo dreamt "manhattan was hit by an incredible blizzard. people were running for cover from the fierce gusts of snow and everything was white. later on, when i saw footage of the falling ash, it was strangely reminiscent." audry parrish dreamed she was in one of the towers when it caught on fire. she escaped by crawling across a glass bridge halfway up into the second tower, "when it too caught fire and burned."this isn't the boneyard of ripley's believe it or not. the stories aren't fabulist amusements which have no bearing on where we find ourselves today. they speak to our deeper nature buried beneath generations of fear-bred ignorance, and reveal intuitive capacities we're expected to deny.regarding 9/11 synchronicities such as the lone gunmen's march, 2001 pilot episode (hijacked, remote-controlled airliners target the world trade center to trigger a war for profit), and the coup's june 2001 cover art, (the towers explode near the floors of impact), i contended the artists were not somehow tipped off to the plot, but rather they tapped into the dark frequencies which soon after began troubling the dreams of so many. i'm beginning to wonder whether it will be by recovering our ability to astonish ourselves that we will save ourselves. if we become fully human, then our executioners are finished. (i mean to explore this more later, when blogger is more dependable.)in another case from the sense of being stared at, amanda bernsohn didn't dream of crashing planes or a burning world trade center: "i was walking down a street that was covered in swastikas that were spray painted on the building walls. the nazis had invaded new york, but i wasn't able to find any people at all."sheldrake notes that bernsohn's dream was of "horror in manhattan," though it "was not at all like the wtc disaster."about that, perhaps, sheldrake is wrong.



posted by jeff wells at 12:17 a.m.
72 comments






friday, june 02, 2006



	 
	 freewheelin'
	 
    


and it's hard times in the city,livin' down in new york town. - bob dylanremember, they only want you to think they're out of their heads.and many people will be so inclined, and receive that lie's sad comfort, now the department of homeland security has cut anti-terror funding to new york city and washington dc by 40%, and slashed in half new orleans' grants for security and disaster preparedness on the day that marked the beginning of hurricane season. (new york, according to the dhs risk assessment, boasts zero "national monuments and icons," and only four banking and finanacial assets.) meanwhile, huge increases in dhs dollars were won by company towns such as jacksonville, florida, charlotte, north carolina and omaha, nebraska. (omaha might be justified, if the money were to be spent to liberate boys town from black ops' sexual predation.)are these bizarre choices? is it incompetence? we may think so, if we mistake chertoff's homeland for the united states. even with holes punched in its skyline, new york city stubbornly retains its listing in the latter. to those tasked with securing the homeland, which exists as a high concept, self-regulating prison rather than as common real estate, new york and every high-value target with a disproportionate population of intellectuals, free thinkers and dark faces remain its greatest threat. so what's to be done with them?somewhere there are 10-year old photos of me atop the world trade center, looking scared shitless. i'm not making claims of premonition, but i had a horrible, irrational impression that the tower was insubstantial, almost like a ghost, and could collapse at any moment. i've never had such a feeling on any other structure, and i've been on taller. my then-girlfriend had to reassure me we were safe; that nothing bad was going to happen to us, and we weren't about to all fall down.and now when so many of us feel as though everything's about to fall down, what are we to do with that? especially now such impressions don't seem so irrational?americans should know by this late date that those allegedly charged with their security are meant to be their executioners, and that duck and cover won't be enough to save them. such knowledge can be bracing.note: please change your bookmarks to rigint.blogspot.com.



posted by jeff wells at 1:10 a.m.
74 comments






thursday, june 01, 2006



	 
	 on the cover of the rolling stone
	 
    


and it's a gut check of what you believe - anti-flagi don't have time this morning to post, but here's something to chew on.tomorrow, rolling stone tries to get its groove back by publishing a 10-page "damning and detailed feature article" by robert f kennedy jr on the theft of the 2004 election. bradblog, the electronic bulldog of voter fraud, is all over it. kennedy will be promoting his story hard this month in a number of appearances, including a spot on the colbert report june 12.i'm trying not to write something dithering, like time will tell whether america's peripatetic culture finally takes to this story. but it's tough. if it ever will, this is the window for it. with bush's depressed numbers, editors who are neither backwash nor mockingbirds may seize the moment, if for no more honourable reason than the consumers of their product are now more than ever likely to believe the worst of their government, and perhaps better of themselves. (we, the people, did not choose this man.)the window won't remain open for long. showdown: iran looms, hastened by the hollow gesture of an offer of talks if iran first abandons - well, just about everything. but it had to be done, so washington can later shrug and say military action was, once more, the last choice. and when the next front opens in ernest, perhaps as soon as this month, don't be caught unaware in the stampede to "support the president in time of war."still, while the window's open a crack, it's encouraging to see pollster lou harris say that ohio was "as dirty an election as america has ever seen." but what may come after that, i don't find so heartening. do enough americans really lack for knowledge of their government's crimes? are there not already millions who, to the bush laundry list of bloody obscenity, would wearily nod their heads, i know?maybe it's not awareness that needs raising, so much as american fists.



posted by jeff wells at 8:40 a.m.
83 comments






























about me

name:  jeff wells 

cautiously pessimistic canadian author and satirist. my first novel, "anxious gravity," is published by dundurn press. a compilation of essays, "rigorous intuition," is published by trine day.
view my complete profile











for whatever you can do, thank you.
visit the rigorous intuition discussion board.
listen to rigorous intuition radio.
the rigorous intuition shop now open.
click here for my amazon wishlist.
whenever a feeling of aversion comes into the heart of a good soul,
it's not without significance.
consider that intuitive wisdom to be a divine attribute,
not a vain suspicion:
the light of the heart has apprehended
intuitively from the universal tablet. - rumi
last ten posts

fyi, we've moved over here:
reminder to update:
reminder to update your links:
emergency broadcast system
time for an appeal, here
the revolution will not be webcast
mephistopheles
suspicious minds
freewheelin'
on the cover of the rolling stone

archives

august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
august 2006
september 2006

subject index

9/11
back to black
plan 9 from saudi arabia
the trouble with normal
don't get used to it
the sound of one-hand slapping
cynical, sophisticated and subtle
let me put it this way
the guns of 9/11
the difference it makes
sibel's way
oh, the places you go (when you follow the money)
do you know this woman?
9/11 in the courts. sort of 
michael chertoff and the sabotage of the ptech investigation
ten things we learned in 2004 about 9/11
rumsfeld goes off message
 "give me a good reason"
tia was ready before 9/11
 another "timely alert"
binge, purge and repeat
report: wtc black boxes were recovered
bushthink, and the strength of venezuelan steel
9/11 truth or consequences
the riddle of the transponders
the flying wedge
remembering september 10
dick cheney, terrorism czar
"where drugs, arms and oil intersect"
the coincidence theorist's guide to 9/11

7/7
pictures from a demolition
kick at the darkness
does anyone really know what time it is?
this is london

assassinations
the day john kennedy died
early morning, april 4 (mlk)
"my god - they killed him!" (pope john paul i)
"heeeere's justice!" (jfk)
"is everybody okay?" (rfk)
the "trial of the century" that wasn't (mlk)
very special agents (wellstone)
the ballad of "eduardo" (jfk)
mary, ferrie and gerald posner (jfk)
live with regis and harvey lee (jfk)
suicide? don't fall for it

deep politics
inoculations
lawyers, guns, money and drugs
markovian parallax denigrate
accidents will happen
sex, drugs and three-card monte
"god bless canada"
let's pretend politics
stand on guard, run like hell
the cocaine coup and the coca revolution
sembler for the defense
what about bob?
something in between
is that your final a.n.s.w.e.r.?
the fortune in men's eyes
threat assessment
do like elvis did
things go sliding
dem bones, dem bones
the hour when the ship comes in
another man who knew too much?
the great race and the marathon of hope
signal/noise
the consolation of conspiracy
this is only a drill
the prophet greenspan
the disease of conceit
the italian job
dick cheney's acid house
heads up
doppelganger
what is watergate?
posada again
the voice of abulafia
broken news
white smoke, dark skies
"if you want somebody you can trust, trust yourself"
"dead man, dead man. when will you arise?"
"a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it"
conspiracy theory made easy
two hits, and a miss
bill and george, happy at last
parker brothers' politics
the nine billion names of fraud
spook banks
another microbiologist murdered
"a government 'op' that went wrong"
planet colombia
the boy who cried wolfowitz
blood, oil and gary webb's death
the annotated "german guy"
two stories and one nightmare
"the last north american career journalist"
evidence mounts
dark actors and dark alliances
condolences to the salinas family of mexico
mark lombardi's uzumaki
vreeland again
it's probably nothing
breaking: delmart vreeland arrested
che and felix
oil is not the only drug
disreputable men
"yours in 322"
follow the money, find a bush
how many privileged secrets? 
manhattan on the volga
magic bullshit theory
yellow cake and black shirts
unknown knowns

election 2004
in the colosseum
"if we despise our own government we have no future"
"people would laugh at us!" 
where there's smoke, there's a smoking gun
the dissonantly cognitive
how to hack the vote
"jesus speaks through republicans"
mock the vote
fraud's legs
only the paranoid survive
"now comes the revolution"
virtual despotism
palast: a million votes already stolen
remembering hope
lincoln's bed and bush's crown
nixon's lip and bush's palsy
october portents

environment and environmental weapons
it doesn't take a weatherman
biowarfare and "domestic violence"
top of the food chain
it's the end of the world as we know it
project seal: "tsunami bomb" papers declassified
extreme enough for ya?
first, they ignore you
a tale of two earthquakes
the american replacement of natural disaster

fascism
the trouble with fascists
jfc fuller's army
peak fascism
the left, the right, and the wrong
"watch, ride and report"
"how high's the water, mama?"
"permanent uncle" sam
repealing godwin's law
this world is not this world
"despotism"
which world war is it, anyway?

iraq
iraq's hutu radio
signs and wonders
the king of terror
the lone conmen
carry on killing
"must i paint you a picture?"
mission accomplished. really.
sgrena's car shot from behind
the anti-war institution
the benefit of the dumb
"the military is investigating the incident"
"and you, the nations, why are you silent?" 
the fallujah ghetto
about margaret hassan
big wedding, long honeymoon
a white rose for fallujah
iraq against the grain
iraq, negroponte style

katrina
the ballad of finis shelnutt
my baby needs a shepherd
category 911
drowning by numbers
series of dreams
the last refuge
new orleans, year zero
army times: "troops begin combat operations in new orleans"
because they can
ring them bells
helter skelter
president death
catastrophic success
crash on the levee

michael meiring
a person of non-interest
"you will know my power then"
davao city bomber michael meiring reported in houston
michael meiring: blast from the past

the military-occult complex, ritual abuse/mind control, and "high weirdness"
jackson 5.0
life and life only
"grave mysteries" (part two)
what lies beneath
"grave mysteries" (part one)
the gods must be crazy
there is no more firmament
"no man sees my face and lives"
full spectral dominance (part two)
solitary monsters
full spectral dominance (part one)
space cadets
bad medicine (part two)
estimate of the situation
bad medicine (part one)
down the scole hole
distractions, or something else?
"i wish that hadn't happened"
spirit of the beehive
"and your little dog, too"
correspondence and sanctuary (part two)
correspondence and sanctuary (part one)
the fearless vampire killers
weird tales
carlucci's spellcheck
the higher coincidence
american leviathan (part two)
american leviathan (part one)
look out, kid
pimp my scooter
the top of my head
into the black
if you go out in the woods
shadows and fog
it's all in your mind
phantoms, daemons and finders
"birth pangs of a new order"
"before the apex stone is fitted"
the colour out of space
bill bennett and the great white brotherhood
"you can't go home again"
"did i just say that out loud?"
what do kids know?
on the job, on the square
the liminal state of the nation
nine angles of separation
doom days
seeing things, saying things
who's screening who?
the mystery man
"liberate tutemae"
it's enough to make you paranoid
interview with jackie mcgauley (part two)
mi5 and the welsh paedophile ring
how big is your rabbit hole?
interview with jackie mcgauley (part one)
fireworks and inaugurations
last exit to ponchatoula
interview with kathleen sullivan (part 4)
the firm
bless the beasts and children
far away, so close
don't worry, it's just the news
"hope you guess my name"
america's dog star days
latter day sinners
"a working class hero is something to be"
a tale of two prophets
dunblane update: police involved in paedophile ring
debunking and debugging
a few good mind-controlled men?
no time to think
"prophet yahweh" stands and delivers?
gosch case implicates cia, us officials: iowa tv
that which survives
who shall i say is calling?
"a moment of weakness and temporary insanity"
"no way!" and "yeah - so what?"
eye of horus, part one
dark horse and dead cattle
"from beyond the stars"
the sheep look up
welcome back to atlanta
babyland
the black lodge, part two
the black lodge, part one
walpurgisnacht
the candy man did
same as it ever was
"some people call me maurice"
"knowing i live in a dark age
back to the presidio
"it's all in the egg"
noreen gosch: "if this is it, we're in the final days."
what's up is down. what isn't, is.
don't look now
"it looks more like a war zone"
who done it?
"she was always surprised they never found those bodies..."
henry: portrait of a bush supporter
is it the future yet?
"this latest maniac"
it's all about "them"
the art of the lab room floor
the "day of declaration"
the banality of the weird
interview with kathleen sullivan (part three)
interview with kathleen sullivan (part two)
jeff gannon's inner child?
the going got weird
the great satan
interview with kathleen sullivan (part one)
crazy yes. but crazy enough to be true?
america's condition greene
stirring the white house honey pot
hell, frozen over
the occult history of the national security state
things to come: the merlin project
"enter into evil"
from mindwar to foxnews
dick cheney's other big secret
why do people say such terrible things about the bush family?

miscellaneous
ri radio, and thanks
sad and lonesome day
american allegory
shop now open
not exactly as illustrated
in the summertime
forum update
discussion board now open
an appeal
"you poor take courage, you rich take care"
 the smoking scalp? 
greetings, military industrialists
unholy mess brewing on the temple mount
whose freedom is it, anyway? 
things to come
the awol opposition
interview

sun myung moon
brother's love's travelling salvation show
carrying moon's water
full moon
heavenly deception
the life and moonie times of george hw bush

the "war on terror"
why they fight
the game of terror
the steam is turned on
there's a law
pearl of great price
one of these things is not like the other
dirty job, clean hands
cheerleader of the free world
anschluss creep
accidentally like a martyr
sounds like "terror"
freedom's just another word for "oil"
mi5 asset in gitmo? 
"the board is set, the pieces are moving"
america: all science, no fiction
you couldn't make this stuff up. but someone does. 
believe nothing
the skinny on osama
the next attack
putin antes up

venezuela
a multitude of sins
whose hemisphere is it anyway?
presidente quioxte
strike a blow against the empire
exceptional hypocrisy
"impunity until when?" 

links

9/11 and the "war on terror"
9/11 citizens' watch
911 truth.org
9-11 visibility project
center for cooperative research
centre for research on globalization
from the wilderness
sander hicks
daniel hopsicker
oil empire
unanswered questions
what really happened

alternative analysis
alternet
bella ciao
the black commentator
counterpunch
the crisis papers
iraq occupation watch
the memory hole
online journal
progressive independent
refuser solidarity network
theocracy watch
third world traveler
tom paine
yurica report
znet

alternative news
buzzflash
canadian spectator
common dreams
guerrilla news network
information clearing house
inn world report
the narco news bulletin

blogs
another day in the empire
baghdad burning
billmon's whiskey bar
tim boucher, occult investigator
crimes of the state
cryptogon
dahr jamail's iraq dispatches
deconsumption
ductape fatwa
earthfamilyalpha
fantastic planet
flogging the simian
free iraq
humint events online
i approve this messiah
know your bfee
naked wisdom
notes from beyond the pale
pissed off cabbie
ran prieur
professor pan
professor hex
real history blog
stratego
the tyranny response unit
weird events
the whispering campaign
xymphora
youngfox canada

climate change
climate ark
pew center on global climate change
real climate

columnists, authors and pundits
gwynne dyer
robert fisk
eric margolis
george monbiot
greg palast
john pilger
ted rall
james wolcott

deep politics
assassination science
mae brussell
citizens for truth about the kennedy assassination
consortiumnews
alex constantine
cryptome
deep black lies
dave emory
jfk lancer
john judge
king conspiracy trial transcripts
the last circle
mind control forums
the monkey virus
parapolitics
real history archives
reopen the rfk assassination case
peter dale scott
where is the money?

forums
democratic underground
rabble.ca

high weirdness
richard dolan
entemenaki
half past human
linda moulton howe's earthfiles
humanoid sightings database
illuminati conspiracy archive
j allen hynek center for ufo studies
the konformist
mufon
national institute for discovery science
nuforc
saucer smear
the book of thoth
the trickster and the paranormal
ufo watchdog

mind control and ritual abuse
advisory committee on human radiation experiments,
1995 hearings
advocacy committee for human experimentation, 
survivors & mind control
the art of lynn schirmer
ckln-fm mind control series
mind justice
mkzine
mkultra documents
persons against ritual abuse and torture
smart ritual abuse newsletter
kathleen sullivan

peak oil and industrial collapse
association for the study of peak oil
colin campbell
die off
dry dipstick
richard heinberg
hubbert peak
in the wake
life after the oil crash

resistance artists
akira the don
anti-war hip hop
the compassionate conservatives
del canton
funk space
guerilla funk
immortal technique
john mccutcheon
paranoid larry
robb johnson
protest records
leon rosselson
david rovics
seize the day
stephen smith
"the world turned upside down"









 





