







welcome to machovec































































tweet | message or call: 763-263-9835

name:



e-mail:








tweet us!






































government
solutions to protect you so you can focus on what you do best
u.s.c.g.










ice rescue
just 20 minutes leads to hypothermia
ice commander










recreation
seemless integration into your lifestyle
comfortable and safe










ansi
improved visual detection in water
on-water visibility






previous
next



























home
catalog
contact us





  call : 763-263-9835





















  
  







 

  

  

















machovec













 toggle navigation main menu  



 home
  catalog
 survival gear

 specials
inflatable pfd's

inflatables hit™
automatic inflatables
manual inflatables
tactical inflatables


dry suits
base layers
special suits
aviation suits
sar vests
float coats/jackets/bibs
sailing & kayaking
gloves
industrial vests
msv series
rescue devices
special operations
re-arms
ocean racing
gear haulers
accessories
camouflage gear

fire resisant
recreational vests

suit repair


 rope

spectra®

12-strand
double braid


polyester

12-strand
8-strand
3-strand
double braid
diamond braid
yacht braid


poly-dac

3-strand
8-strand
combo 8-strand
combo 12-strand
aradac


polypropylene

3-strand
super
hollow braid
double braid


nylon

3-strand
double braid
dockline


kernmantle
manila
lockline
applications

ski rope tow
crowd control
arborist
marine
sailing
fishing
merchant marine
barge craft
crowd control
workout

fast rope
low course
high course


rescue
rigging
industrial
commercial fishing
recreational
musher


splicing

12-strand

end-to-end
eye-brummell
eye-bury
eye-lock
eye-tuck


8-strand

tuck class 2
tuck class 1
end-to-end


3-strand

tuck
tapered eye
rope to chain
back splice
end to end short
crown splice


double braid

eye
back
end-to-end
core-to-core


splicing tips


rope cutter
quickwinder™
knots

figure eight
bowline
belaying
anchor bend
tug boat hitch
single sheet bend
double sheet bend
round turn
bight & loop
clove hitch
overhand
square
fisherman
trilene
surgeon


fibers & types
rope care
rope construction
comparison
conversion
glossary
projects

rope bridges
rope hammock
rope course




 rescue

ice commander
ocean commander
ring buoys

24" ring buoy 
30" ring buoy
30" solas ring buoy
ring buoy brackets
ring buoy cover

rescue stick™
throw bags
rescue rope
rope tender kit
ice pick/awls


 more

dethatchers

3-point
tine


seahorse
suit repair
education

comparison 
rescue faq
donning suit
suit care
hypothermia
pfd faq
uscg approvals
neoprene
lift
warranty


 
          [numo.newsletter: links(render_within_submenu=1)]
        

      [numo.accounts: top login box]
    





























when your daily work environment is dynamic and unpredictable,  you need mobility and durability.
learn more


mustang survival

professionals














the natural tendancy of rope to revolve under tension is a hazard in standard rope.
learn more


non-revolving

ski tow rope














with any first responder operations, you don't get a second chance when lives are on the line.
learn more


public safety

first responder 














serious products for serious users. innovative protective garments for demanding users.
learn more


mustang survival

military















 
 
 
 
 
 



 










welcome to machovec 
machovec is a leading distributor of mustang survival products. for more than 45 years mustang survival has been committed to providing life support solutions for people exposed to the most hazardous environments. through constant innovation and application of new technologies, mustang survival has established themselves as a leading supplier of survival solutions to the most demanding military, professional and recreational users.
browse for mustang survival products by going to our online catalog index
mustang survival's teams of scientists, engineers, and designers have studied the complex dynamics that occur when the human body is subjected to variable wave actions and variable sea states. in fact, they re-create these environmental conditions to test their products. mustang survival's expertise regarding the physics of human flotation, combined with an in-depth knowledge of the user's activities enables them to develop solutions that integrate seamlessly into the lives and the work of the end user.
numerous regulatory bodies, that work to ensure your personal safety, strictly regulate flotation devices. mustang survival works closely with these agencies and has been a major contributor in setting safety standards.

 
 professional
from commercial fishermen and industrial marine workers to law enforcement officers, mustang survival designs industry leading personal protection equipment.

 
recreational 
the best personal flotation device (pfd) is the one you wear. that's why choosing a pfd that fits comfortably and made for your activity is important.

 
coast guard 
we offer a wide range of practical solutions with coast guard markings and colors to meet mission requirements.

 
ansi 
 we offer a line of flotation products constructed of ansi approved high visibility material.



 
military
mustang survival designs complete defense and security solutions as if their own lives depended on them because they know your lives do.

 
aviation
reliable performance with minimal impact, burden or ergonomic challenges within the aircraft.

 
law enforcement
as a law enforcement professional, you want nothing less than the most reliable, comfortable and durable products to protect you.

 
camouflage
safety gear that is warm, comfortable and camouflage, perfect for constant wear. the key to hunting is patience and proper equipment..




















dave mercer 
"warning - the new mustang elite™ inflatable pfd is so comfortable your buddies may make fun of you after you forget to take it off when you get back to shore...well at least that's what my friends did!"
-host of tv's fact's of fishing & bassmaster emcee



















rope & cordage
machovec retails and wholesales quality industrial, lockline, mooring line, agricultural, arborist, theater and stage, marine, yachting and sailing ropes and cordage. our rope and cord products range from natural manila to synthetic nylon, polypropylene, polysteel & polyester braided, double braided and twisted styles.
 our business revolves around quality rope products and individualized customer service. our sales staff are experts in the rope business. we know our ropes and their applications, performance specifications, and standards for strength and usage.

 
rope cutting gun
make your splicing projects go smoother and look more professional.

 
quick winder™
keeps rope untangled, well stowed and in good condition.

 
snow tow
specifically manufactured with high resistance to the severe abrasive wear of dragging over snow.

 
lockline
fuzzy soft polyester cover yarns serve to diffuse heat build up and offers excellent abrasion resistance.



 
splicing
we offer in-house splicing or free splicing instructions.

 
crowd control
rugged, heavy-duty construction posts offer protable crowd control in minutes.

 
rescue rope
the highest quality multi-filament polypropylene and nylon water rescue rope available.

 
manila
made from natural fiber which means it's environmentally friendly. great for many landscape projects.




...and quick winder™

 
 




















seahorse life jackets and ring buoys
put the seahorse to work for you
taylortec has served safety requirements on ferry boats, cruise ships, wharves, docks, off-shore oil platforms, excursion boats, work boats and other maritime enterprises since 1964. 

 
offshore life jackets
seahorse offshore life jackets are designed with maximum bouyancy for high freeboard and quick righting of unconscious wearers.

 
work vest
seahorse work vest provides durability, comfort and safety to help meet your workers safety requitements and your bottom line.

 
ring buoys and accessories
seahorse ring buoys are made of tough, high density, u.v. stabilized polyethylene which will not absorb water if punctured.


 

 
uscg type i
this pfd is designed to extend survival in rough, open water. this is the best pfd to keep you afloat in remote regions where rescue may be slow in coming.

 
uscg type v
special use pfd's include work vests, deck suits and hybrids for restricted use. ideal for personnel working on or near the water requiring an approved vest.

 
uscg type iv
these are designed to be thrown to a person in the water. they are not designed to be worn and must be supplimented by a rearable pfd.




















machovec
we offer unrivalled product knowledge.
as a small business, we are able to respond quickly to the needs of our customers and deliver superior customer service.
whether you need help deciding which rope you need for your application, or which mustang survival product might best serve your needs, have a question about any of our products, or just want to make sure we really are as human as we claim... just call us 763-263-9835 or click the button to learn more about us! 
contact us


















testimonials
learn what our customer have to say








what our clients say!
 i called several dealers  listed on the mustang survival web site but nobody had the pfd i wanted in stock. i did a quick search on google and machovec came up right away. i called, they had the vest i wanted in stock and it arrived a few days later. they were able to answer all my questions regarding the vest and other mustang survival products. i can't say enough how impressed i was with machovec!
dan steinberg | cfo  - gulf international




something else our clients say!
machovec is fantastic company to work with. their knowledge of rope and cordage is amazing. they took the time to ask questions about my application needs and educated me about which rope would best suit my requirements. their knowledge and attention saved me time and money.
betty johnson | procurement specialist - fredson supply group




best tow rope on the market!
we have been associated with machovec for over 8 years. we feel they provide the best rope on the market and the only rope we use to make our tow ropes.
jess keller | purchasing - chapman tow ropes




to the rescue!
if your looking for top of the line product, service and more than industry standards. if your looking for quality, in every detail of doing business, if your looking for the right equipment that you can be confident with, then you need machovec.
laura hughes | publisher/editor - minnesota backwoods bulletin
    


























 
 
 
 








get in touch!




  about our company

		machovec is a small business dedicated to providing quality gear to help protect those protecting us. we are proud a distributor of mustang survival gear. for more than 40 years mustang survival has been committed to providing life support solutions for people exposed to the most hazardous environments. through constant innovation and application of new technologies, mustang survival has established themselves as a leading manufacturer of survival solutions to the most demanding military, professional, and recreational users.




  recent updates

 currently under a site wide redesign. we appreciate your patience during the roll out.
 new mustang survival products have been added.





  helpful links

 home page
 contact us
 use our sitemap
 catalog index
 mustang survival
 rope
 privacy policies
 terms of use




 contact info
address:

po box 307, monticello, mn 55362

phone:

763.263.9835

fax:

763.263.9812

email:

jay@machovec.com



















machovec




copyright © 2020 ~ machovec ~ all rights reserved



























