cape town hotels - cape town accommodation - south africa hotels homecape town waterfrontcape town atlantic seaboardcape town centralsouthern suburbscentury city hotelssmall luxury hotelscape town luxury holiday apartmentsluxury villasday toursvacation packagescape town guidetravel articlesspecial hotel experiencestable mountain guidetravel tipspopular selectionscape town hotel accommodationcape town is africa's most sought after holiday travel destination, and this accommodation guide to cape town hotels, holiday apartments and luxury villas is a must for holiday visitors and business travellers alike.
with its mountains, winelands, glorious beaches, the v&a waterfront and stunning nightlife hotspots, cape town will give your spirit the lift of a lifetime holiday experience. what ever your your reason to be here, there is a cape town hotel to suit your mood and life-style.




welcome to cape town
select your cape town hotel accommodation by style or area. popular locations include v&a waterfront, cape town city centre, foreshore, gardens, sea point, camps bay, bantry bay and century city




beach hotels in cape town

these cape town beach hotels all boast stunning sea views, located near beautiful white sand beaches, exceptional service and facilities ranging from exciting to relaxing.






family holiday hotels

pack the kids for an exciting cape town family hotel holiday crammed with lots of exciting stuff for them to do and learn, and you may even get a break yourself.



romantic stays

romantic cape town hotels - from an intimate overnight stay or romantic weekend away, enjoying candle lit dinners on the beach on the balcony, combined with luxury, comfort and excellent facilities.






luxury cape town hotels

cape town luxury hotel accommodation in opulent rooms, whether in modern elegance or traditional charm, you are assured of the absolute quality demanded by the discerning traveller.




spa, health & beauty

revitalize at these cape town spa hotels with the finest health and beauty treatments by qualified therapists in five-star surroundings, out on your open balcony with the soothing sound of the ocean.





villas & luxury apartments

divide the rental price by your number of guests, and you might find that cape town holiday apartments are a superior option. luxury cape town villas offer privacy for your exclusive-use.




cape town day tours

table mountain, the cape peninsula, the winelands, day safaris, shark cage diving, whale watching and more can be experienced on these guided cape town day tours.






guest house accommodation

as an alternative to cape town hotel accommodation and for more intimate and personalized accommodation options, see our recommended selection of cape town guest houses.




cape winelands hotels
the scenic beauty of the winelands is a must-see, and the best way to do that is to stay on a wine estate cape winelands hotel in historic and charming places like paarl, stellenbosch and franschhoek.

top 5 things to do and see in cape town
go up the table mountain cable car
visit robben island
go whale watching
get out to cape point
contact usour destination experts can arrange accommodation, car rental or transfers, day tours and all aspects of your trip. let us create a holiday package or business package to suit your travel needs.1 next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         cape town hotel accommodation  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and bookings booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd   popular pages cape town beach hotels waterfront hotels cape town suburbs table mountain cape town city hotels luxury holiday apartments cape town tours    south africa hotel guide cape winelands cape coast johannesburg sandton pretoria and centurion durban and kzn garden route mpumalanga limpopo sun city resort    ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - south africa safari and beach holiday   privacy settings


