

electric trace and surface heating manufacturers - drum heaters - resistance technology uk



































































electric surface heating



 

about rtl | products | case study | contact rtl

about resistance technology ltd uk
commencing in 1991 from one of the pioneering company's 
in the origination and development of electric trace heating in the uk.the three 
partners of resistance technology ltd were previously senior managers with 
thomas french & sons (electrical) ltd prior to that company withdrawing as a 
market leader from the industry in 1990.  for further information about 
resistance technology click here.
what is electric surface 
heating?



electric surface heating 
(also know as electric trace heating ) can be described as the application of 
heat to the surface of any vessel, container or apparatus for the processing, 
storage or conveyance of any product or substance at a predetermined 
temperature.in general terms, electric surface heating falls into two 
categories :- a.    freeze protection, where a vessel, 
container or pipework is maintained at a temperature which will prevent the 
enclosed product from freezing at low ambient temperatures. typical applications 
include the frost protection of water services and the freeze prevention of 
caustic soda solutions.b.    process heating, where the 
enclosed product or material has to be maintained at an elevated temperature to 
permit handling, transportation or processing. typical applications include the 
temperature maintenance of pipework carrying heavy grade fuel oil, various 
chemical products, glues, resins, etc and products used in the food industry 
such as glucose, chocolate, fats, etc.electric surface heating may also 
be used for the prevention of condensation, for example when handling dust or 
powder products in storage hoppers .generally electric surface heating 
is required to compensate for the heat losses which would otherwise occur due to 
the temperature differential between the required product temperature and the 
minimum ambient air temperature. however in certain limited circumstances, 
surface heating may also be used to raise the temperature of the product to that 
necessary for subsequent processing operations.electric surface heating 
replaces the heat where it is being lost and compared with other heating methods 
(such as immersion heaters) it can be easily installed without the necessity of 
breaking into pipework  or vessels. for certain applications, for example the 
heating of long lengths of pipework (electric trace heating , traces the tape 
around the pipework ), surface heating may be the only practicable method of 
providing the required heat output .it is true to say that  electric 
surface heating and electric trace heating can be found in all industrial areas including :--- 
general engineering--- chemicals and petrochemicals --- oil 
processing--- electricity generation--- food industry--- 
refrigerationthe term "electric surface heating" also includes so-called "electric 
trace 
heating"which is derived from the practice of running a heat source along the 
length of a pipeline (thus tracing the pipeline).
web site maintained and updated by happy as larry
top of page 



resistance technology limited, 8 worrall street, salford, manchester, m5 
4th, england, uk. 
tel +44 (0)161 877 7345: fax +44 (0)161 877 8711 for all your electric 
surface heating requirements 
