

david blaine street magic tricks revealed | dive of death 





















......................................... 
interesting          things you may not have known about david blaine 
        ---

          1. full name - the performer’s full
          name is said to be david blaine white. this may be based upon the assumption
          he went under his mother’s last name as a child, patrice white.

          2. birthday – david blaine was born on april 04, 1973 in brooklyn, 
          new york. he is currently 35 years old.


          3. david blaine unfortunately never knew his biological father. instead, 
          his mother remarried to a banker named john bukalo. this accepted, loving 
          marriage brought forth blaine’s half brother, michael.

          4. blaine’s first effect is said to be the cigarette through
           card. his mother purchased it for him at a disney magic shop in florida,
          while visiting an aunt for the summer.

          5. as a teenager, blaine created the eccentric character the public 
          most commonly sees in him. intrigued by acting and theatre, he always 
          strived to be the center of attention.


          6. as a teenager, blaine already appeared on several commercials and 
          soap operas on daytime television.


          7. david blaine currently has three dvd’s out on the international 
          market and a best selling book. in the uk, blaine has produced mystifier 
          and showman—a compilation of his first three national television 
          specials: street magic; magic man; frozen in time. in the us, blaine 
          featured all three specials on a single dvd entitled fearless. there 
          are currently two different versions of his book, mysterious stranger, 
          which apparently leads the path to a buried treasure in the usa through 
          codes and hidden symbols.

          8. blaine has been said to date some of the hottest names in the 
          business: fiona apple, madonna, and josie maran just to name a few.


          9. blaine is known to have created solid friendships with robert de 
          niro, leonardo dicaprio, jack nicholson, and other major actors, using 
          his magic.


          10. david blaine looks up to several magicians for their support and 
          company throughout his productions. one of which is paul harris, a respectable 
          icon in the magic community who currently walks all throughout the usa, 
          searching for the meanings of astonishment. ever since his home burned 
          down with all his belongings, harris has lived out an extreme life of 
          which blaine attempts to convey throughout the specials. harris actually 
          aided blaine in creating the “urban shaman” approach to 
          connect with total strangers—blaine talks of harris in his critically 
        acclaimed book, “mysterious stranger.” 
welcome to the #1 david blaine information site including 
        reviews, inside info, 
        and revealed street magic techniques used in dive of death 
we provide rare information about david blaine, regarding the magic man and his street magic tricks- including updates on tv appearances such as dive of death on abc. get in here!
 

"there are 52 cards a deck....choose one"

learn david blaine magic from "dive of death"
the man who single-handedly revived street magic has tested the limits of physical ability by enclosing himself in ice, balancing on a pillar and holding his breath underwater for 17 minutes (he broke the world record for that one). 
but people remember him most for the simple, elegant, completely mind-blowing street magic from his first special, "david blaine: street magic."
his latest special, "david blaine: dive of death," will be packed with much more street magic than his past tv specials. he performed street magic for people in new orleans' ninth ward, inner-city east st. louis and coal miners in west virginia's mingo county. the reactions he gets from his spectators will be legendary.
do you think you can perform street magic like david blaine? 

there will never be another david blaine, but you can add your own personality and get some of the same reactions by learning david blaine magic tricks.

the amazing miracles blaine creates with playing cards, dollar bills, coins and watches are accomplished with simple sleight of hand that has been refined over the years. you can learn it with "how to do street magic."

more professional magicians are incorporating street magic into their routines, because audiences love it. 
spectators love street magic because ordinary, every day objects are made to do unnatural, mind-blowing things that bend reality. 
street magic looks more convincing to spectators, because there is no stage, special effects or "lovely assistants." everything happens in front of their face.
street magic is accomplished through skilled use of sleight of hand.

in "how to do street magic" you'll learn several ways to bend reality in front of your spectators' eyes. you'll make a card appear where you command, make another card reveal istelf in ashes on your skin, slam a salt shaker right through a table and make coins appear right in front of people's faces. you'll even make a string pass through a ring -- the very trick that inspired blaine to become a magician.
once you learn these effects from brad christian, who has more than 25 years of experience performing them, you'll be getting the same kinds of reactions. 
 article written by ellusionist.com
magic tricks at ellusionist
 

 
discovered a david blaine tidbit? tv update? email
      us! 













subscribe to our newsletter

click 'show me the magic' and we'll automatically send you a secret video to the email address that you provide.











this service is free and you can unsubscribe any time 
            with just a click. privacy with your email address 

            is ensured. we hate spam too.



 


 




model
                  josie maran was david blaine's girlfriend after fiona apple.
                  david
                blaine and madonna have also been linked.





 







 
 w 
          r i t e - h i m
david blaine magic
c/o jason weinberg & associates
          122-124 e. 25th street ny, 
      ny 10010
 
discovered a david blaine tidbit? 
          news or tv update? 
       email us!




content © 2004-2008 1streetmagic.com. all rights reserved.
 not affiliated with david blaine,
     information web site only.  david
      blaine magic information site created by ellusionist. 
  special thanks to  rt showmann 
  for long hours of research and writing.  also written by brad 
  christian.




the 
    truth about street magician david blaine magic, david blane, david blain and 
    his street magic: learn how to do levitation, shoelaces untied untie themselves trick, cell phone card trick.





