






































recording studio equipment experts - transaudio group































































transaudio


home
about
latest news

press releases
events
blog


international sales
contact
 
 
 
 






we guide you to 
the best audio equipment and information,
so you can create 
recordings your clients can't get anywhere else




partnered brands

a designsatc monitorsauratonebettermakerdakingdrawmerhakanlatch lakemutecpete's place audiosabra-somsound anchorssubwoofer prostrinnov audiotube-tech 
service



the recording studio equipment specialists

looking for the ultimate equipment to achieve perfect sound in your studio?
talk to the professionals at transaudio group first.


have questions?
we love providing answers! with decades of experience in the music industry,
we have the expertise to help you choose the top components for an award winning studio.
get audio answers today



studio profile




from the studio of: lurssen mastering



transaudio studio story
john lennon’s 1971 album, imagine, and its legendary title track are the former beatle’s most famous solo works. the album and the unconventional promotional film that accompanied it were recently remastered and reissued by yoko ono and the lennon estate, with the original album supported by well over one hundred additional tracks of demo versions, studio outtakes, and isolated track elements. called imagine – the ultimate collection, the reissue spans four cds and two surround sound blu-ray discs. musician and engineer paul hicks led the project and joined gavin lurssen and reuben cohen to master the box set – 140 tracks in total – at the lurssen mastering facilities in burbank, california…
 
continue reading »



scm150asl 3 way midfield monitor
 more info



new completed studio projects coming soon. see all the details and product information in our next studio profile!


studio essentials

building a recording studio?  need assistance resolving sound issues?
here are some of our studio essential products that will get you going in the right direction.






 



pete's place audio - 										bac 500 compressor

why do i need this product?

bac 500 compressor   designed by brad avenson of austin, texas-based avenson audio, the bac-short for brad avenson compressor-is a feedback-style fet compressor built around two discrete op amps and a custom wound output transformer. from the top down, the bac’s faceplate features a large silver rotary input knob, smaller knobs for attack, release and…  read more »

more product details







 



bettermaker - 										mastering compressor

why do i need this product?

  mastering compressor following the renowned mastering limiter and mastering equalizer, bettermaker has expanded the line with the mastering compressor.  as with all bettermaker hardware you get the best of both worlds:  the signal path is 100% analog with top quality components and parameters are controlled digitally via front panel touchscreen/controls or remotely with a…  read more »

more product details



 



 



mutec - 										ref10 nano

why do i need this product?

  ref10 nano     the ref10 nano is the compact version of an audiophile 10 mhz reference master clock in the superior quality you should expect from clocking specialist mutec. it is based on the already well-established ref10, but transfers its technology, praised by many customers and reviewers, into a new, significantly lower price…  read more »

more product details







 



installation/signal dist. - 										kickbox 4x4 portable active splitter – 4 input/16 output

why do i need this product?

kickbox 4×4   the kickbox 4×4 is an ‘all terrain’ 4 in/16 out mic/line signal splitter, or “press box.” its extremely high audio quality, robust build and portability make it the ideal tool to provide multiple outputs for live sound, broadcast coverage, sports events, live recording, press conferences, corporate events and any situation where distribution…  read more »

more product details




still not finding what you are looking for? contact us today. we can help!


we are proud of our representation

we partner with nothing but the best when it comes to providing you
with elite audio equipment and information.


 



home
about
press releases
events
blog
international sales
contact
 



contact us:
702.365.5155

7330 smoke ranch road
las vegas,
								nv
89128

fax: 702.365.5145




follow transaudiogroup
facebook
twitter




join our newsletter




© 2025 transaudio group. site by jennifer web design.

 
 










