

solar navigator world sustainability encyclopedia


















 






   

  

t h e   s o l a r    n
  a v i g a t o r


   

  
ai
  - z

 





 
                                 
this website is to do with all things
                                sustainable
                                on planet
                                earth, to educate and influence those who
                                will go out into the world to find new cures, develop new machines and processes, and maybe
                                even explore new worlds. man has come
                                a long way - but still has a way to go - and
                                you can help just by caring.
 
 
 
 
 
 









   
 
the corn exchange, brighton dome -
 leo perrin
 is the youth project lead at the cleaner ocean
                foundation - a not for profit r&d organisation. this is an
                amateur video of a short presentation given on the 13th of june 2024 about the
                
                'green
                hydrogen'  powered elizabeth swann - a
                 zero carbon

 trimaran around 44 meters in length. bristling with state of the art 
tech. this talk (only his second) was given at the launch of the 'sussex
                                bay' re-wilding project, a brilliant initiative to conserve around 100 
miles of  sussex coastline, supported by many authorities and like minded
 concerns.
 
   sustainability
                                is about protecting  life as we know it. in order
                                to do that we have to understand where we have
                                come from, where we are, and where we want to be
                                in 50 or 500 years. but, humans
                                don't think that far ahead. politicians are
                                generally behind the curve with elections quick
                                fixes, catastrophic short term steerage -
                                pandering to big businesses. but it is proven
                                that if you make enough noise, people
                                power can influence world leaders. even
                                where police states are doing their utmost to
                                silence critics - as in the uk - a so-called
                                enlightened country, where the right to protest
                                peacefully has been taken away. enter the cost
                                of living crisis & rampant climate change.
                                politicians remain unaccountable, so do not have
                                to balance the books with nature, on their
                                borrowing merry-go-round, that raises national
                                debts past the point of realistic repayment.
                                effectively, bankrupting their country - and
                                globally warming (roasting) us all into the
                                bargain. enter
                                john
                                storm. a fictional skipper of an
                                intelligent, zero emission vessel, and a staunch
                                ocean conservationist and true solar navigator.
                                hell bent on righting a few wrongs during his
                                awareness adventures - as a progressive thought
                                leader and defender of life on earth.     
                                  
                                
 
 
cover
                                art - a proposed graphic novel to be published
                                in three issues. 
   sustainability
                                is about caring for life and the planet
                                we live on. this takes many forms. we are
                                concerned about  climate change and extinction.
                                we are worried about poverty,
                                hunger and disease.
                                for these reasons we follow the latest trends
                                and report on subjects from a positive point of
                                view.
 this
                                site began as a project to send a fifty foot
                                boat around the world on solar
                                power. the objectives were noble in 1995 and
                                many years ahead of their time. then in may of
                                2012 the turanor
                                planetsolar completed the first solar
                                powered circumnavigation, proving the concept.
 since
                                then wind
                                turbines and solar
                                panel rooftops have become everyday sights,
                                generating far cheaper energy than coal, gas or,
                                radiation deadly, nuclear.
                                electric cars are now a reality in every
                                showroom. we
                                are though concerned about the almost complete lack of infrastructure
                                for electric vehicles that has to be addressed -
                                by statute - to accelerate take up to get
                                anywhere near paris
                                targets. and we are
                                supporters of affordable, zero
                                carbon housing, but are in a minority,
                                because the lack of profit is a disincentive to
                                conventional builders. robotics
                                and computers can
                                help us in all of these quests - such as for  ocean
                                regeneration duties, to
                                help restore our precious seas to their former
                                state and to prevent  over-fishing from degrading
                                our  oceans further.
                                our oceans provide oxygen, food
                                security, and allow us to transport
                                goods internationally for the good of the global
                                economy. blue
                                growth is therefore vital to the health of planet
                                earth and an area of human advancement that
                                needs all of our attention, along with medical
                                research searching for cures for cancer
                                and other diseases.
 thank you for visiting us; live long and
                                prosper.  cof ltd
  
       
 









 

       

       
      



           
      



 

this
site is owned and maintained by the cleaner
ocean foundation ltd

a
not for profit company. copyright © 2022  
the
site contains legacy pages that we are not responsible 
for
the content of, which pages are generally date attributed before 2006.
 


progressive
                                thought in action for true sustainability



 

 



