  unposted – david westerfield trial on in the murder case of danielle van dam 2002 in san diego california     
skip to content
unposted

search for:




menu homethe disappearance of danielle van damwhat happened in danielle van dam’s bedroom?dna and other evidencewesterfield videotaped interrogationtestimonies principal witnesses in david westerfield’s trialthe experts in david westerfield murder trialchild porn ring san diegothe others related and unsolved criminal casesrelease of sealed transcripts in david westerfield trial03/2002 – preliminary hearing – transcript06/2002 – david westerfield trial transcript07/2002 – david westerfield trial transcript08/2002 – david westerfield trial transcript08-09/2002 – penalty phase – transcripttable of contentcontactdavid westerfield – criminal defense in the murder of danielle van damthis site is dedicated to david westerfield, a man whose life has been shattered when, in february 2002, he was accused of abducting and murdering a beautiful little seven year old girl: danielle van dam.i don’t know david westerfield, we are not friends, we are not related and… i believe in his innocence.
i do believe he didn’t abduct or kill anyone.my belief in westerfield’s innocence is based on the result of my personal investigations.
david westerfield did not kill danielle van dam.my interest in the van dams started with the trial of david westerfield, the man accused of having kidnapped and murdered their daughter danielle. my belief in his innocence is the reason why i started this journey in search of evidence to confirm or negate my conviction. when a man is accused of such a horrible act, the only way for him to get his life back, is to show that someone else could have committed that crime.
if you think westerfield is a sick puppy deserving to be hanged to the next tree, i invite you to follow all episodes of my investigation, you might think differently when you are done.
events related on this site are not fictional and are available through public and police records. conclusions are made by the author.
before publishing this site i talked to westerfield’s criminal defense lawyer, contacted both parents of the two missing students and a newspaper regarding the information i found.
still, none of this information became public. i published this site as i believe the public has the right to know about what i discovered.
the site is, for me, the only way to get this information out.welcome to unposted.com.
investigation of a crime, trial and murder in san diego, californiasketch of man wantedman wanted for questioning in michael negrete’s disappearance
left: damon van dam in 2002, in my opinion he happens to have some resemblance with the man wanted for questioning in michael’s case
right: sketch drawn in 1999 portraying the man wanted for questioning in michael negrete's disappearance
2025 - unposted.com       




