faculty of electrical engineering, mathematics and computer science  - university of twente  skip to main contentmenuennederlandsenglishelectrical engineering, mathematics and computer science (eemcs) utfacultieseemcsennederlandsenglishelectrical engineering, mathematics and computer science (eemcs) utfacultieseemcsfaculty of electrical engineering, mathematics and computer science  our security, health and well-being on this planet are increasingly interwoven with an intricate fabric of digital and technological innovations.sustaining and advancing this fabric calls for pioneering researchers. men and women who combine leading-edge knowledge with strong personal skills, such as empathy, broad-mindedness and a readiness to tackle global challenges in international teams. professionals eager and able to turn bits and bytes into solutions for society.at the university of twente’s faculty of electrical engineering, mathematics and computer science (eemcs), we are already cultivating this new calibre of socially engaged technology builders. you can find more information about our faculty on these webpages. electrical engineeringmathematicscomputer sciencethe eemcs moviethe eemcs faculty at the university of twente is cultivating a new calibre of socially engaged technology builders. it does so by combining three strong research disciplines: computer science, electrical engineering and mathematics. how? check out the eemcs movie.latest newsall newsupcoming eventssee all/archivethere are currently no events.student and employee pagesfor students, the student services contact centre is the central point of contact for student news, prodecures, links to systems used by students, etc. the employee portal contains news, events and links to web applications for employees. news and events in the employee portal may contain general ut information, but also specific items for your faculty/department or building. subscribe to other topics of interest to personalise it even more.student information (utwente.nl/students)employee information (utwente.nl/serviceportal)submit news/eventsworking at eemcsall vacancieshistoric study collectionhistoric study collectionthe study collection of the faculty of eemcs was set up in 1979 within the department of electrical engineering - as a continuation of private activities - to prevent older equipment from being lost.read more.related linksut publications (pure)phd defences & inaugural lecturesbsc diploma graduationeemcs colloquiamorestay informed!would you like to stay informed about the latest developments from the faculty of electrical engineering, mathematics and computer science?keep me updated!eemcs faculty officezilverling room 1070053 4894602facultyoffice-eemcs@utwente.nlroutedisclaimer & copyrightprivacy & cookieslast update 06/09/2024closesuggestions