





applied scholastics international | study technology to overcome any learning problem
























































locator



contact us



share













search
















primary links
about uswhat is applied scholastics?
our mission
around the world
faqs
history and background


l. ron hubbard: educatoran introduction
article: “education”
article: “teaching”


education issuesproviding answers
hidden illiteracy
back to basics?


study technologywhat is study tech?
a breakthrough in learningfirst barrier: absence of mass
second barrier: skipped gradient
third barrier: misunderstood word


barriers to study booklet


schools & programsindividualized instruction
the delphi schools
applied scholastics achievement program (asap)
h.e.l.p. — hollywood education and literacy project
world literacy crusade
teacher resources
parent resources
student resources
homeschool resources
community group resources
tutor resources


traininginternational training centertravel and accommodations


professional development
educator institutes
educator training and accreditation
tutor training
work force development trainingrewards and benefits


english as a second language training
certified instructional trainers
certified instructor
curriculum specialists
literacy coaches


resultsresearch papers and studies
endorsements and recognitions
testimonialseducators
students
parents




bookstoreintroductory materials
dictionaries and glossaries
manuals






































international headquarters at spanish lake, st. louis, missouri


study technology creates students eager to learn


educator graduates celebrate effective education tools  


bringing literacy to millions through study technology


an applied scholastics school in florida 


putting the tools of learning into students’ hands 



    
								  1  
										  2  
										  3  
										  4  
										  5  
										  6  
								    




    	resources for:    

teachers 


parents 


students 


homeschool


tutors


community groups













the key toteaching success
   


around the world
   


teacher training
   


international training center
   














did you know?   the us loses $3.7 billion a year in remedial education costs. the answer? >> the solution?>>




did you know?   study tech in zimbabwe produced a 35% increase in literacy. learn more >> the solution?>>




did you know?   7,000 us students drop out of school every day. the answer? >> the solution?>>




did you know?   cutting the us dropout rate would yield $45 billion a year. the answer? >> the solution?>>




did you know?   44 million us parents cannot read to their children. the answer? >>  the solution?>>




did you know?   up to 20% of people in the european union are functionally illiterate. the answer? >> the solution?>>




did you know?   functional illiteracy raises us health costs $73 billion a year. why? >> the solution?>>




did you know?   in the us, one-third of college freshmen need remedial classes. why? >> the solution?>>











home 









individualized instruction: a unique solution to the education crisis







recently one us school district was shocked to learn that fifty percent of its students had test scores below the standard passing grade for their year. faced with the massive strain of holding back over 300,000 students, the district compromised and allowed them to move on regardless. what is the answer? a unique approach. something which breaks the tried-and-failed mode of modern education. and most importantly, something that is both fast and effective. applied scholastics provides those answers through a unique method of individualized instruction.
learn more about our schools & programs 
 
 
improving literacy through applied scholastics methodology
the test of any methodology or technology is whether it gets results. in our fast-paced society of continual progress and new achievement, the demand for educational programs that facilitate learning, conceptual understanding and real-world application is greater than ever. whether you are a teacher or a professor, a parent or a student, applied scholastics can help you meet this demand.
learn more about applied scholastics training 
 
 
special three-day educator institutes

applied scholastics educator institutes, including its three-day workshops, provide, amongst other things:

research-based methods to drive continuous improvement
how to teach children of any learning speed
strategies for repairing student talents in reading, math and science

more information on educator institutes
 








the barriersto study




read or downloadyour free booklet
find out more

﻿
results




educator testimonials
veteran educators express the impact our programs have had in their classrooms 






endorsements
read what ph.d.'s and educational administrators who have examined study technology have to say 






research papers & studies
exacting research shows an increase in literacy and student success 


  







                the education crisis




                hidden illiteracy: the ignorance of ignorance

                twentieth-century philosopher alfred north whitehead once said, "not ignorance,
                but the ignorance of ignorance is the death of knowledge." there is a type of illiteracy
                that threatens us all. it is not the illiteracy where a person is unable to read.
                it is, perhaps, the most dangerous and destructive of all the illiteracies...

learn more





                effective solutions for education




                a breakthrough in learning

                study technology is the breakthrough that undercuts the reasons people are illiterate.
                it is not just another system. study technology is a workable methodology that makes
                it possible for a person to recognize and handle the barriers to successful study.

learn more









tools & tips for educators

find articles, materials and tips to help you improve your skills in such areas as classroom management, engaging disinterested students and maximizing students' learning potential and performance.


learn more



get help with your studies

find articles that will help you untangle your studies and improve your speed and comprehension. or, get assistance in finding a qualified tutor in your area who has been trained in study technology. 


get help



contact a campus registrar

contact an applied scholastics campus registrar now to get the full details on which course or training program fits your needs. also get all the information on fees and accommodations.


contact us



 






site navigation
about usl. ron hubbard: educatoreducation issuesstudy technologytraining on effective learningschools & programsresultsschool & tutor locatorbookstorecontact ussitemap 

major schools & centers
the delphian schoolgreenfields schoolhelp • hollywood education & literacy projectapplied scholastics online academy 








© 1996–2025 applied scholastics international. all rights reserved.
















