




mexico and baja fishing reports, fish pictures, and sportfishing travel resort locations

















baja mexico fishing report archives and fish pictures





fish pictures      mexico fishing report archive








sparky  jumped



 times
before he retired.
good job, sparky!

king of the moon
  a novel of baja california

amazon kindle book $2.99

fish pictures
fish species from mexico
mexico travel
fishing locations
bahia de los angeles
baja california coastal
cabo san lucas
cancun
east cape
ensenada
erendira
huatulco
ixtapa zihuatanejo
la paz
loreto
magdalena bay
mazatlan
mexico
mulege
puerto santo tomas
puerto vallarta
rocky point
san carlos, sonora
san felipe
san jose del cabo
(los cabos)
san quintin
santa rosalia
mexico fishing
report weekly archives

the unforgettable
sea of cortez
baja's golden age
limited edition
second printing

the baja catch
classic baja fishing
guidebook, more than
20 years in print!


























mexico and baja california fishing trip pictures, fishing reports, and
sportfishing locations
the more than nine years of weekly sportfishing reports and photographs archived on this website were gathered from hundreds of resident and traveling anglers and dozens of charter fishing boat fleets at cabo san lucas, around baja california and the sea of cortez, and major mainland mexico pacific and atlantic coast vacation destinations such as puerto vallarta and cancun.










they include current information on species caught, fish counts, charter boat names, beach fishing, conventional and fly fishing guides, the most effective fishing tackle, bait and lures, current sea surface water temperatures, ocean conditions and weather, peak fishing seasons, vacation travel updates, and the names of all reporters, whether they be large cabo san lucas hotel fleets or solo spanish speaking "pangueros" with just one skiff — information that is critical in deciding when and where to fish during your trips to mexico.
the large fish picture & identification section contains  on-the-spot pictures of game fish actually caught during mexico vacations, some quite rare, but also including photos of all the favorites, which have been submitted by anglers.
mexfish.com contains over 5,000 pages, and many thousands of photos, about saltwater deep sea fishing and inshore fishing from pangas, panga motherships, long range boats, cruisers, private boats, charter fishing boats, and from shore. (note that this website includes only incidental information and comments on airline tickets, hotel rooms, and car rentals, mostly as mentioned in the reports of returning anglers.)
particularly useful in answering that eternal question "where and when should i go on my next trip?" are the more than 400 editions of "mexico fishing news" in the fishing report archive section. by browsing through more than nine years of weekly mexico and baja fishing reports and concentrating on the month and location of your planned vacation, you can get a realistic feel for the types of sportfishing opportunities that will probably be available to you during your planned vacation.
peak seasons, articles, and fishing maps for major mexico travel sportfishing areas may be found in the following individual sections:

bahia de los angeles (l.a. bay)  |  
baja california (coastal areas)  |  
cabo san lucas  |  
cancun  |  
east cape
ensenada  |  
erendira  |  
huatulco  |  
ixtapa zihuatanejo  |  
la paz (b.c.s.)  |  
loreto  |  
magdalena bay  |  
mazatlan
mexico (coastal areas)  |  
mulege  |  
puerto santo tomas  |  
puerto vallarta  |  
rocky point (puerto penasco)
san carlos (sonora)  |  
san felipe  |  
san jose del cabo (los cabos)  |  
san quintin  |  
santa rosalia



























fish photos  | the unforgettable sea of cortez  |  
the baja catch  |  
king of the moon

mexico fishing home page | 
mexico fishing report archives  | about



copyright ©










