






dallas private schools | private schools in dallas













































 







































featured schools
explore by grade

pre-k
kindergarten
1st – 5th grade
6th – 8th grade
9th – 12th grade


explore by type

all boys
all girls
boarding
college preparatory
faith-based
language immersion
montessori
special needs


explore a-z
resources

news
articles
links


contact












 














 
slidedallas private schoolsbest private schools in the dallas areathe decision of where to educate their children is one of the most important parents will make. when looking at private vs. public education, often the choices revolve around the smaller campus and family feeling, faith-based programs, and the quality of college preparatory programs. no matter what your reason is for choosing private schools, the dallas area has the one for you! we are here to help ensure that you find that private school which will perfectly fit for your child’s future education.
start searchslideread the latest newsbest private schools in the dallas areahear about new things going on with private school education, teachers, administration, volunteers, and the latest happenings and current events. be just as informed as we are.
read nowslideprivate school directorybest private schools in the dallas areacompare top-rated private schools with this complete private school directory. search for dallas schools by k-12, elementary, middle, and high school grade level or your child’s special needs.
search now 












latest dallas private schools









meadowbrook school
college preparatory
5414 west northwest highway, dallas, tx 75220, usa
learn more..







kingdom collegiate academies
faith-based
1821 w camp wisdom rd, dallas, texas 75232, usa
learn more..







good shepherd episcopal schools
faith-based
11110 midway rd, dallas, tx 75229, usa
learn more..












search top categories






pre-kindergarten  



faith-based schools  





kindergarten  



all boys school  





1st - 5th grade  



all girls schools  





6th - 8th grade  



boarding schools  





9th - 12th grade  



special needs schools  








latest school news














private school benefits and comparisons for families in dallas, texas

an in-depth analysis















how to find the best private school

choosing the right private school for your child is a pivotal decision that can shape your child’s future. with numerous options available, ranging...















back-to-school preparation for dallas private schools

essential tips and strategies















private school alumni networks

photo by edmond dantès how to harness their power for your college journey private school alumni networks hold significant sway in the college...















outdoor education

spring activities to enrich private elementary learning outdoor education plays a crucial role in the all-round development of students,...















the impact of advanced placement courses on college admission from private schools

photo by cottonbro studio insights and benefits advanced placement (ap) courses have long been a fixture in the landscape of american education,...










explore by grade
pre-k kindergarten 1st - 5th 6th - 8th 9th - 12th


explore by specialty
faith-based college preparatory montessori classical language immersion special needs all boys all girls boarding




 









promote your school today!
we are here to make sure your school is reaching out to all audiences and getting in front of potential new students.
contact now










helpful guides



guide to choosing the right private school

exploring faith-based education

5 best private schools in dallas, texas for arts and music

top 10 private schools in dallas, texas for stem programs

preparing for private school entrance exams: tips and strategies



navigating financial aid and scholarships

what to expect: the first year

a parent’s guide to student life

balancing academics and sports

tips for juggling a busy school schedule









explore private schools




all boys
all girls
boarding
college preparatory
faith-based
language immersion
montessori
special needs








© 2025 dallasprivateschools.com




  site managed by 
 




contact
terms
privacy




 






dallas private schools







































