








award-winning public affairs agency | global strategy group


































 









skip to content




 


toggle main menu
communications & public affairs
gsg political
creative & digital
insights

thought leadership
research library
the latest



who we are

about gsg
our culture
team
locations


careers
 













tackle big challenges & win
global strategy group, provoke media’s 2023 public affairs agency of the year, is a full-service communications, research, and public affairs agency.










communications and public affairs
learn more






gsg political
learn more








 

gsg celebrates 30 years of wins
this year, gsg proudly celebrates its 30th anniversary, marking three decades of impactful wins for the nation’s leading businesses, advocacy organizations, and democratic leaders.

			learn more		




latest updates







business and politics

october 16, 2024

new business & politics report finds americans broadly support esg despite right-wing anti-esg campaigns









environment

august 19, 2024

public opinion on climate: the state of play in 2024









gsg reports

july 23, 2024

how hispanic/latino voters are thinking about abortion, the economy, and the role of government 









updates & events

august 22, 2024

prnews people of the year 2024








what it takes to win
what makes gsg special? we explore our team’s passion for their work, and feature some of the people that make gsg stand out.

learn more



















partner with us

								get in touch							






join our team

								learn more							















 new york  •  washington, d.c.  •  chicago  •  denver  •  hartford  •  los angeles  •  nashville  •  philadelphia  •  seattle
 (212) 260-8813 • (202) 525 4125


privacy policy
subscribe
 


follow us


twitter


facebook-f


linkedin-in






			copyright 2025 global strategy group, all rights
			reserved
			
			global strategy group and gsg are registered trademarks of global strategy group, llc
		









we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 






















close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 











