















fishing the missouri trout parks-bennett spring, maramec spring, montauk, roaring
river





 
 
 





fishing 
	the missouri trout parks 
bennett spring state park, 
	maramec spring park,  
montauk state park, and roaring river state park 
by jim washabaughforeword by brandon butler
	capitol city publishing company, inc. isbn 979-8-218-22538-4 
 
 


 
     
     
      
      bennett 
	  spring state park, maramec spring park, montauk state park and roaring 
	  river state park offer some of the best trout fishing you will find 
	  anywhere. written by jim washabaugh with a foreword by brandon butler of
	  driftwood outdoors,
	  fishing the missouri trout parks covers fishing these popular parks with all types of baits, 
	  lures, and flies, with both spinning and fly fishing tackle. 
     
	  this book is an excellent resource for everyone from beginners to 
	  experienced anglers who have been fishing these parks for many years. published 
	  in september of 2023 with over 150 full-color photographs,
	  fishing the missouri trout parks is as 
	  beautiful as it is informative. this is one book that no missouri trout park 
	  angler should be without.
 
    what others are saying 
	about fishing the 
	missouri trout parks:
anyone, expert or novice angler, will find this 
	book a thorough, easy to follow reference upon which to build their trout 
	park success.  even better, the techniques one develops with jim's 
	array of methods and tools will make you a much better trout fisherman 
	anywhere!
- dave murphy, master conservationist
	packed with the combined knowledge of trout park anglers from multiple 
	generations, jim has provided a true gem with his latest work.  no 
	matter your background or experience, there are nuggets of information that 
	will guide you through a fantastic experience in any of missouri's premier 
	trout parks.  pick up extra copies for your fishing buddies.  they 
	will thank you for it. - mark van patten, freshwater fishing hall of 
	fame inductee"may your line always be tight with the fight."
	i applaud jim washabaugh for sharing his passion, experience and expertise 
	in his easy to read and understand manner, making all of us more 
	knowledgeable and skilled anglers, no matter how long we have been enjoying 
	missouri's trout parks!- scott pauley, missouri outdoor ambassador


 
    about the author 
 
    
     jim washabaugh has been fishing the missouri trout 
	parks since the mid-1960s. he has served on the board of directors for 
	capital city fly fishers, the conservation federation of missouri, and the 
	mid-missouri chapter of trout unlimited. on opening day 2004, jim was 
	awarded the number one tag at roaring river state park. he received the 
	nello l. donati memorial award from the mid-missouri chapter of trout 
	unlimited in 2005. 

contents
foreword 
the missouri trout parks
bennett spring state park
maramec spring park
montauk state park
roaring river state park
baits, lures, and flies
tackle and gear
knots and terminal tackle 
	rigs
presentation methods
detecting strikes
setting the hook
playing and landing fish
fishing with floating 
	dough bait
fishing with salmon eggs
fishing with glo-balls
fishing with soft plastic 
	worms
fishing with inline spinner lures
fishing with jigs
fishing with streamers
fishing with nymphs
fishing with wet flies
fishing with dry flies
getting the most out of 
	fishing the parks
conservation



available from these retailers
(listed in alphabetical order) 
	  
 



 
anglers outfitters 


	bass pro shops
    
	

bennett spring state park - park store   


	cabela's

	conservation federation of missouri
    
downtown book & toy  
	

feather-craft fly fishing

hidden valley outfitters
k & k fly fishers  
	larry's 
	orvis shop


lebanon route 66 museum - kinderhook treasurers gift shop  
	

maramec museum of 
	natural and cultural history   
    
maramec spring park - park store   
montauk lodge
 
	

roaring river state park - 
	park store  
    
skylark bookshop  
	

t. hargrove fly fishing, inc.

tim's fly shop     
weaver's tackle store   
	

 





 


 
 


 
 




 


 
© 2024 capitol city publishing co., inc.
	p.o. box 7116jefferson city, mo  65102capitolcitypubco@gmail.com

 
 
 





