













department of horticulture and crop science | hcs























































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



hcs 

hcs
https://hcs.osu.edu




department of horticulture and crop science












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

homeundergraduatemajorsminorscoursesstudent clubsresourcesgraduatems programphd programcourseshcs graduate student associationforms + resourcesour peoplefacultyemeritus facultystaffgraduate studentsresearchundergraduate researchextension/outreachaboutnewsclassrooms - conference roomsearnings analysispositions available 







features








        adventures at the 2025 sports field management association's conference      

        check out the highlights      





 
 
 





 




department of horticulture and crop science





the department of horticulture and crop science faculty & staff are committed to providing an excellent educational experience for you. we offer in depth learning experiences, scientific discovery, research opportunities, and respected academics for both undergraduates & graduate students - if you're interested in controlled environment agriculture, sustainable agriculture, agroecology, agronomy, horticulture, plant biosciences, turfgrass science or professional golf management we have the program, cutting edge research & extension teams perfect for you. come grow with us!
 



 



news



  
  
 gcsaa from evan flory's point of view 
 turfgrass science student, evan, just got back from the 2025 golf course superintendents association of america (gcsaa) conference and show - check out some highlights from evan's experience...
 

  
 turf students place 5th in the gcsaa turf bowl! 
 shoutout to jake miller, zach beier, evan flory, and trevor sheets on this achievement. get a glimpse into the conference and competition...
 

  
 thriving in your first semester of grad school: essential tips for success 
 who better to dole out advice on this topic - than some grad students who just thrived in their first semester of grad school! see what tips sumita + frolence have for anyone considering grad school...
 
 

more news 
 



videos




 
video of student spotlight: grant wilder

 
 student spotlight: grant wilder
video of student spotlight: grant wilder

  

 
video of student spotlight: annika anderson

 
 student spotlight: annika anderson
video of student spotlight: annika anderson

  


more videos 
 

 







search form

search 





 



interact with us

instagram
twitter
facebook
youtube
 



front page buttons

apply now - graduate
apply now - undergraduate
contact us
courses
 



in the press




 1/29 
 join drs. alex + laura lindsey as they discuss "climate challenges in soybean production" in a free webinar on february 28th!
science for success  

 12/10 
 dr. doug karcher receives honorary life membership award from the ohio turfgrass foundation
ohio turfgrass foundation  

 12/5 
 john kohler (sps: agronomy student) receives golden opportunity scholars award from the america society of agronomy.
american society of agronomy  


more press 
 

 









college of food agriculture and environmental sciences
© 2025, the ohio state university



questions? reach out to us at hcs@osu.edu
department of horticulture and crop science
202 kottman hall
2021 coffey road, columbus, oh 43210
phone: 614-292-2001
fax: 614-292-7162
department of horticulture and crop science
119 williams hall
1680 madison avenue, wooster, oh 44691
phone: 330-263-3878
fax: 330-263-3887


 

accessibility accommodation

  if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map







footer site menu

give now
login
 

 




interact with us

instagram
twitter
facebook
youtube
 





the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati







 












