

















flower mound, tx - official website | official website









  















skip to main content























    living      playing      doing business      government      how do i?  


 

 

 

 

 





 










      





 
 













search







 
 
 

 












 














agendas & minutescouncil, boards & committees








watch meetingsstreaming video










 
 














online paymentsutility, court & permit fees








trash & recyclingservices, holiday schedule & rates










 
 














employmentcurrent opportunities








notify me®manage subscriptions










 
 
 



 














parks & recreation








library








adventure guide








construction updates








development services










 
 
 


























 














it's your call!972.539.servcall us with any questions or concerns, or use the button below to electronically submit municipal service and facility repair requests, report code violations, identify community beautification issues, or obtain information about town services. 
 






  
 
 














report a concern / ask a question








reach us after hours










 
 
 







 





town news & upcoming events


 
 
 













update: prescribed burn at murrell park moved to thursday, feb. 20 

due to forecasted winds on wednesday, the 10-acre prescribed burn at murrell park will now take place on thursday, feb. 20.				read on...







upper trinity regional water district offers free irrigation system checkups 

as part of the program, a licensed irrigator will schedule a one-hour, free check-up to make sure your system is functioning properly and efficiently.				read on...







construction on morriss road near forest vista drive to begin monday, february 10 

the town’s contractor will replace concrete panels on southbound morriss road just before forest vista drive, near the children’s courtyard daycare facility. weather permitting, construction is expected to be complete by monday, march 10.				read on...






view all articles




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












thu, feb 20  

notice of drawing for place on ballot

notice of drawing for place on ballotread on






thu, feb 20  

town council work session

town council work sessionread on





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 





stay connected with flower mound


 
 
 














in this episode of the moore you know, mayor moore talks with a representative of the spirit of flower mound special olympics team about their impact in our community and why they’ve participated in the town's christmas parade for the past 16 years! 
 




like most places right now, the town of flower mound is hiring! check out this video featuring some of our hardworking, creative employees. if you'd like to join our team, visit www.flowermound.gov/jobs.  
 




as of oct. 1, the town of flower mound is operating under a new budget. this special report from the fmtv studio breaks down what the new budget means for flower mound taxpayers, as well as all the crucial services the town offers. you can also find the fiscal year 2024-2025 budget online at www.flowermound.gov/budget.
 






  
 
 



 














blue ribbon bond committee the committee was appointed by town council to evaluate potential facilities, parks and trails, and street reconstruction projects for a possible 2025 bond election.learn more and get involved.








reserve tennis and pickleball courtsthe town has multiple tennis and pickleball courts available for use by the community daily from 6 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. you can make court reservations up to one week in advance. new users will need to create an account to sign in and reserve a court.reserve a court.








property searchcheck out the new tool on our economic development website to search available commercial properties in town. sort by location, property type, listing type, price, and more.explore.










 
 
 



 







contact us







2121 cross timbers roadflower mound, tx 75028phone: 972.874.6000
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







about flower mound



code of ordinances



gis maps







public information requests



the flower mound



welcome guide









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







contact us



home



site map



accessibility









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 















 






  
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









