




ev rider mobilizers battery powered mobility scooters















ev-rider battery powered mobility scooters
2 decades of years experience providing mobility solutions






acorn stair lifts
























royale 4 mobility scooter

a luxurious four-wheeled big-sized scooter that features an all-digital display panel, automatic speed reduction and a fully-independent suspension system.

full suspension and a top speed of up to 9.3mph / 15kmh
digital tritium display with odometer, actual speed, trip meter, battery indicator, ambient temperature sensor
complete light package with blinkers contained within mirror covers
aluminum alloy wheel rims
colors: burgundy, midnight black, diamond silver


$4199.00 + s&h
technical specifications



















royale 3 mobility scooter

a luxurious three-wheeled big-sized scooter that features an all-digital display panel, automatic speed reduction and a fully-independent suspension system.

full suspension and a top speed of up to 9.3mph / 15kmh
dual disc brakes with no roll back on inclined surfaces
digital tritium display with speed, time, trmperature, battery usage
running lights and dual mirrors with front facing signal blinkers
tiller adjustment - infinite
seat upgrades:  captain style with 20" width, a seatbelt, adjustable armrests and a 300° swivel
aluminum alloy wheel rims
colors: burgundy, midnight black, diamond silver


$3999.00 + s&h
technical specifications



















minirider mobility scooter

the minirider's compact size provides loading flexibility for individuals who might not have considered a disassembling scooter. it's folding mobility seat has deep cushions and it comes width adjustable flip-up armrests for maximum comfort.

deluxe seat with armrests
disassembles easily
load capacity - 275 lbs / 125 kg
motor -400 watt motor
range up to 15 miles/ 24 km on a single charge
tires - solid flat free
includes 18ah batteries
colors: metallic red and metallic blue


$699.00 + s&h
technical specifications



















riderxpress mobility scooter

the riderxpress scooter is the only transportable scooter on the market with full suspension. the riderxpress has the stability of a four (4) wheel scooter with the turning radius of a three (3) wheeler, providing the customer greater maneuverability. it is the only small, disassembling scooter available with a mono-shock suspension and a standard size (not mini) transaxle. with a 300 lb load capacity and 4 wheels, the riderxpress can transport higher weight individuals with a stability not usually found in portable scooters. the folding mobility seat has deep cushions and armrests that flip up and/or can be adjusted laterally.

a 4-wheel scooter with 3-wheel turning radius
standard transaxle (not mini) and 70amp controller
only small scooter with rear true mono-shock suspension
300 lb weight capacity
heaviest components is only 46 lb
includes 20ah batteries
10" x 3" flat free/solid alloy wheels
disassembles in seconds for easy hand-carry and storage
colors: metallic red and metallic blue


$1199.00 + s&h
technical specifications




















$1,599.00 + s&h
includes optional
lithium batteries
technical specifications






transport mobility scooter

ready for transport and easily folded, the transport scooter is perfect for the active traveler. disassembly is a snap, this foldable scooter was designed for your active lifestyle. sealed gel batteries makes this travel scooter airline safe; make sure to check with your carrier booking your flight.


the transport foldable scooter is super portable and a great space saver! is sleek, stylish and extremely easy to operate.it features a weight capacity of 250 lbs. and a top speed of 4 mph. the scooter total weight is 60 lbs. only with the optional lithium batteries, and 53 lbs. without the batteries.


you can comfortably ride the transport travel folding scooter in both indoor and outdoors. when traveling, this environmental friendly scooter, it easily folds up and rolls into small spaces like a closet or in the corner. for safety and added security, the transport scooter is key operated and features a speed control dial so you can control the maximum speed.

a true one, two, three-step folding/travel scooter
unique design uses unusual folding concept
easy to lug around at home, hotels or airports
can be stowed upright in any closet or corner
powerful 270 watt 4-pole motor
articulated front end adds to greater stability
10 to 15 mile range per charge
colors: metallic paradise blue with metallic silver accents





















move-x rollator

the most compact rollator in the world . this latest generation of rollator is amazingly light, comfortable and durable. the move-x folding in a second on your index fingers makes the rollator extremely compact for transportation. this work of art is like a luxury car, which makes you feel confident using it. with move-x, you will no longer find it difficult to go out. it's a beautiful day, go out and enjoy. move to the wonderful life.

very easy and fast to fold and unfold
extremely light weight
excellent brakes, curb lifter and edge guard
stands securely folded for easy storage
extremely compact when folded for transportation.
excellent for users who travel by car, train, bus or airplane
12 ball bearings in the wheels and forks provide excellent driving comfort


call for price + s&h
technical specifications



























































to order call toll free 1 877 570-6961
check out amish creations for top quality pennsylvania amish built products

gazebo, pavilion, pergola, cabana & sheds, fine furniture, swingsets










