









guide to northwest new jersey by skylands visitor magazine























toggle navigation   

new jersey's great northwest!



outdoors 


recreation
nature & wildlife
parks & preserves


destinations 

attractions
daytrips & tours
farms


heritage 

history
arts & culture



activity guide 


events
maps















 






the personality of northwest new jersey skylands
“skylands” is simply a perspective; a way of looking at and appreciating northwestern new jersey. “thinking skylands” endeavors to meld those characteristics shared by the constituent counties, towns, ridges, valleys, country roads and sections of interstate into a comprehensive portrait; one more attentive to geographic, cultural, and historical attributes than county and municipal borders. explore the remarkable personality of this place!
officially, the skylands
          region refers to northwest new jersey and includes the counties of
	        morris, somerset, hunterdon, warren, and sussex. destinations just beyond
          those borders, in neighboring counties and states (pennsylvania and
	    new york), are equally intriguing and convenient, so don't be confused
	    if you come across some of those here.









the region contains two national parks at its edges, 60,000 acres of state parkland, and a diverse and beautiful geography filled with lakes, rivers and picturesque hills dotted with farms.
the region's rustic nature is perfectly complemented by many vigorous towns and villages that offer wonderful entertainment, shopping and dining opportunities, fine museums, theaters and accommodations.

and there is a year round schedule of festivals, arts & crafts fairs, performance, exhibits, and educational events in new jersey's great northwest.




think skylands! 

make it a point to get out and enjoy the pleasures of the season. we’ve collected lots of ideas for you
  and your family. some may be obvious, some might surprise you. we hope we’re helpful when you’re planning an afternoon, a weekend, or perhaps a permanent relocation to new jersey. 

 






ice fishing

the first fishable ice (three inches or more) usually forms by sometime in mid to late december. then you can head out onto the fishable coves on such impoundments as lake hopatcong, lake wawayanda, swartswood lake, paulinskill lake, cranberry lake, lake musconetcong, budd lake, mountain lake, or any other frozen body of water in where you can gain public access.
mines, metal and men

there is a thread of heritage and industry that began in the new jersey highlands centuries ago, before america officially started. if you know about it, a ride on the interstate becomes a little more interesting as you approach the hills on the horizon, passing through corridors cut through the earth. and turning off onto a county highway becomes a tour through some of the richest history in america when you really know where you ar
origins of warren county

on november 20, 1824, legislation entitled “an act to erect the southwesterly part of sussex county into a separate county, to be called the county of warren” was passed by the council and general assembly of the state of new jersey.
tracks of our tears

the 9/11 national memorial trail links with the paulinskill valley trail in knowlton township and is marked by a restored three-sided stone fireplace left from a demolished nineteenth century farmhouse.


coyotes: the life of wiley

a sharp yip travels across a dark field by lamington road. more yips, then howls, then yip-howls follow. people in a nearby lot freeze, car keys in their hands, as the canine version of a devil's fugue increases in tempo. the sound moves west, following a line of woods one hundred yards distant and not nearly distant enough
winter bird watching

hastened by the first blanketings of snow, the shortened days of winter in the skylands afford a chilly but unequaled opportunity to draw closer to nature and to enjoy the quiet that descends with the withdrawal of activity to the indoors. on these cold days, while local countryside vistas remain open and unshrouded by their canopy of leaves, the fields, forests, and woodlands of our region are prime for the pastime of winter birdwatching.
winter outdoors

looking for a new relationship? well, how about you and northwest new jersey; perfect together? the landscape is frigid and quiet, yet stunningly attractive. somebody's got to take some action here. if you don't do it, somebody else will!
winter vistas

the winter season has its own wonders that merit braving the cold. in fact there are intrepid hikers that don't take to the trails until the branches are bare, in search of vistas from ice formations to sun glistening on a freshly fallen snow. 


cross country skiing

nordic skiing represents an easy glide through woods and gentle valleys surrounded by the sparkling serenity of freshly fallen snow.equipment is simple, straightforward and inexpensive, with little risk of injury. 
fly tying

fishing for trout with flies is like solving a puzzle. the current, the fish, the bugs under the surface and in the air all seem indecipherable. the clues are there however, and the code can sometimes, although by no means always, be broken.
search for eagles

a series dr. s. marie kuhnen memorial field trips, sponsored by the brandwein institute, searches for eagles in the upper delaware valley.
whippany river

if ever there was a river that expresses new jerseyans' attitude toward their state's natural resources, the whippany river is it.


core values

many, many stories adorn the history of the highlands. but what about the future? what are the significant challenges ahead for our cherished home? that question has an easy answer: climate change.
preserve, protect, restore

friends groups, as we know them in relation to many of our parks and precious historic sites, are surely bound by their commitment to community and stewardship. always not-for-profit and volunteer driven, with the occasional paid executive director, friends groups connect people to natural places, as well as to our heritage, while enhancing the role of public lands in local communities.
the morris canal greenway

the morris canal greenway encompasses part of the historic morris canal's alignment and is a cooperative effort of the new jersey division of parks and forestry, the canal society of new jersey, waterloo village and friends of the morris canal. as you walk the greenway you will see the remains of canal features, including inclined planes, locks, canal bed, and historic industries and communities directly related to the morris canal's operations.
watershed moments

left to its own devices, every drop of rain that falls in warren county eventually finds its way to the delaware river. the route each drop takes is determined by what is known as a watershed, an area of land that drains into a creek, stream, river or lake. the long linear river valleys of the paulins kill, pequest river, pohatcong creek, lopatcong creek and musconetcong, which run generally parallel from northeast to southwest, are main channels for flow across the county towards its western border, all part of the larger delaware river watershed.







  stay in touch!


donate!
like many other small, independent and specialized information sources, our budget will increasingly rely on reader donations. help us keep you informed about all the great stuff to do in and around northwest new jersey! we will continue to post stories, profiles and scheduled events  and you're welcome to sign up to receive our free weekly newsletter.   you can review the latest newsletter here, and of course you'll be able to unsubscribe anytime. and if you like what we offer, we hope you'll consider a contribution.


contact

site contents and info
questions and comments
908-982-8255
advertising and promotions
privacy statement


https://www.njskylands.com
				revised: january, 2024
1996-2024 guest services, llc 



 

















