







hawaiian ecosystems at risk project (hear)



























hawaiian ecosystems at risk project (hear)



invasive species information for hawaii and the pacific








hear closing  current status (read more...)
your browser does not support javascript, or has it disabled.  to see the content behind the previous link, either enable javascipt and reload your page; "view source" of this page; or contact: webmaster@hear.org

[hide this content]


as of 17 may 2013:

hear funding has ceased as of 31 december 2012.  the only parts of the hear website that are currently being maintained are the pacific island ecosystems at risk project (pier) and the conservation jobs listings.  the hear-maintained e-mail discussion lists are still available, but maintenance will be extremely limited.  all hear support is currently being done by volunteers.
the hear website is scheduled to remain available online indefinitely (due to the gracious support of pcsu), and was moved to a more stable server situation in early 2013.
hear-maintained internet mailing lists will continue to be available for the indefinite future, but user issues/requests (including moderation/new subscriber approval [for those lists needing it]) will likely take longer to be handled between now and mid-january (as all support is on being handled by volunteers).
starr images will remain available on a new site (starrenvironmental.com).  (other hear imagery will continue to be available at its current location [hear.smugmug.com])
job listings will probably continue to be available (thanks to the volunteer efforts of former hear employee patty nakao (but they may not be updated as frequently).
the hear announcements page will likely be discontinued almost immediately.
additions and updates to hear species information pages will be discontinued (although the existing pages will remain available).
the pacific island ecosystems at risk (pier) subsite (www.hear.org/pier) will continue to be maintained (as always, thanks to the heroic volunteer efforts of jim space).  it is planned that future updates will be uploaded to the hear website by a volunteer (already in place).

please direct any questions about these or other facets of hear status to: webmaster@hear.org






hear closing  a message from dr. david duffy... (read more...)
your browser does not support javascript, or has it disabled.  to see the content behind the previous link, either enable javascipt and reload your page; "view source" of this page; or contact: webmaster@hear.org

[hide this content]


a message from dr. david duffy, pacific cooperative studies unit (pcsu), university of hawaii (posted 05 november 2012):

because of a lack of funds, hear (www.hear.org) may close as soon as december 15, although there may be enough funds to extend it until february 15. this will mean several things. the web site will be placed on a new server although it is not clear who will pay for the server or for transitioning the site. hear data will not  be updated. the pacific ecosystems at risk (pier) site will also become frozen, as will numerous books, reports and papers. as software evolves we will likely lose the ability to access the data. the various list servers will need new owners, otherwise moderated lists will cease to function altogether, while other lists will not be able to add or delete members.  the starr photo collection will remain accessible, but only through a third party site that will charge for access.

i should point out that we have already lost the original home of the pacific basin information node (pbin) website, although it has found temporary refuge.  together with hear, this site represents the corporate memory both here in hawaii and across the pacific of efforts to sustain our natural ecosystems and agriculture against problems caused by species alien to the islands. hear also serves as the glue that holds the community together, providing information and facilitating communication. i just hope hindsight is kind to this decision.






hear closing  what you can do to help... (read more...)
your browser does not support javascript, or has it disabled.  to see the content behind the previous link, either enable javascipt and reload your page; "view source" of this page; or contact: webmaster@hear.org

[hide this content]


many people have asked "what can i do to help?" with respect to the possible shutdown of the hawaiian ecosystems at risk (hear) project, so here it is:


read dr. duffy's appeal (which includes important information about what we are trying to achieve--in short, stable long-term funding).
read the more in-depth summary of hear functions [pdf] to get a better understanding of the scope of hear's functionality.
send your suggestions to the save-hear list.  (note that the list archives are also available via that link.  the list archives are public; no need to be a member of the list in order to view them.) (if you have any questions about the list, please address them to hearlistadmin@hear.org.)














	 
	







		about hear



search hear


hear site map

contact hear




announcements



conservation jobs





		hear on facebook



hoike curriculum



pier



iscs



hisc



cgaps



hcbfs



nisic



pbin



starr



















the mission of the hawaiian ecosystems at risk project (hear) is to provide technology, methods, and information to--and to facilitate communication among--decision-makers, resource managers, and the general public to help support effective science-based management of harmful non-native species and the resources affected by them in hawaii and the pacific.










	the problem
	







	species info
	







	full-text articles
	







	books
	







	images
	









	the silent invasion
	







	plants of hawaii
	







	global weeds (gcw)
	







	cultivated weeds
	







	definitions
	









	galapagos islands
	







	organizations
	







	e-mail lists
	







	presentations
	







	alternatives to invasives
	









	getting started
	







	mystery plants
	







	weed lists
	







	monitoring database
	







	miconia in hawaii
	









	hnis database
	







	volunteer on maui
	







	additional resources
	







	hear bibliography
	








	hear site map
	

























webmaster's pick









strawberry guava biocontrol





"restoring natural balance to hawaii's forests and watersheds with the help of a bug...." [more...]





webmaster's pick archives
all previous postings to the hear webmaster's pick are available online.















featured species









lobate lac scale


lobate lac scale, a serious pest of many tree and shrub species, was confirmed to be on oahu by hdoa personnel in october, 2012.  (scientific name: paratachardina pseudolobata [hemitera: kerriidae])






















hear on facebook














hear now has a facebook page.






























 (hints)














to report a pest, call 643-pest (7378) toll-free from anywhere in hawaii!
[more info...]


















news phlash archives


archival hear news phlashes (all previous postings to this section) are also available online.






















some documents posted on the hear website are in adobe acrobat pdf format. if your computer is not already set up to read these files, you can download the free adobe acrobat reader.  you can set up most web browsers to automatically invoke this reader (as a "helper application" or "add-in") upon encountering documents of  this type (refer to your browser's documentation for how to do this).













the hawaiian ecosystems at risk project (hear) is currently funded by grants from the hau'oli mau loa foundation and the u.s. forest service with support from pcsu (uh manoa).  historically, hear has also received funding and/or support from the pacific basin information node (pbin) of the national biological information infrastructure (nbii), pierc (usgs), the usfws, hcsu (uh hilo), and hale (nps).







comments?  questions?  send e-mail to:  webmaster@hear.org.  (additional contact info is also available online.)








this page was created 27 may 1997 by pt, and was last updated on
 06 september 2022 
 by pt.












