



  



jane austen at the republic of pemberley












































↓ 






jane austen at the republic of pemberley
 









home
menu ↓

skip to primary content
skip to secondary content

home
community pages

facebook discussion group
announcements
rop affiliates and subscriptions
faq & links
jane austen events
pemberley meetings
love and freindship (september 11, 2001)
terms of use


special jane austen pages

jane austen information page
jane austen gazetteer
l&t knowledge base
jane austen locations
jane austen characters


related reading

digital texts of jane austen’s work
jane austen’s letters
bits of ivory archive


facebook discussion group
about us
  
 




 


 



home


welcome to the home of the republic of pemberley.  this is our second move since 2014 and  is our final attempt to retrench. in this newer, more streamlined place, you will find that some things have changed and some remain the same.
the pemberley shoppe has added a new section for jane austen face masks. if you would like something that doesn’t appear, contact manager@pemberley.com and we’ll try to make it for you.
we have added love & freindship, an archive or our community’s response the events of september 11, 2001. thanks to kathleen (elder) for creating this document from our old forum.
this page is your front door.  the menu bar under the header has drop-down menus that will take you to any page on the site.  this drop down menus will appear at the top of every page with the exception of of our html pages.
we have closed our discussion boards and have opened up a facebook discussion group. join us there. we’ll still be talking about the same things.
our life and times archives is being used to populate the l&t knowledge base (on the special jane austen pages menu). this is a work in progress. please bear with us.
many of the subsidiary pages will look familiar. some won’t.  don’t hesitate to email manager@pemberley.com if you have any questions.
although it’s a bit smaller, we’ve worked hard to make this new site even better than the old one while preserving as much of the pemberley look as possible. we hope you continue to enjoy it.












search for:


follow us! 
site announcements

 






 
 

 


 











 © 2004 - 2021 the republic of pemberley

  





↑





 


