

superdrewby gay and lesbian online community - home page

























there are xxx superdrewby members, join for free now!







home
about

about drew
advertise on site
awards

members


channels

gay sex guide
fitness guide
advice & columns
your stuff
gay city guide
superdrewby unzipped
activism
gay news
blogs
film & tv
music
cool stuff
websites


eye candy

featured guys
chris summerfield
top ten cute guys
underwear debate
twins

stories

short stories
submit a story

contact


 


 featured eye candy! archived eye candy             new & updated erotic stories!  saving zach new january 2010 life at a private school  completed december 2009 the story of tim and josh as they fall in love at a private school in sydney. cherokee morning song completed january 2010cherokee morning song is a story about jeremy, a teenager who's parents move with him from california to oklahoma. jeremy not only discovers his cherokee heritage, but his sexuality. this story may not be for those who are looking for a story just about gay sex. sex is included in the story only when it is part of the story. life or something like it new feb 2010 a honesuckle home new feb 2010  evan's story updated may 26 2008a personal story of self discovery by evan.    new erotic short stories brown gold     erotic stories recently updated» the prison screw   » nick's dark spark  » a quick retreat » evergreen academy & the golden club » reclaiming austin » meet me in the band room» give me a reason        featured articles, advice & musings  because i don’t agree with homosexuality doesn’t mean i’m homophobic!we like to think that we live in a scientific age, but for many groups this is just too big of a step to take just yet. science has changed the way we see the world in just about every way. when the bible was first written, there was no internet, there were no history books for research, and most of the people (about 97%) were illiterate. an argument against homophobes who just don't get it!  sometimes blue - superdrewby's very own blogafter a nearly three year hiatus, i have re-launched my blog as 'sometimes blue'. the blog will be updated at least evry other day, sometimes more than once a day. the blog chronicles my thoughts, rants and my obsessions with my current obsession being my fat bastard status and my struggle to stay motivated to get fit again! there will also be lots of happy snaps of cute guys every day along with regular porn site updates in addition to the superdrewby unzipped section! queer religion wars by ben tousleyit seems that everyone has their own opinions about the bible and homosexuality, and i worry about delving into the fray since there is already so much information available on the subject. due to the fact that i think so highly of the people i come into contact with, i thought i would take on a few of my favorites christian objections, and go from there.  the heart of the roamthe heart of the roam is a taiwanese male photography book, from the acclaimed photographer otis uang. three sexy taiwanese guys are photographed together and in the great outdoors showing off their beautiful bodies.   a guide to reparative therapiesa unique insight into the world of ex-gays and the reparative "therapies" they promote. written by ben tousely ex--ex gay author or egypt why i left the ex-gay movement  the gay man's instruction guide m.d craig the author of ice sculptures, has published the definitive guide for all gay men – the gay man’s instruction manual. something different for craig, this is a guide for all of us who need some direction in our life, more than just what to wear out clubbing on a saturday night.   reviews jason mrazsuperdrewby recently caught up with the very talented and very hot jason mraz during his whirlwind tour of australia promoting his third album mr, a-z.  
[an error occurred while processing this directive]






  print

 send page





 feedback
  favorites








superdrewby's mission "to provide a safe and positive role model for gays and lesbians on the web." more














the gay sex guide 
everything you wanted to know but 
 were too afraid to ask

fitness guide 
get fit and stay fit by working & 
 eating well, a superdrewby special

support database 
find support 
 organsiations and queer groups around the world

gay & lesbian news 
keep up to date on the gay 
 & lesbian news from around the world

the gay city guide 
where to go out, where to eat, 
 what to see, the definitive gay city guide!

gay short films 
the superdrewby guide to all of the best
 gay short films and tv spots!



privacy | terms of use | copyright
contact | sitemap








