










home - the international ecotourism society



















































































































search









  
home
about us


ties overview

our mission 
our members & partners 
our story 
project summaries

20th anniversary: innovation leadership in sustainable tourism 




what is ecotourism 
 
 


 
 





africa 
asia pacific 
central america and the caribbean 
europe 
north america 
oceania 
south america 





programs

ecotourism and sustainable tourism conference 2022 
certificate in sustainable tourism management 
ecotourism master class series 
ties internship program 


membership


organization membership

join now 


professional membership

join now 


overview

5 reasons why joining ties is a smart choice 
membership policies 
member code of conduct 
member testimonials 


 



for members

membership area 
log in 
register 



















 







ecotourism and sustainable 

tourism conference 2023 

join us and hundreds of global tourism professionals for the premier international conference 

international registration now open! click here 

 on ecotourism and sustainable tourism. 

estc 2023 luxor egypt 

live september 8 -11th 2023 







what is ecotourism? 

 

learn the history and significance of ecotourism. 

learn more 







welcome to the ties awards 

september 9th 2023 luxor egypt 

ecotourism and sustainable tourism awards and gala dinner
 

learn more 







recommended eco tours 

 

worldwide ecotourism tours recommended by ecotourism.org 

learn more 



 

















become a member today!

engage, empower & inspire

representing the voices of stakeholders from all corners of the world, ties’ global network supports and is supported by members from over 190 countries, who are leading the vital efforts to make travel and tourism more sustainable.


watch video
find out more








what is ties?

founded in 1990, the international ecotourism society has been on the forefront of the development of ecotourism, providing guidelines and standards, training, technical assistance, and educational resources.
learn more

















the international ecotourism society (ties) is the oldest and largest ecotourism society in the world.




0

years actively

advocating for ecotourism





0+

active members

consisting of professional, individuals & organizations





0+

countries

actively participated in ecotourism























latest news & articles:





16 february 2021february 16, 2021ecotourismtokat makes a move for sustainability and gastronomy tourism in 2021
the distinguished city of tokat, turkey, an archaeologically significant city rich in history, culture and nature will host the 16th ecotourism and sustainable tourism conference of the international ecotourism society (ties) in 2021. after this exciting announcement, we had a conversation with tokat’s esteemed mayor, attorney eyüp eroğlu.

 





07 february 2020february 7, 2020ecotourismecotourism – a path towards better conservation
ecotourism offers an important tool for both mankind and nature.

 





16 january 2020january 17, 2020ecotourismazerbaijan ecotourism association established to foster sustainable tourism
encouraged by the recent sustainable reforms introduced by the government of president ilham aliyev, a group of experienced professionals has...

 





16 october 2019october 16, 2019ecotourismfourth annual armenia ecotourism conference: key stakeholders gather to discuss the future of ecotourism connected with protected areas
the fourth annual armenian] ecotourism conference was held on august 30-31. the event was organized by the aua acopian center for the environment. in partnership with the tourism committee of the ministry of economy of the republic of armenia (ra), ra ministry of environment, wwf armenia and transboundary joint secretariat funded by the kfw german state-owned development bank and the international ecotourism society (ties)

 





25 september 2019september 25, 2019ecotourismresponses to the international ecotourism society’s september 2019 survey
we received 971 viable survey responses from 91 countries in every continent.  we received the largest number of responses from the usa, but we were heartened to receive responses from sudan, palestinian territories, israel, venezuela, bhutan, montenegro, bosnia and herzegovina, nepal, cote d’ivoire and iran, along with 80 other nations.

 





19 july 2019july 31, 2019ecotourismecotourism is the solution to overtourism
overtourism does not result from ecotourism, and the principles of those who extol increasing tourism revenue to a destination at any cost are completely antithetical to those of ecotourism.  overtourism—which in its simplest form is tourism that harms communities by overuse or destruction of resources through overcrowding—stems from a lack of concern about destination community health and welfare.  again, this is entirely the opposite of the fundamental tenet of ecotourism.  

 





18 july 2019july 18, 2019andrew mseriecotourism hotspots in tanzania include wildlife safari national parks and kilimanjaro trails lemosho
ecotourism vacation is becoming more and more important because tourists are seeking natural beautiful destinations in order to see beautiful...

 





15 july 2019july 15, 2019ecotourismthe state of ecotourism
 scientific research proves that the state of the world is in peril.  take for instance, the environment.  already biodiversity has been reduced to the lowest levels in human history.  we have lost 25% of all bird species, 24% of mammal species, 11% of plant species, and 24% of coral reefs.  ecotourism has the potential to combat these issues.

 





30 april 2019april 30, 2019ecotourismnewsweek: world wildlife day 2019: the 15 biggest threats to the world’s oceans
travelling locally might not be super glamorous, but it’s often cheaper and teaches you about your own area—and it’s much less polluting. if you want to go further afield, the international ecotourism society can point you in the direction of some holidays that won’t hurt the planet.

 





07 january 2015april 30, 2019ecotourismties announces ecotourism principles revision
washington, dc — effective january 1, 2015, the international ecotourism society (ties) has revised its definition and principles, created by the...

 


































resources 
ecodestinations
certification & standards
climate change and tourism
indigenous knowledge
ecotourism awards


news & media 
latest articles
latest news
job boards


about us 
our mission
our story
our members & partners


 












			the international ecotourism society © 2019 / all rights reserved1.		






this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. 
acceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled 


necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






								non-necessary							


non-necessary
 


any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.












save & accept










 































skip to toolbar

about wordpresswordpress.orgdocumentationsupportfeedbacklog inregistersearch 



