























ectorcad.org












ector county appraisal district
1301 e 8th streetodessa, texas 79761-4703
monday through friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pmphone:432-332-6834ector@ectorcad.org






last update unpaid tax amounts:

february 11, 2025 
payments made after this date are not reflected in unpaid tax amounts.









navigation

home

property records search

search mineral property

owner name
owner number

search inactive accts with unpaid taxes

owner name
account number

about ecad

board of directors
taxpayer liaison officer
board meeting agendas
appraisal review board
arb agendas
confidential information policy
educational offerings
holiday schedule
public notice


general

appraisal information
building your tax amount
important deadlines
homestead documentation
protest procedures
delinquent tax information

taxpayer alerts

job openings
frequently asked questions


annual reports

bpp depreciation
cap rates
mineral appraisal parameters
utility usage (govt code chapter 2265)
mass appraisal report
reappraisal plan
truth in taxation 5 year summary
ecad annual report
current year's ecad budget
next year's ecad budget
top taxpayers

taxing entity information

exemptions
tax rates

links

forms list
texas taxes


downloads




welcome to the ector county appraisal district website
  holiday closure  the ector county appraisal district will close on monday, february 17, 2025 in observance of presidents’ day. we will reopen at 8:00 a.m. tuesday, february 18, 2025.  

 current news penalty and interest will accrue on 2024 tax amounts for payments not received or postmarked by january 31st. 
electronic communicationper texas property tax code sec. 1.085, a property owner or person designated by the owner may elect to receive  communication through electronic delivery. in the section, communication means a notice, rendition, application form, completed application, report, filing, statement, appraisal review board order, bill or other item of information required or permitted to be delivered under a provision of this title.

the property owner or person designated under tptc sec 1.111(f) may fill out an online form by using the universal property record search located in the navigation menu. an online form must be filled out for each account by using the hyperlink labeled, “request electronic communication.” once submitted, the district staff will send out a confirmation receipt with additional information. this request must be done on a web browser.  property tax mattersthe chief appraiser's article "let's talk property tax matters" includes information about current appraisal district and tax office activities. please contact us at the email address above if you have any property tax appraisal or collections questions you would like us to answer.pay now option
need to pay your taxes online? simply find your property using the property records search from the navigation bar to the left, select it from the list, then open the unpaid tax amount to see the pay now button.credit card processing fee
the appraisal district does not sell a product on which the price can be increased in order to recoup the cost of credit card processing fees. we would have to increase our budget to cover the additional cost. because only a percentage of tax payments are processed using a credit card as the means of payment, the appraisal district has chosen not to increase our budget in order for the district to pay the processing fees. our budget is funded by all taxpayers and we will not place the additional cost burden of a convenience fee on taxpayers who do not utilize the credit card option.mission owners 
see the new search inactive accts (owner name or owner number) with unpaid taxes in the navigation bar? use this feature for:
unpaid taxes for accounts that are no longer active in the appraisal file.
(example: taxes are due for prior years on lot 5. for the current appraisal year, lot 5 now has 2 accounts - w/2 of lot 5 and e/2 of lot 5.)
(example: taxes are due for prior years on a personal property mobile home that is no longer in ector county)unpaid city of odessa taxes for properties in midland county(example: mission estates, mission greens) ecad has only city of odessa tax information for these properties. for appraisal information (such as value, ownership and exemption), contact midland central appraisal district.mineral owners
 
mineral searches and payment processing are now available.  find your owner information using the search mineral property (owner name or owner number) in the navigation bar to the left, select it from the list, then open the unpaid tax amount to see the pay now button.
local property tax database 

visit texas.gov/propertytaxes to find a link to your local property tax database on which you can easily access information regarding your
property taxes, including information regarding the amount of taxes that
each entity that taxes your property will impose if the entity adopts its
proposed tax rate. your local property tax database will be updated
regularly during august and september as local elected officials propose
and adopt the property tax rates that will determine how much you pay in property taxes.  
this information may also be requested from the tax assessor-collector at:

ector county appraisal district
layne young, rpa
1301 e 8th st.
odessa texas 79761
432-332-6834

property owners may register to have notifications regarding updates to the
property tax database delivered by email. to register for notifications,
please email tnt@ectorcad.org to receive the property tax database
notifications by email.

mission statement
to courteously and respectfully serve local governmental entities and the public of ector county, texas by providing accurate, timely and efficient property appraisal and tax collection services.

our goal
ecad continues to seek new ways to assist taxpayers through this site and we hope that you find our website both easy to use and informative. should you have questions or suggestions for  additional information you'd like to see,  please contact us at the phone number or email address above.





copyright © 2024 - 2026 | all rights reserved
developed & maintained by ...lx net dev, llc...





