



home | maxine greene institute






























join our mailing list


 









homemaxine celebrationaboutabout social imaginationsocial imagination todayconversationswith works of artaesthetic experiencesaesthetic experienceabout aesthetic educationhistorykey elements of aesthetic educationabout maxine greeneresumebiographymgi conferencesmgi salonsconsortiums: international & national bylawsabout the instituteour affiliationscalendarboard of directorsabout this sitewhat we domission statementlibraryaboutnewsletterssupportsupportcontact us 








welcome to the institute!
we are educators, artists, scholars, advocates and practitioners of aesthetic education and social imagination. become a subscriber and participate in our many events including seminars, workshops, conferences, and opportunities for discourse and exchange.

learn more.







maxine
discover more about maxine by visiting about maxine which includes her biography and resume. 
learn more.







maxine's library
visit the library section which lists many of her articles and books as well as a bibliography of publications about aesthetic education and social imagination.
visit our  library



new information
                


mgi newsletter spring 2024 

           click on image above
          



     maxine greene institute
                    library



welcome to
the new maxine greene institute library

please visit our greatly improved library section with a navigation tutorial 

 


     mgi national & international consortiums
      



  
the maxine greene institute’s national & international consortiums works to promote global conversations pertaining to maxine greene’s work, the field of aesthetic education, and social imagination. 

            click here to find out more
         international conference 2023
 








upcoming events


feb 282025

mgi youtube channel
more info




feb 282025

maxine's 107 birthday celebration
more info




feb 282025

mgi national consortium-seminar series #1
more info

view calendar of events

our community
 become a part of our community:

access the maxine greene library and be alerted to new additions and highlights.
receive announcements on upcoming events, workshops and seminars.
enter our conversations or start your own.
receive  mgi newsletter.

click on the links below to subscribe to our community.
 
join now   donate


join the conversation




statement in response
read more






encounters with works of art
read more


view more conversations


our affiliations
































view all affiliations

 



privacy policy | terms of use
copyright ©  2025 the maxine greene institute. all rights reserved.
contact: info@maxinegreene.org 
            designed & powered by design brooklyn







