





tabernacle of david church – grow in christ | grow in numbers




























		skip to content










 








 
 
home
i’m new

what to expect plan my visit who is jesus

about us

our vision our beginnings statement of faith our team

sundays

main service youth alive children centre

get connected

care group prayer meeting join a team giving

tod online
contact us





x
 













 









welcome 



tabernacle of david 



sunday | 10.30am 












welcome 



tabernacle of david 



sunday | 10.30am 











equip believers to be   disciples that will impact  our world 















we would like to welcome you to the tabernacle of david and we are glad you found us. we are a relational church; connected to christ as the head and one another as the body of christ for growth. we strive to work together because we can accomplish more together than we can apart. so we encourage you to get connected as we build the body of christ together. 






worship with us




















our service times 















sunday 



9:00 am | eagle lion bible school10:30 am | celebration service10:30 am | children centre10:30 am | youth alive 







wednesday 



8:00 pm | intercessors night 







friday (fortnightly) 



8:00 pm | care group 8:00 pm | yacg care group(young adults college group) 



















plan my visit 























we know that coming to a new church for the first time can often be intimidating. our hospitality team would love to help make it a smooth, easy, and enjoyable experience for you and your family. you can fill out the form below to let us know when you’re thinking about coming to check things out. when you come for your visit, someone will greet you at the entrance and help get you and your family where you need to be. our dedicated hospitality team will do everything they can to make sure you have the best experience possible.to arrange your visit in advance, please fill out the form below: 



















								your name							




								spouse's name							




								children's name (if any, and separate with commas)							




								email							




								phone number							




								date you plan to attend							




								car number (if you would like parking)							




								message							
 





submit message
















 










visit us 






 
no.1 jalan usahawan 5, kawasan perindustrian setapak, 53200 kuala lumpur. malaysia. 



 
+603-40227560 



 
enquiry@todavid.com










follow us 







 
tabernacle of david  (kuala lumpur)





 
tod.kl





 
tabernacle of david kl











useful links 






home




i'm new




care group




children centre




about tod











affiliations 





assemblies of god


necf malaysia


















© copyright  [2021] tabernacle of david | designed by darlington ossai. 














scroll to top


 scroll to top








 

