






automotive innovations - accessible vehicle sales & service

















































 











automotive innovations
accessible vehicle sales & service




shop@ai1.com
508-697-6006










menu

inventory
services
products

hand controls
reduced effort controls
secondary controls
steering devices
wheelchair tie downs
wheelchair lifts


affordable choice
resources
why us
contact



 









we deliver freedom

our company provides a full selection of mobility products, wheelchair accessible vans, and services for the disabled community. we are one of new england’s oldest providers of new and used wheelchair van conversions, as well as adaptations and modifications to vehicles to make them more accessible. we sell and install only the best, quality assuredcomponents to give our customers the best standards in safety and quality.most importantly, we make the individual needs of every customer our uppermost concern, every person we serve is unique and we take pride in meeting their needs with our expertise and innovative problem solving.

over the past 35 years our family-owned mobility center located in bridgewater, ma has and continues to offer our customers in the new england area with all of the best services possible on the market at the lowest possible price! we offer a wide range of mobility products and services that cater to many different needs, some of those products and services are as follows – but are not limited to:
• adaptive mobility equipment such as hand controls, spinner knobs, left foot gas pedals, pedal extensions, wheelchair tie-down systems and many other mobility products and high tech mobility solutions.
• new and used wheelchair accessible vans this includes side entry accessible vans, ear entry wheelchair vans, ramp vans, lift vans, handicap vans, lowered floor minivans, full-size accessible vans, fold out manual ramps and in floor automated ramps. most wheelchair accessible ramp vans come with a kneeling system to lessen the incline to make it easier to get into the vehicle with a manual wheelchair, electric wheelchair or even a scooter.
fun fact!
we were the first adaptive mobility equipment dealer in massachusetts to meet the highest industries standards required to become accredited by the quality assurance program (qap) because of our high tech driving systems installer, adaptive mobility equipment installer and structural vehicle modifier so you know you’ll get the absolute best customer service with us here in bridgewater, ma!
covid-19: changes to our operations

we are currently open for business and are available for sales and service. however, we request that customers call us to schedule an appointment rather than coming down, so that we can meet the needs of individual clients while maintaining safe conditions.thank you in advance for your cooperation.












news for dec.2021 winter will hit our region soon.  be sure your wheelchair accessible van is ready to travel in the cold and snow.  we can help you make sure your hand controls are operating smoothly and safely.  we can arrange to have your tires replaced as needed. have your lift check by one of our techs.
you don’t want to be caught with a dead battery either, let us inspect and replace as needed.  if you have a wheelchair tie down that should be on the list also.
give us a call today and schedule an appointment now.


recent posts


am i ready for a wheelchair van?


recent comments
 










automotive innovations
accessible vehicle sales & service

















our location:
1000 main st. bridgewater, ma 02324

 

call (508) 697-6006 for sales
call (508)-697-8324 for 24 hour service.

 

service: m – f 8:30am to 4:30pm
sale: m – f 9:00am to 6:00 pm

 

email us:  shop@ai1.com




site designed by r.e.d. creative designs
 







skt laptop repair





