

































































kearney hub | breaking news | | read kearny, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















3°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



agriculture



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary 




opinion


letters



editorial



columnists



cartoons



submit a letter




sports


high school



high school scores and schedules



college



unk



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



agriculture news


sponsored features


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



archives




buy & sell


place an ad 



jobs



platte valley auto



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



photo submissions



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

platte valley auto









3°
snow shower/wind
























        
        
            nebraska man first in state to file federal lawsuit challenging legality of doge

while the case appears to be the first of its kind in nebraska, doge faces challenges in federal courts around the country, including washington d.c., maryland and new york. 

















        
        
            best of kearney 2025
















        
        
            'hard decisions' at university of nebraska ahead if nih funding gets cut, gold says

research benefiting both agriculture and human health being done at unl could be hampered if national institutes of health funding is cut, university leaders say.

















        
        
            shatel: greg sharpe's burning passion for life will be his defining legacy

tom shatel believes a man’s legacy is how he made people feel. we are seeing what we already knew, that greg sharpe made a lot of people feel good.

















        
        
            nebraska's cam jurgens celebrates super bowl win with a beer-chugging, jerky-tossing week

former nebraska offensive lineman cam jurgens soaked in a super bowl win this week with an appearance on "the tonight show" and more following a breakout season with the eagles.

















        
        
            sam moore’s only basket the game-winner as unk edges emporia state

unk senior sam moore drove down the lane, putting in a layup with 18 seconds left, and the loper defense stymied emporia state on its last three possessions, resulting in a 73-71 loper victory over the hornets saturday afternoon.

















        
        
            effort pays off as unk pulls away for 12-point win over emporia state

outscoring emporia state 14-5 over the last five minutes, unk picked up its 10th victory of the season, winning 87-75.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            former chi health doctor charged with child sex crimes


















        
        
            'hard decisions' at university of nebraska ahead if nih funding gets cut, gold says










        
        
            extreme cold warning affecting nebraska from tuesday to thursday















                
                the latest










        
        
            extreme cold warning affecting nebraska from tuesday to thursday

the national weather service issued an extreme cold warning at 3:15 a.m. on monday valid from tuesday midnight until thursday noon. the warning is for kearney area and grand island area as well as valley, greeley, nance, sherman, howard, merrick, polk, dawson, hamilton, york, gosper, phelps,…




















        
        
            former chi health doctor charged with child sex crimes

a former family medicine doctor at a chi health clinic has been charged with possession and distribution of child pornography. 





















        
        
            kearney neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in kearney hub. 




















        
        
            update: extreme cold watch affecting nebraska from tuesday to thursday

the national weather service issued an updated extreme cold watch at 8:52 a.m. on sunday valid from tuesday midnight until thursday noon. the watch is for kearney area and grand island area as well as valley, greeley, nance, sherman, howard, merrick, polk, hamilton and york counties. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            best of kearney 2025



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            ap top stories february 17 a




















        
        
            nebraska's fred hoiberg after loss to northwestern




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            ap top stories february 16 p












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            nebraska baseball blanks san diego state behind strong will walsh start

will walsh delivered a strong start and nebraska's bullpen finished off san diego state in the huskers' first shutout win of the year. 




















        
        
            nebraska men's basketball flips switch in second half for crucial comeback win at northwestern

for 25 minutes, a zombified version of nebraska sleepwalked through its game at northwestern. a different version of the huskers closed the game, regaining poise and physicality in time to pick up a crucial road win.




















        
        
            nebraska women’s basketball falls to illinois; britt prince exits with injury

alexis markowski led a late nebraska rally, but it wasn’t enough to overcome the illini — especially without britt prince, who left in the fourth quarter.





















        
        
            nebraska's fred hoiberg after loss to northwestern

nebraska's fred hoiberg after loss to northwestern. video courtesy of nebraska athletics 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    










sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












sponsored








        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.












sponsored








        
        
            this sweet and savory holiday ham recipe will delight you and the whole family

content by nebraska pork producers association. pig farmer karen grant shares a wonderful easter ham recipe. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            karsh hagan/pinnacle bank / gii



                                        685 s broadway, denver, co 80209
                                    






















        
        
            napa auto parts - midwest autos parts of york



                                        1020 n lincoln ave, york, ne 68467
                                    






















        
        
            active family chiropractic - columbus



                                        2457 33rd ave ste d, columbus, ne 68601
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















finance





        
        
            town & country bank - ad from 2025-02-15
























other





        
        
            curt peterson - ad from 2025-02-13
























other





        
        
            taylor wagnor ranch and farm auctions - ad from 2025-02-15







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

legal notices

contact us

submission forms

licensing

curated commerce

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        kearney hub, 21 w. 21st st.  kearney, ne 68847
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe































