





            brook park, ohio        




 

 



























 









  


homeaboutnewstips & infodepartments

office of the mayor city council animal control building department civil service clerk of courts economic development finance department fire department human resources police department public safety law department office of aging recreation department service department tax department
photoscontactcommunity partners

berea city school district brook park branch – cuyahoga county public library
 


















welcome to the city of brook park web site
edward orcutt, mayor


brook park… a city on the move.



seeking volunteers to help local taxpayers 
aarp foundation has kicked off volunteer recruitment for its tax-aide program, the nation’s largest volunteer-based tax preparation service. volunteers may sign up to assist taxpayers either in person or virtually, with a number of roles available. 
in addition to tax preparers and greeters, whom the program will train, tax-aide needs people who can provide technical and communications assistance, interpreters, and program leaders. volunteers come from a variety of industries and range from retirees to university students. all volunteers need an email address and preparers with computer skills are preferred. our recrnitment of volunteers is on a non-discriminatory basis without consideration of race, religion, gender, disability, or sexual orientation. 
tax-aide offers free in-person and online tax preparation and assistance nationwide to taxpayers with low to moderate income. because of the complexity of the u.s. tax code, many taxpayers overpay their taxes or tum to paid tax services they cannot afford. some may forgo filing their taxes and miss out on the credits and deductions they’ve earned because they are unable to pay for assistance. tax-aide volunteers can help by providing necessary services in communities where there is the greatest need. 
aarp foundation tax-aide has grown since its inaugural team of just four volunteers in 1968 and has served over 68 million taxpayers since its inception. the program has volunteers in every state who typically number more than 30,000. 
to learn about our volunteer opportunities, visit aarp.org/volunteer/programs/tax-aide/, call l-888-our-aarp (1-888-687-2277), or contact steve donovan, 440-237-7348. aarp foundation tax-aide is offered in coordination with the irs. 
about aarp foundation
aarp foundation works to end senior poverty by helping vulnerable people over 50 build economic opportunity. our approach emphasizes equitable outcomes for populations that have faced systemic discrimination. as aarp’s charitable affiliate, we serve aarp members and nonmembers alike. through vigorous legal advocacy and evidence-based solutions, and by building supportive community connections, we foster resilience, advance equity and restore hope. to learn more, visit aarpfoundation.org or follow@aarpfoundation on social media. 

utility assistance resource fair
saturday, august 10, 2024
please click the image below to enlarge:



veterans outreach / veterans outreach (berea.k12.oh.us)


invitation to bid solid waste and recycling processing services
please click here to download the invitation to bid.

police department lateral transfer ongoing
please click here to download the application packet in pdf format from the civil service page.

public meeting
september 22, 2023
city of brook park, cuyahoga county supplemental grant (csg) and cuyahoga county municipal grant (cmsg) applications
the city of brook park is eligible to apply for funding from federal community development block grant (cdbg) funds administered by cuyahoga county through the department of development as well as cuyahoga county supplemental grant funds.   
the residents of brook park are invited to an in-person public meeting on tuesday, october 3, 2023, to be held at the brook park council chambers, 17400 holland road, brook park ohio 44142.
the topic of the meeting is a proposed ada-compliant multi-purpose playground.  renderings of the proposed playground will be on display from 9am-11am.  the public is encouraged to attend to learn more about this project and to share their opinion. 
if residents have any questions, they are encouraged to contact paul marnecheck, commissioner of economic development, at 216-433-7032. any person who wishes to attend the meeting and requires special accommodations, please contact paul marnecheck at 216-433-7032 later than 72 hours prior to meeting.



ohio utilities offer assistance for customers
firstenergy ohio utilities encourage customers to arrange payment plans and apply for bill assistance programs.
programs can help alleviate growing balances for customers having financial difficulty.
please click here for details.

seeking volunteers to help local taxpayers
aarp foundation now recruiting volunteers for in-person and virtual tax-aide service.
please click here for details.

regional sewer study outlines brook park flooding situation
please click here to view the study



brook park connect





please visit the city of brook park facebook page for the latest information.

cuyahoga county department of consumer affairs warns residents of new round of impostor scams
the cuyahoga county department of consumer affairs is warning residents about a new round of impostor scams impersonating county sheriff’s deputies or court officials.
please click here to view the press release (pdf).
please note the building department for the city of brook park is now located at 5590 smith road.












 all rights reserved
 














