







- ::: vip-booking ::: 


































login
sign up









home

virtual tour

free trial
references
company presentation

























 - trust the voices of our satisfied clients— they speak louder than we ever could!

  sign up














welcome to vip-booking

                    vip-booking.com was launched in april 2000 as a b2b resource for entertainment industry professionals.
                    our clients have access to europe's most comprehensive internet database containing information on artists, venues & promoters, booking & management companies, media, record labels etc.
sign up for a free trial and increase your business!
                


our clients



                                "mojo concerts is the biggest promoter in the netherlands with over 200 concerts and a total of a million visitors a year. 
well known festivals include pinkpop, lowlands, arrow rock festival and nor                                    ...
                                "
                            

mojo concerts
netherlands





                                "across all genres of music, from international icons to emerging acts, our global touring department represents a diverse roster of celebrated, sought-after talent.                                "
                            

iag - independent artist group
usa





                                "neil o’brien entertainment is a music agency and live event producer based in soho, london, england.
the company was formed in 2007 and currently books artists’ tours and events worldwide. it curren                                    ...
                                "
                            

neil o brien entertainment
united kingdom





 daily news


uk echelon talent agency rebrands to echelon artists
manchester-based echelon talent agency has announced a rebrand to echelon artists. the change refle
read more...


john giddings wins festival promoter of the year award
the renowned promoter behind the isle of wight festival, john giddings, was named ‘festival promote
read more...


deag appoints new executive vice president of operations
lutz grotehöfer has been appointed executive vice president operations at deag deutsche entert
read more...


read all news


 



 vip-contracts
 
 vip-magazine
 vip-news


 



vip database listings

venues » 4788
agencies » 7040
record companies » 1755


artists » 30994
media » 1417
various » 2722

latest update: 17/feb/2025 16:54:59


you can try out searching our database here...






vip-booking saves you and your agency both time and money!

sign up now!

















© vip-booking 2023
all rights reserved




virtual tour
free trial
privacy policy
                     
        

references
company presentation
contact us



















