
































































 




johnny america 
archivesques­tions & accusationsjoin our mail­ing listbe­come a j. a. patronbuy john­ny america




johnny america
 





archives
an­swers to ques­tions & ac­cu­sa­tions, in­clud­ing sub­mis­sions guidelines
be­come a j. a. patron
buy john­ny america








 





johnny america



is a little ’zine of fiction, humor, and other miscellany, published by the moon rabbit drinking club & benevolence society since 2003. 




our latest zine is johnny america # 10, a  steal at three bucks from our online shop. and we have a new collection of fiction by eli s. evans that’ll knock your socks off: various stories about specific individuals in particular situations.


—§—







johnny america has been bringing you fresh fiction and humor since 2003.


our latest zine is johnny america # 10. 


—§—




the ju­nior
by seth geltman

the woman sat in her suv, shout­ing at the po­lice of­fi­cer. he’d just pulled her over. ter­ry was on his week­ly jog, and no­ticed them a block away. he loped over and stood by them, panting.
“who the fuck are you?” of­fi­cer jaun­ta­hay asked him. 
ter­ry was rich and bored. he’d con­quered mon­ey, so what else was left? chival­ry, this week, karl­heinz stock­hausen, next. it’d be shriv­el­ry, ig­nor­ing the damsel in distress.
“maybe,” he said, “we could just talk this over. like adul —.”
“i’m han­dling this,” the woman spat out, and jaun­ta­hay cuffed him. 
“okay,” ter­ry said. “i’ll leave you to it, then.”
he loped away as best he could with wrists cuffed be­hind his back, but jaun­ta­hay coast­ed up to him on his mo­tor­cy­cle and walked him back. 
“look,” ter­ry said. “let’s take care of this. there’s a wal­let in my pock­et. but i can’t — ”
“what do you take me for?” jaun­ta­hay asked. 
“for a guy so poor he reeks,” hissed the woman. “i’ll do it.”
she got out, plucked the lit­tle wal­let from terry’s back pock­et, pulled out a $1000 bill, and threw it at jaun­ta­hay. it flit­ted to the pave­ment. his hot wa­ter heater broke the night be­fore; his daughter’s braces the day be­fore that; and the girl he was see­ing was get­ting bored. he picked up the bill and un­did terry’s cuffs. the woman tore away.
…
an hour lat­er, in a cof­fee shop, jaun­ta­hay laid the grand on the ta­ble and stared. it’d cov­er heater, braces, a big night with the girl. 
grover cleve­land stared back. god it was good to be out in the world again. like most $1000 bills, this cleve­land swel­tered in a collector’s safe. i com­mand­ed two pres­i­den­cies with dash and style, he snarled. and now — a pal­try three-mil­lion google hits, and i’m stuck on a bill last made in 1969. god­dam this fuck­ing forgottenness.
he had to get off this oily coun­ter­top. so cleve­land threw every­thing he could in­to his stare, silent­ly im­plor­ing the schlub cop to get him out of there. any­where with a titch more class. a lo­cal bank would do.
…
a pro­fes­sion­al­ly ef­fu­sive teller greet­ed jaun­ta­hay, then went beady-eyed on see­ing the bill. quick and silent, he called the man­ag­er, who ap­peared be­fore he hung up. dough-haired, dough-cheeked, dough-el­bowed — the man­ag­er was es­sen­tial­ly the pills­bury dough man, grey and flop­py and grim, now plop­ping his gaze all over the cleve­land. he called the dis­trict man­ag­er from across the street, and he blew in with ex­cep­tion­al fin­ish, fin­ished gait, fin­ished gaze, fin­ished man­i­cure — es­sen­tial­ly a check­ered flag of a man. he grabbed the bill and stared at it with men­ac­ing pre­ci­sion. jaun­ta­hay snatched it back and walked out. he need­ed the com­pa­ny of re­al men. not clucks.
he went down the block to cousin morty’s pawn shop, ex­pect­ing seed­i­ness and the req­ui­site know­ing grin from cousin morty. but morty was an­gu­lar, de­tached, care­ful, and very, very clean. 
“what can i get with this?” jaun­ta­hay asked.
morty held the bill to the light for ten sec­onds. fi­nal­ly: “those.” 
the ski boots’ buck­les were bro­ken. all req­ui­site pawn-shop greasy over­fa­mil­iar­i­ty flood­ed the room, as if un­corked. jaun­ta­hay snatched the bill and left. 
he stepped out­side. a dingy jin­gle, a bi­cy­cle bell, and tool­ing to­wards him, jody’s hot dog stand. gimpy but coast­ing, jody’s was a bike with a table­top af­fixed some­how in front. it held a met­al tub with weak­ly fla­vored franks in weak­ly steam­ing water.
it’d been a long morn­ing. jaun­ta­hay was hungry. 
“how much?” he asked.
“$1.79. $1.19 for the ju­nior.” the top half of a bun fell off the bike twen­ty min­utes ago. the bot­tom half would do. “for a meati­er taste experience.”
jaun­ta­hay flashed the cleve­land. “can you break this?” 
jody jan­gled to­geth­er $11.47 in his change apron.
“no. give you the rig for it, though.”
jaun­ta­hay paced a thought­ful cir­cle around the ve­hi­cle. he’d paint the bas­kets black, and nev­er of­fer ju­niors. easy to ride away from it all, from braces, bro­ken heater, girl.
grover cleve­land glared in pri­mal dis­gust. three mil­lion google hits, in­sult­ing, yes. but get­ting thrown down for a gimpy hot dog stand — no: much too much. 
“nah,” jaun­ta­hay said. 
“okay,” jody said. “well, here.” he ex­pert­ly slapped the ju­nior to­geth­er. “on me.” jaun­ta­hay took a bite. 
“even worse than it looks,” he chuck­led to jody, who gazed past him, clinged a dingy chime, and rode away. 
filed under fiction on february 14th, 2025
—
care to share?
facebookthreadsxmastodonredditemail

consider posting a note of comment on this item: 
your name
your e-mail address
 

δ 

—§—
failed state
by robert wexelblatt

the drug trade in a four-block neigh­bor­hood in the north­west of the cap­i­tal was con­test­ed by two gangs, karum krew, known as kk, and shaa­mi posse two or sp2. there was lit­tle to dis­tin­guish the two gangs. both were made up of ado­les­cents from fam­i­lies the gangs had re­placed in their al­le­giances. each was led by a man in his twen­ties with the tor­so and arms of a weightlifter. kk and sp2 both sourced their mer­chan­dise from the same for­eign car­tel. the boys were se­mi-dis­ci­plined, quick to anger, bare­ly ed­u­cat­ed, fear­less, and street-smart. all were armed with knives or box cut­ters. on­ly the mus­cle-bound lead­ers and their body­guards had firearms. no­body was fright­ened by the po­lice; rather, it was the po­lice who were afraid of them. the few busi­ness­es that had not left or closed down paid pro­tec­tion mon­ey to one gang or the oth­er. the largest, an au­to and mo­tor­bike re­pair shop, paid both.
af­ter half a dozen youths were killed in eight days, the lead­ers en­gaged in a brief ef­fort to ne­go­ti­ate a di­vi­sion of the ter­ri­to­ry. but diplo­ma­cy was not the forte of ei­ther, so things went on as be­fore, as tense­ly but with a bit more re­straint. thanks to the plu­to­crats in their mer­cedes and range rovers, from which they nev­er got out, busi­ness was brisk and prof­itable enough. still, the ter­ri­to­ry was a mere four blocks and, in the opin­ion of the sp2’s chief, not big enough for both. a merg­er was out of the ques­tion. the two gangs loathed each oth­er, like a brace of jeal­ous fra­ter­nal twins.
the chief of ps2, who went by the name of shred­der, was a small-time op­er­a­tor with big-time dreams. what he dreamed of was mo­nop­oly and ex­pan­sion and he knew that the for­mer was a pre­req­ui­site of achiev­ing the lat­ter. once kk had been elim­i­nat­ed, with a base firm­ly in his hands, he could di­ver­si­fy in­to pros­ti­tu­tion, gam­bling, kid­nap­ping, loan shark­ing. he could spread his wings, move in­to wealth­i­er parts of the city, ex­tort big­ger busi­ness­es, maybe even arrange pho­ny gov­ern­ment con­tracts. with his nar­row, fam­ished eyes, shred­der had been watch­ing gang­ster films since he was a child, most­ly amer­i­can ones. the amer­i­can dream meant be­ing a suc­cess­ful crook. when he was start­ing out, the man who re­cruit­ed him had a fa­vorite say­ing: “if you rob a liquor store, you’re just a thief; if you steal asia, you’re a god.” but to steal well, to flour­ish, he would need back­ing. as he saw things, the most ef­fi­cient way to make him­self a big­ger tu­na was to col­lab­o­rate with a tu­na that was al­ready big.
when shred­der re­ceived his month­ly de­liv­ery in april, he took the couri­er aside and de­mand­ed a face-to-face with a rep­re­sen­ta­tive of the sup­pli­er — “not,” he added dis­dain­ful­ly, “some squirt like you but some­body with juice. un­der­stand?” when the fright­ened couri­er asked why, shred­der smiled con­temp­tu­ous­ly. “mu­tu­al ben­e­fit. duh,” he said, de­liv­er­ing the last syl­la­ble like a ham­mer blow.
a week lat­er, shred­der got a text in­struct­ing him to be at the eques­tri­an stat­ue in cen­tral plaza at pre­cise­ly four in the af­ter­noon on mon­day — and to wear a suit. he bor­rowed a suit from his skin­ny cousin. at the ap­point­ed time, he was ap­proached in the plaza by a forty­ish man in a blue suit that fit. in an ac­cent that was on­ly slight­ly for­eign, he told shred­der to talk fast and not loud.
shred­der of­fered the car­tel a part­ner­ship. with a rel­a­tive­ly small in­vest­ment of cash and mus­cle, shred­der said the com­pe­ti­tion could be elim­i­nat­ed and, in due course, he could take over the whole city and or­ga­nize things prop­er­ly. he said he had it all worked out. the rise of ps2 would be­gin with re­mov­ing the punks of karum krew. he asked for help with this first step. why? be­cause the boss of kk, called the hulk, al­ways kept his two tough­est men with him, one with a pis­tol, the oth­er with an uzi. he thought it im­pru­dent to risk the lives of his boys or, of course, his own. he didn’t want any ev­i­dence link­ing ps2 to the op­er­a­tion. “more than plau­si­ble de­ni­a­bil­i­ty,” he said, “to keep the cops off our backs.”
shred­der was noth­ing if not thor­ough. he had two boys watch the hulk for a month. he knew where he and his top boys hung out and when. they were at the tu­gram bar and grill every tues­day and thurs­day from noon to three.
the big­wigs of the car­tel de­bat­ed the costs and ben­e­fits of us­ing this am­bi­tious shred­der to turn what had been a nose un­der the tent in­to a firm foothold, a re­al beach­head. some thought it made sense to work with a ris­ing ps2 rather than sup­ply­ing both them and kk. small pota­toes, they ar­gued. they stood to move more prod­uct with an am­bi­tious client who aimed to ex­pand than to go on feed­ing two small-time gangs who soon­er or lat­er would tear each oth­er apart over four mis­er­able city blocks. those op­posed point­ed out that if this shred­der was too weak to elim­i­nate the lo­cal com­pe­ti­tion on his own, he cer­tain­ly couldn’t be count­ed on to ex­pand ei­ther his ter­ri­to­ry or ac­tiv­i­ties. one lieu­tenant who once had tak­en an in­tro­duc­to­ry course in eco­nom­ics re­tort­ed that they should con­sid­er the po­ten­tial op­por­tu­ni­ty costs of re­ject­ing the re­quest. up till now their op­er­a­tions in the cap­i­tal had been lim­it­ed. they were mere providers, run­ning a kind of ex­trac­tive econ­o­my. there were rich­es in that flab­by, cor­rupt cap­i­tal. wouldn’t it be bet­ter to be silent part­ners? shred­der, he added, had dis­played some in­tel­li­gence in not want­i­ng to at­tract too much at­ten­tion to him­self, pa­thet­ic though the au­thor­i­ties were.
in the end, the big boss de­cid­ed to oblige shred­der but to min­i­mize the risk of be­ing iden­ti­fied with any vi­o­lence them­selves. “that’s bad busi­ness,” he said. “we can get some­body from the out­side. and cheap.” here he turned on the eco­nom­ics ex­pert. “sup­ply in that seg­ment of the la­bor force wild­ly ex­ceeds the de­mand, no? so, a bus tick­et. a ho­tel room. a few hun­dred dollars.”
the cut-rate con­trac­tor the car­tel hired was, in some re­spects, com­pe­tent. he knew how to smug­gle in the com­po­nents and as­sem­ble a bomb. he even un­der­stood how to det­o­nate the thing re­mote­ly with a cell phone. but he made a vi­tal mis­take, if in­deed the er­ror was his. in­stead of plac­ing the de­vice in the tu­gram bar and grill in the run­down north­west of the city, he plant­ed it in restau­rant nubran in the af­flu­ent south­west. it’s pos­si­ble he’d been giv­en the wrong ad­dress by his em­ploy­er. maybe it hadn’t been writ­ten down quite leg­i­bly. per­haps he was in­struct­ed to mem­o­rize the name and did it bad­ly. im­pos­si­ble to say, as he was mur­dered three days af­ter us­ing his re­turn bus ticket.
at one o’clock on a tues­day in may, an ex­plo­sion tore apart the nubran, an el­e­gant restau­rant pop­u­lar with ladies from the up­per-crust. the blast se­vere­ly in­jured sev­en­teen peo­ple and blew eight to bits. among the lat­ter were three tod­dlers and the preg­nant wife of the deputy trans­port minister.
dis­pos­able ado­les­cents stab­bing and shoot­ing one an­oth­er was de­plorable but tol­er­a­ble. a bomb killing af­flu­ent din­ers and their chil­dren two blocks from the na­tion­al as­sem­bly was not.
from that af­ter­noon events moved at a breath­tak­ing pace. it was as if chaos were a doz­ing drag­on wak­ened by the blast. the gov­ern­ment de­clared the bomb­ing a ter­ror­ist out­rage, de­clared a state of emer­gency, and de­ployed troops around the city. the first check­points ap­peared be­fore the sun was down. 
on the large mil­i­tary base three miles out­side the city, a young colonel con­vened a se­cret meet­ing of ju­nior of­fi­cers. they had met be­fore, ini­tial­ly air­ing per­son­al griev­ances, crit­i­ciz­ing se­nior staff, the min­istry, the food. sub­se­quent ses­sions were more po­lit­i­cal. now the crit­i­cism was aimed at the civil­ians who ran things, the courts, the leg­is­la­ture, the pres­i­dent — all on the take. there were pa­tri­ot­ic speech­es and pledges of sol­i­dar­i­ty. the young colonel had laid out his plan for when the time was right. now, he de­clared, the time was right. the meet­ing end­ed with every­one stand­ing at at­ten­tion and singing the na­tion­al anthem. 
the coup be­gan at dawn three days af­ter the bomb­ing. tanks and per­son­nel car­ri­ers moved in­to the cap­i­tal.  the sol­diers man­ning check­points most­ly joined; the ones who re­fused were over­whelmed. a few were shot, the oth­ers tak­en in­to cus­tody. the pres­i­dent fled in a he­li­copter to an army base in the north. from there he is­sued a call to the peo­ple to de­fend the con­sti­tu­tion and an ap­peal to all loy­al troops to re­sist the trea­so­nous coup. there were demon­stra­tions in the cap­i­tal to which the coup lead­ers re­spond­ed first with wa­ter can­non, then tear gas, and fi­nal­ly live am­mu­ni­tion. near­ly a hun­dred pro­tes­tors were killed. in the north, the pres­i­dent ral­lied his forces, put him­self at their head, and be­gan a march on the cap­i­tal. in the cap­i­tal, the jun­ta led by the pa­tri­ot­ic colonel de­clared the con­sti­tu­tion de­funct and the pres­i­dent an en­e­my of the people.
the bloody civ­il war was on. sup­plies of food, wa­ter, and med­ical equip­ment be­gan to run out. loot­ing and ban­dit­ry spread like can­cer. the wealthy raised pri­vate mili­tias. refugees flood­ed the fron­tiers of neigh­bor­ing coun­tries who kept both sides well sup­plied with weapons but lit­tle hu­man­i­tar­i­an aid. ur­gent meet­ings were con­vened by the re­gion­al union and the unit­ed na­tions se­cu­ri­ty coun­cil. res­o­lu­tions were pro­posed. the ones that weren’t ve­toed were ignored.
filed under fiction on january 31st, 2025
—
care to share?
facebookthreadsxmastodonredditemail

consider posting a note of comment on this item: 
your name
your e-mail address
 

δ 

—§—
the man who hat­ed his job
by jack whaler

once, there was a man who hat­ed his job. “i hate my job,” he said to him­self, and then he stopped typ­ing and screamed, right there in his home of­fice. it was fri­day night. an ur­gent email had just made its way in­to his in­box, and it would take hours to re­solve. the room was blue with the light from his screen. 
there were fast foot­steps down­stairs, then up the stairs, and his room­mate burst in. 
“what hap­pened?” the room­mate said, “are you okay?”
“i hate my job!” the man said.
“oh. i thought some­thing bad had happened.”
“this is bad!” the man said, “i spend like 60 hours a week work­ing! every week! i help com­pa­nies find bet­ter pro­cure­ment so­lu­tions! be­cause of me, busi­ness­es save a lit­tle more mon­ey! how can this pos­si­bly be all that my life is?” he waved his arms as he spoke and al­most clipped the side of his stand­ing desk. 
the room­mate tilt­ed his head to the side. the man kept go­ing, “and i al­ways get stuck with the hard­est projects and i do them any­way and i put in way too much ef­fort be­cause i can’t stand to look bad, and i nev­er get rec­og­nized and i’ve tried push­ing back and that nev­er works and i just don’t know what to do!”
“well, is there some­thing else you wish you were doing?”
“i don’t know!”
the room­mate took a step back. “well maybe you should fig­ure that out then.”
“that sounds hard.”
“well then don’t?”
“that al­so sounds hard!”
the man turned back to­ward his com­put­er for a mo­ment to read an email. when he turned back to­ward the door­way, his room­mate had al­ready gone. but the man kept think­ing. he scrolled through job post­ings. there were list­ings for sales as­so­ciates and project man­agers, and even one for a ‘dy­nam­ic go-get­ter with a can-do at­ti­tude.’ he sighed. if on­ly he had enough mon­ey to nev­er work again.
on a trip down­stairs to get some wa­ter, he passed his room­mate and stopped. “i still don’t know what to do,” he said.
“maybe you should talk to some­one about it?” said the roommate.
“like a monk or a gu­ru or some­thing?” the man lit up. he thought of every com­ic he’d ever read with a white-beard­ed wiz­ard­ly man with great wis­dom. he’d nev­er had a gu­ru or a sage in his life be­fore. maybe that’s what he needed.
“i mean, i was think­ing more like a men­tor or a ca­reer coach —” said his roommate.
and that just wasn’t go­ing to cut it. “no,” said the man, “i want a gu­ru, and i want one to­mor­row.” the man al­ready had his phone out and was search­ing on­line. there was a guy who lived on a moun­tain near­by, com­plete with a flow­ing white beard. and this guy had very good re­views on yelp. 
“an un­ortho­dox life-chang­er!” start­ed one. the man start­ed to nod. “i feel so full of pur­pose now, worth every step of that hike,” said an­oth­er. “i can fi­nal­ly go to work with a smile now. i am new,” went a third. the man nod­ded ex­tra hard at that one. he clicked through the guru’s web­site, and there was a pic­ture of the gu­ru grin­ning with teeth the same col­or as his beard, and or­ange robes flow­ing. “moun­tain­top dis­cern­ment. your tra­jec­to­ry: redi­rect­ed. your spir­it: re­aligned. cash on­ly. $500 per guid­ance.” that sound­ed like a lot of mon­ey, but then again, the man knew he need­ed some redi­rec­tion. and this sound­ed like just the guy.
…
in the morn­ing, the man stuffed mon­ey in an en­ve­lope, and packed his back­pack with trail mix and a wa­ter bot­tle. he hopped in the show­er and made sure to re­al­ly give him­self a good scrub. af­ter all, he would be redi­rect­ed to­day, and he want­ed to look tip-top for when his new life be­gan. he put on a clean shirt and laced his sneak­ers and walked to the door. then, his phone buzzed. some­one had re­spond­ed to one of his emails from the night be­fore. he paused in the door­way, huffed, and typed out a reply. 
once it was off and sent, he called an uber, and min­utes lat­er, he was off! the car rolled through town, past frown­ing shop­keep­ers in store­fronts, and of­fice build­ings where every parked car meant at least one per­son was work­ing, even now on the weekend. 
the car zoomed on­ward. high-ris­es turned in­to low-ris­es. low-ris­es spread un­til the side­walk dis­ap­peared and they were in the coun­try. and then, soon enough, they were at the foot of the moun­tain. that was fast, he thought.
there was a lit­tle sign­post by the trail­head. ‘gu­ru peak: 12 miles.’ the whole moun­tain looked big­ger up close too. a lone dusty trail snaked up through gray brush to­ward the peak, un­til it van­ished from sight al­to­geth­er. lit­tle blips of peo­ple dot­ted the path, and even­tu­al­ly dis­ap­peared as it went high­er too.
the man shrugged and start­ed pow­er-walk­ing right on up the trail. he swung his arms with ex­tra-large swings. but with­in min­utes, he was huff­ing. his mus­cles burned. his calves, his ham­strings, even the weird lit­tle mus­cles around his an­kles that he hadn’t thought much about be­fore. typ­ing at his desk all day wasn’t ex­act­ly do­ing him fa­vors in the hik­ing de­part­ment. soon, he was go­ing in more of a walk, with sub­stan­tial­ly less power. 
but he want­ed this. he need­ed it. maybe it wouldn’t be so pleas­ant, but hey, he had plen­ty of prac­tice do­ing things he didn’t like.
up ahead, some­one had set up a re­fresh­ment stand, and had lit­tle dix­ie cups of gatorade set out. dol­lars per swig. a line of thirsty-look­ing peo­ple wait­ed. the man took a sip from his wa­ter bot­tle and kept on go­ing. he passed more peo­ple, head­ing both up and down. some trudged down, de­feat­ed. “quit­ters,” thought the man. oth­ers took care­ful steps down with gen­tle smiles on their faces and peace­ful far­away looks. he thought of mak­ing that walk down him­self, how good he would look, smil­ing and tranquil. 
the sun rose in a gen­tle arc. the man trudged. it hit its peak. the man con­tin­ued to trudge. it start­ed its de­scent back down to­ward the hori­zon. the man kept on. he was cov­ered in sweat, and his shirt had a big wet mark over his ster­num like a tar­get. he gave his pits a smell. not great. he con­sid­ered turn­ing around, maybe com­ing back on a less-sun­ny day when he could ar­rive in bet­ter form. 
he gri­maced at the thought of hav­ing to wait, and kept trudg­ing. his left leg be­gan to cramp, and he paused. he nib­bled on a lit­tle trail mix. and then he start­ed hop­ping up the trail on his good leg.
he hopped and hopped, mak­ing progress in lit­tle slow lurch­es. and then sud­den­ly, the slope lev­eled off. he was there! he could see his city in the dis­tance, but it looked so tiny from up here. just a se­ries of box­es and blips in the dis­tance. on the peak, there was a lit­tle wood­en bench amid the brush and small dusty stones, with a per­son-shaped lump cov­ered by a blanket.
the man fell to his knees in front of the bench. “great gu­ru,” he said, “i need your help. i hate my job.”
the blan­ket shift­ed, and a beard­ed face peeked out. the gu­ru blinked a lot. he yawned. “wel­come traveler.”
the man hand­ed him the mon­ey en­ve­lope, and then fell back to his knees. the gu­ru count­ed it and slid it be­neath his blan­ket. “thanks man,” said the gu­ru, “got any snacks?”
the man reached in­to his bag for the trail mix, and hand­ed it over. the gu­ru plucked raisins be­tween his fin­gers and flicked them off the moun­tain. fi­nal­ly, he tipped the bag up and dumped the rest in­to his mouth. a cloud of peanut dust set­tled in his beard. “any­thing to drink?” 
the man passed the gu­ru his wa­ter bot­tle. the gu­ru chugged. lit­tle droplets slid down his robe and pit­ter-pat­tered in­to the dust be­neath the bench. the gu­ru hand­ed the bot­tle back, emp­ty. “thanks,” he said.
“so what should i do, wise guru?”
the gu­ru laughed. “beats me,” he said, “got any cigarettes?”
the man’s jaw clenched. “lis­ten here,” he said, “i think you’re rip­ping me off! and i’ve wast­ed a whole day on you and my calves are killing me and i’ve just paid you a lot of money!”
“okay,” said the gu­ru. he grinned, and the man could see all of his teeth. they were per­fect­ly straight and shiny ve­neer-white, just like in the pictures. 
the gu­ru pulled his blan­ket back over his head, and rolled over on the bench. 
the man wait­ed a beat. and then he screamed, “are you fuck­ing kid­ding me?” his voice echoed off in­to the dis­tance, and set off some rustling in the brush near­by. “give me an an­swer or give me my mon­ey back.”
“no,” said the guru.
the man’s eyes went big. he let out a ner­vous laugh. “you’re re­al­ly go­ing to make me take my mon­ey back?”
“sure,” said the gu­ru. he laughed too.
the man stepped for­ward and ripped the guru’s blan­ket off. he grabbed the gu­ru by his robe. the man start­ed to lift him up in the air. “lis­ten here, you stu­pid fraud-ass fake guru —”
at that mo­ment, the gu­ru struck the man right in his sweaty ster­num. the man stag­gered back­ward and sprawled among the grav­el­ly stones on the moun­tain peak. the gu­ru walked to­ward him with slow foot­steps. his teeth glint­ed in the sun and his beard flapped in the wind.
the man tried to get to his feet, but his leg was still a lit­tle cramped. he wob­bled. but the gu­ru was al­ready there, and he swung his leg and kicked the man in his ribs. he fell back down and dug his fin­gers in­to the dirt.
the gu­ru stooped down to­ward the man. his grin was now inch­es away from the man’s face, and his cheeks stretched and stretched, wider and wider. he lift­ed the man up by his col­lar, un­til the man’s feet dan­gled. the two men made eye con­tact. the gu­ru nod­ded, still grin­ning. then, he threw the man with a great great force, straight back down the trail. the man went fly­ing. he was air­borne for sev­er­al sec­onds. and when he hit the ground, he be­gan to roll.
he tum­bled side-over-side down the dusty trail. lit­tle stones jabbed at him. his shirt snagged on pokey brush branch­es. and he rolled down, back down past fel­low hik­ers and past the lit­tle gatorade stand and then fur­ther and fur­ther down un­til he land­ed in a heap at the very bot­tom by the trail sign.
“ow,” he said. he was cov­ered in dirt. his pants and shirt were torn. he def­i­nite­ly had a bruise or two form­ing. and he was very very dizzy. one of his shoes had dis­ap­peared part­way down the moun­tain and his phone was gone too and that meant no uber.
the sun was be­gin­ning to set now, and it was get­ting dim as the man swayed and hob­bled back along the road to­ward town. he stum­bled along the dirt path on the side of the road un­til it turned to side­walk. then past of­fices with lights still lit and stores with open signs flick­er­ing. as he passed through the city cen­ter, some­one said, “sir,” to his side. he turned. a stranger held out a dol­lar. the man stared at the mon­ey, then shrugged, and took it.
and then he trudged back home. it was ful­ly night now. the moon was prob­a­bly some­where up in the sky. the man opened his door and went up­stairs and sat on the show­er floor. he turned the di­al. wa­ter poured over him and came off tint­ed brown.
“yo dude,” came the voice of his room­mate from out­side the door, “you okay?”
the man didn’t respond. 
“uh, what hap­pened?” went the roommate.
“the gu­ru was a bust,” the man said.
“oh.”
“yeah.”
“sor­ry dude.”
“what the fuck am i even do­ing?” the man said. “in what world was some yelp gu­ru on a moun­tain go­ing to fix all my job bull­shit?” he start­ed to cry. “and this guy took my mon­ey and tossed me away af­ter i’d giv­en him every­thing i had. just like every­one does.” 
“uh,” said the room­mate,” that kin­da sounds like an overgeneralization.”
“what­ev­er,” said the man. he squeezed his eyes shut, and he fum­bled around with one hand, look­ing for the bar of soap. 
“maybe you just need to find —”
“but even if it’s not every­one it’s a dang lot of them and they just take and take and take from me. and maybe it’s time i start­ed tak­ing things for my­self too.” 
“oh?” said the roommate.
“not like from you,” he said, “but like from my work or some­thing.” the man was still fum­bling around look­ing for some­thing to clean him­self with. his hands closed on his roommate’s thing of body wash. he gave the noz­zle a pump, and gel filled his hand.
“hm,” said the room­mate, “i don’t think that’s re­al­ly what i was go­ing to say.”
“maybe i’ll call in sick on mon­day.” the man chuck­led to him­self. “or maybe longer. these sick­ness­es can sure last a while.” he sniffed the dol­lop of body wash and be­gan to rub it in­to his pits. then, the man grinned, and he felt his cheeks be­gin to stretch.

filed under fiction on january 17th, 2025
—
care to share?
facebookthreadsxmastodonredditemail

consider posting a note of comment on this item: 
your name
your e-mail address
 

δ 

—§—

recent-ish posts


clouds
gifts
in the canyon
wal­ly
how to throw hands like a mod­ern man



additional miscellany
links to yonder





		join our irregular mailing list
	


			for very occasional ramblings, word about new print ephemera, and of course exciting investment opportunities.
		










						 
					

						 
					



















archives
an­swers to ques­tions & ac­cu­sa­tions, in­clud­ing sub­mis­sions guidelines
be­come a j. a. patron
buy john­ny america








johnny america












