






free tarot readings, free astrology reports, free numerology reports, free rune casts



























home
star charts
blog
contact us
policies
site disclaimer



















 


astrology, tarot, numerology


daily oracles and astrology influences



tarot



ancient symbols



chakras



animal spirits



charms



fortune





thoth tarot



 domino



planets



rune



lenormand



mahjong
















tarot resources



tarot
minchiate tarot
oráculos en español
greenwood tarot
daily tarot card
crowley thoth card
tarot (legacy)
minchiate tarot (legacy)
your personal cards





ancient symbols



ancient symbols oracle
daily personal ancient symbols
daily ancient symbol (simple)
as past present future





astrology resources



daily horoscopes
daily lovescopes
astrology romance
natal reports
astro-compatibility
birthday profiles
chinese astrology
today's planets





other oracles



daily chakras
animal spirits
numerology
mahjong oracle
dominoes oracle
9 star ki
gong hee fot choy
madame lenormand
fortuneteller
rune casts
book of fate
charm casts
i ching
i ching for lovers
daily influences
ouija board
crystal ball
psychic eight ball
lucky dog oracle
fortune cookies





extras



wisdom of buddha
words of confucius
what's important
psychic computer
your archangel





self awareness



esp tests
bio-compatibility
biorhythms
intimacy inventory
esteem inventory
romance inventory
sensuality inventory
sexual attitudes
personality inventory















astrology compatibility & romance report




explore your relationship or potential relationship with our free astrology compatibility and romance report. this report compares a couple's individual natal horoscopes to evaluate their romantic and platonic compatibility. the report uses	many of astrology's basic elements such as zodiac signs and aspects to determine the future outlook for a match. get your free romance assessment.









andy puddicombe: all it takes is 10 mindful minutes





when is the last time you did absolutely nothing for 10 whole minutes?  in this video andy puddicombe discusses how to benefit from meditation in just 10 mindful minutes.
view more videos
 



daily horoscopes






aries



taurus



gemini



cancer



leo



virgo







libra



scorpio



sagittarius



capricorn



aquarius



pisces







daily love horoscopes






aries



taurus



gemini



cancer



leo



virgo







libra



scorpio



sagittarius



capricorn



aquarius



pisces







birthday celebrity natal horoscopes for february 17, 2025



chord overstreet
				  
							michael jordan
				  
							jerry o'connell
				  
							meaghan jette martin
				  
							lou diamond phillips
				  
							bryan white
				  
							billie joe armstrong
				  
							rene russo
				  
							alan bates
				  
							denise richards
				  
							bonnie wright
				  
							rebecca adlington
				  
							red barber
				  
							taylor hawkins
				  
							mary ann mobley
				  
							hal holbrook
				  
							jim brown
				  
							arthur kennedy
				  
							joseph gordon-levitt
				  
							red barber
				  
							paris hilton
				  
						
get your free personal natal horoscope.

 

popular blog entries


pisces horoscope in 2012
pisces 2012 career and work horoscope
there is nothing but good news in the future of the fish when it comes to business and your career. you can expect a promotion and some of you will be relocating geographically to make more money.
if you are a pisces who is unhappy with your current job then 2012 is your big chance to make that big change. the planets also favor looking for a job in another country or overseas if that is what you really want.
most fishes will find themselves having more opportunities to travel and combine business with pleasure.
you love people and you love to study them and be considerate of their opinions. however, it is important to avoid gossip at work. your success will draw a few critics.
although this is a good year for those who work in big companies or corporations it is not as positive for those who want to start their own business. 
read more

mercury retrograde in aquarius - february 2014
mercury is a very small, but dense, planet that orbits the sun about every 88 days and turns retrograde three or four times per year. all of the major planets, except the sun and moon, turn retrograde, but none turn retrograde as often as mercury. that's why you hear us astrologers chirping about mercury's retrograde so much.
when a planet turns retrograde either we (the earth) are passing it, or it is passing us on our solar race track. and, just like when you pass a car on the highway, for a short period of time, the planet (auto) appears to be moving backwards. so, when a planet is in retrograde, it is closer to the earth than it is in other parts of it's orbit. because the planet is so close to us, it's gravitational pull will have a stronger influence on our personalities. 
read more

astrology forecast for april 2012 - general tendencies for all sun signs
april will bring a return to the norm. mercury and mars will be turning direct, and the outer planets will be mostly quiet. we've got some good days coming and some bad ones, but nothing that will last for any length of time. if you happen to be under clear skies on earth day, april 22nd, be sure to look up. you may just see a falling star from the lyrid meteor shower.
there could be some really cute pranks on april fool's day, april 1st, with the moon in fun loving leo. but, mercury will be turning direct on wednesday, april 4th, while venus argues with neptune. on top of the usual travel and communication problems that comes with mercury changing directions, there could also be some emotional confusion through thursday, april 5th. 
read more


 
















you by your number
people have studied the relationships of numbers to dates and names for over 2500 years.they explore these associations to:
show me my number












consult the crystal ball
to consult the crystal ball type your question below, concentrate onyour query and submit your question.



submit your question

















 



copyright 2005 - 2025 © e-tarocchi.comall rights reserved









 

