



ford taurus sho | parts & resources


























ford taurus sho: performance with style!









!




 home
sho birth & history
buy parts
performance
engine
maintenance
powertrain
transmission
exhaust
wheels
brakes
videos!
vendors
downloads
about us
 




the ford taurus sho
performance with style!!





when ford introduced the revolutionary 5-speed high performance 1989 ford taurus sho they opened a new chapter in the history of performance automobiles.
a taurus with a clutch? oh, yeah...  

 

car and driver agreed, calling the new performance sedan "revolutionary",
placing it in the same category as the 240z and the 1960's ford mustang. by utilizing a unique 
high performance 3.0 v6
engine designed and built by yamaha, ford turned an average sedan into a top performer.
with
220hp and 200ft-lbs torque, the normally aspirated 1989 ford taurus sho behaved like it
was supercharged, with 145 mph at the top
end and 0-60 mph in only 6.6 seconds - all in a body that looks like a family sedan. the taurus
sho
quickly became, and still is, the
ultimate sleeper. at the time, its only true competitor was the bmw m5 sedan - but only at twice
the price!







at first, the ford taurus aftermarket wasn't very responsive
   towards the sho. this is where the  sho
  shop came in. from 1992 to 2004, sho shop carried a complete line of high quality street
   and track performance aftermarket parts for the  taurus sho,
   including engine electronics, spark plugs, radiator, cooling system,  intake,
   exhaust, drivetrain, suspension, brakes, tires, and yeah, especially the clutch. eventually,
   everyone needed a clutch, and for a clutch, you called the sho shop. there
   was even had a supercharger!  over the years,
  the  sho shop could make any taurus sho
  out-handle a bmw, stop like a porsche, and out-accelerate a corvette. i should know...




 
this website, which is into it's next evolution, will be the next level of change
for the ford taurus sho. how can i do this? i was a technical consultant working with ford in michigan for many
 years. this allowed me to have a level of inside knowledge with the sho that is unmatched
 by few.
my taurus sho is a low-vin numbered black 1989 that is one of the originally manufactured
models (see picture at left). i
  bought my sho in february 1989, and i've been all over the usa with it, sea-to-shining sea. it's
  got over a quarter of a million miles on it, and yes, it still does 0-60mph in under 7 seconds...
  and i want to help you keep yours just as well as i've kept mine. the ford taurus sho
can be a very inexpensive car to maintain - if you know what you're doing!
and yes, i've been to the grand canyon with my
sho,
too...







quality ford taurus sho parts - point your browser over to the best, at
   the sho source!
shoforum - knowledgeable, experienced ford taurus sho drivers on a common 
   forum
official shocal - experienced, knowledgeable people that
    love and understand the sho. (note: this is the real and authorized website for the
    california sho club.)
shopowered - technical diagrams for the sho
you've got to see this
jiffy lube 
ripoff video !
bring back the sho!
professional forum for online businesses 
   and serious webmasters






disclaimer: this site is not affiliated with the former ford taurus aftermarket business associated with sho
  shop.






ford taurus sho - power, performance, pride!







2/17/2025 11:38:53 am
 
 


official shoshop.com - ford taurus sho resources
no warranty is expressed or implied as to the accuracy of any of the information here. 
privacy statement







