








reality™ software | real estate recruiting & market statistics





























































































 

















 


















 








 








support and sales 



1-877-785-4321 










book a demo














member login














reset password



















menumenuhomecompanyproducts

top ranked agent get the tools you need to be among the top ranked agents in the zip code of your choice.

brokers & recruiters 
harness the power of effective recruiting.

 

multi-office use multi-office’s many resources to increase offices’ efficiency and generate the highest return on investment.

 learn more

 learn more

 learn more

graphit pro graphitpro, our powerful market visualization tool, features easy-to-use graphs and displays to succinctly showcase all the real-estate metrics your agents need to succeed.

banks/mortgage brokers analyze mortgage hotspots, draw spheres of influence, and identify the best areas to market new mortgages.

 
 learn more

 learn more


consultingblogfaqcareerscontactbook a demo 










login




















 







in 1987, our ceo embarked on a new venture. driven

by a passion for data and analytics, he benchmarked

real estate performance. this new endeavor focused

on leveraging statistical methods providing market

and performance insights, ultimately leading to the

creation of reality™ software.

37 years later, our legacy remains unchallenged.

reality™ continues to set standards, defying replica-

tion. our unmatched speed and ease of use have

cemented our position as the industry benchmark.

experience the difference for yourself.




in 1987, our ceo embarked on a new venture. driven by a passion for data and analytics, he benchmarked real estate performance. this new endeavor focusedon leveraging statistical methods providing marketand performance insights, ultimately leading to the creation of reality™ software.

37 years later, our legacy remains unchallenged.
reality™ continues to set standards, defying replication. our unmatched speed and ease of use have cemented our position as the industry benchmark. experience the difference for yourself.


 






agents










brokers



















reality products 











a complete suite of products to help real estate professionals maximize their roi 












								agents							

								all the tools you need to be among the top ranked agents in the zip code of your choice.​							







							access in-depth information on activity in your jurisdiction, find the perfect areas to work in, and access all the data you need to maximize sales.						

							learn more						

















								brokers & recruiters							

								harness the power of effective recruiting.							







							identify the best talent, recruit the right agents, and spend just 45 minutes a day, augmenting your team; track competitors and market trends and empower your agents with graphit pro.						

							learn more						

















								multi-office							

								use multi-office’s many resources to increase offices’ efficiency and generate the highest return on investment.​							







							managing multiple locations is hard. visualize how offices stack up against each other and get a birds-eye view of competitors and trends in the real estate landscape.						

							learn more						

















								banks/mortgage brokers							

								access all the right data to optimize your organization’s mortgage planning 							







							analyze mortgage hotspots, draw spheres of influence, and identify the best areas to 
market new mortgages.						

							learn more						




















what our users say about us 
















ed b.atlanta, ga.  


						my clients think i am a real estate genius. thanks to the reality agent software. it allows me to focus on the areas where homes are moving fast. personally, i have doubled my transactions in the last 8 months, even with covid19.
					









susan z.miami, fl.  


						recruiting was a real problem before i was introduced to reality. i love it! now when i choose a candidate, one click transfers all their stats and information into the crm. best of all, it prompts me to use the right message for my target hire!					









sally h.phoenix, az.  


						reality makes my company a winner. i distribute up-to-date graphs to my sales staff every month. reality's data makes their presentations unique -- and that makes my agents winners.					









sean d. jr.levittown, pa.  


						i have been using reality for over 4 years. what can i say? the information is incredible. i have reduced my recruiting time by more than half.					





 

 


















reality blog 



















				the fine art of recruiting the right agents part ii			



			november 16, 2022		


by leon d’ancona b.t.l., m.t.l., rresi, ceo if you’re still looking for staff that can “fog up a mirror and has a credit card” (and


			read more »		









				how much is a washroom worth?			



			october 9, 2022		


by leon d’ancona b.t.l, m.t.l., rresi, ceo if you subscribe to the idea that a real estate professional does more than only plain listing and


			read more »		









				the fine art of recruiting the right agents			



			july 10, 2022		


by leon d’ancona b.t.l., m.t.l., rresi, ceo picking the wrong agent is a costly and time-consuming affair, yet many recruiters do not seem to have


			read more »		









				finding the good in bad markets			



			july 5, 2022		


by leon d’ancona, b.t.l., m.t.l., rresi, ceo no matter how the housing market behaves, it is always a good time to take a hard look


			read more »		










read all articles















get a taste of reality! 















please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.full name *email address *phone number *by checking this box, you consent to receive sms messages related to our products, newsletters, and morecompany name *title *broker of recordagentotherplease specify *how did you hear about us?where did you hear about us:social mediagooglee-mailreferralreferred bysubmit  











































© copyright 2024 reality™ softwares, and restats™ are trademarks of ims incorporated. all rights reserved. 










linkedin
 



instagram
 



facebook-f
 



twitter
 




























privacy policy 















as a matter of practice, we maintain our clients information on a strictly confidential basis, and do not disclose such information to third parties, unless required by law. if you have any questions or comments about our personal information practices, or would like to make a written request for access to your personal information or request to delete your information, please contact our privacy officer at info@restats.com or mail us at privacy officer, ims incorporated, 2792 dufferin street, toronto, ontario, m6b 3r7 













 


























































