


capra & cavelli - custom suits & clothing




































































 









purchase a gift card








 





                                            	                                                (512) 948-7302 | 302 apple creek - georgetown, tx 78626                                                    										









toggle navigation








men’s
custom
formal wear
appointments
info 

staff & reviews
store information
helpful hints


gift cards
blog
  
 









 





 

what to wear 

about us 







 

men's clothing 

learn more 







 

custom clothing 

learn more 







 

locations 

view locations 


 


 






about us
our store is located at 35th street & jefferson in austin, texas. our austin men’s store has over 5,000 square feet of sportswear for him; plus a full selection of suits and sport coats from the likes of corneliani, trussini, salvatore martarona, barocci, and jack victor; and our specialists are well versed in custom suits, shirts, and sport coats for all sizes, including big & tall. we use fabrics from the finest italian mills, such as ermenegildo zegna, loro piana, e.thomas, cerruti 1881, dormeuil, reda, piacenza, and barbera..
we’ve been helping our customers look fantastic since 1995! and we know exactly what you need to look your best in both austin and elsewhere. and with our in-house tailor shop at the midtown location, you can be sure everything will fit beautifully. come on by and let us introduce you to an exceptional shopping experience.











tour the store
  
please support kut – austin’s public radio


meet the team
  
where do ncaa’s best-dressed coaches shop?



what to wear
 

“you only use 8% of your brain…don’t dress accordingly”
“you are the product of 4 billion years of evolution…your clothes are ready”












we’re flattered to have been recognized by “esquire magazine” as one of the top 100 clothing stores in america. we’ve been featured on the knot and named by “austin american statesman” as the a-list: best men’s clothing store.










people love us on google and yelp! read our reviews online by clicking the logos below:



*right click and select open in new tab


 




































ivan’s guide to black tie
 


			×            



loading cart ...

 





join our eclub


 
join capra & cavelli’s eclub and we’ll send you timely information regarding promotions, special events, e-only offers and new products that arrive in the store.
 






fill out the form below

























site managed by realtyit
© capra & cavelli






