







mono hot springs tent cabins | campground reservations | sierra mountains yosemite california | mineral baths | hiking river | trout and fly fishing | horseback riding | lake boating kayaking











































 

mono hot springs a hot springs in californiabetween yosemite and kings canyon on the sierra west slope

 

 

home
activities

hiking
northern calif high sierra nevada trout fishing near mono hot springs
swimming
boating & kayaking
horseback riding
fly fishing guide service


cabins

historic cabins
tent & camping cabins
facility map


hot springs

resort hot springs
mono hot springs: northern california high sierra natural mineral hot springs resort
massage


resort

general store
restaurant
facility map
links
photo gallery
post office


campgrounds
history
blog
directions
contact

mono news updates


 


 mono hot springs tent cabins campground reservations - sierra mountains yosemite california

important notice



mono hot springs resort and the areas kaiser pass road is now open for the summer season that starts memorial day weekend in may and ends about november 1st. for cabin reservations and information please call us at 559 325 1710. we take reservations year-round.
mono hot springs has tent cabins, historic cabins, fs campground reservations in the sierra mountains south of yosemite california!



welcome to mono hot springs
affordable cabins
click here for info
natural hot springs
wilderness hiking


resort hot springs
fine food cafe

there is really no place quite like mono hot springs, california. for the more adventuresome, its an unique opportunity to have a true wilderness experience of scenic hiking, swimming, trout fishing, boating, horseback riding, exploring for hot springs or just plain relaxing and enjoying the spectacular scenery while still having resort amenities of a fine food cafe, hot mineral baths, spa, massage, general store and comfortable historic cabin accommodations with wifi.
many cabin patrons remark how refreshingly relaxing it is to get away from it all and be able to walk outside their cabin without concrete walkways and the sound of traffic. a recreational setting connecting people to nature surrounds the cabins where couples and families can enjoy an evening of campfire fun.
you will enjoy our friendly and helpful staff, great food service, aimee’s wonderful massages and just plain relaxing in the spa with a spectacular scenic setting that sunset magazine recently described california’s mono hot springs resort as “gorgeous scenery as there ever was in the west”.
cabin reservations/info: 559 325 1710.
book massage appt.: 707 753 1765.
mono hot springs has tent cabins, historic cabins, fs campground reservations in the sierra mountains south of yosemite california!
day hiking the wilderness

trout fishing

swim at doris lake

tule lake

givens lake

bear creek

florence lake

crater lake

edison lake ferryward lake

horseback riding
mono hot springs is known for spectacular sierra nevada hiking opportunities deep in the ansel adams and john muir wildernesses. when people first drive into the mono hot springs basin they are awed and often a little startled by the area’s shear expanse of the rugged glacially made granite scenery.
this california high sierra wilderness between yosemite and kings canyon national parks is known as the range of light.  it is one of the nation’s most amazingly beautiful landscapes with no roads cutting through this wilderness to the east.  here you find peace, not crowds, in one of the most remote parts of the sierra nevada – a perfect vacation alternative to yosemite.
beautiful doris lake is an easy one mile hike from mono hot springs that is well suited for families with young children. if you can pull yourself away from the lake’s beauty and wonderful swimming, tule lake is another three quarters of a mile with scenic devil’s table a more difficult trek along the way.
a fairly steep three mile hike to corbett, givens and cunningham lakes, just a 5 minute drive to the trailhead, takes you quickly to a high elevation spectacular view full of eastern brook trout.
a short 4-wheel drive to bear lake diversion dam takes you to the bear creek trail where a three mile hike puts you in the most beautiful of the area’s scenery with golden trout fishing.
florence lake is a 25 minute drive from mono that is located in a spectacular granite basin reflecting 11,000 ft. pyramid shaped mt. shinn. at the florence lake store a ferry service can take you across the 5 mile lake where you can hike along the san joaquin river to beautiful blayney meadows and beyond to the muir trail ranch, hot springs, the john muir trail and the pacific crest trail.
a more moderately challenging 7 mile round trip hike from a florence lake parking area trailhead takes you to dutch, hidden and scenic crater lakes. the large jackass meadows below florence lake provides easy and pleasing hiking and camping along the river. ward lake is a wonderful surprise you will pass on the way to florence lake tucked in a steep walled granite grotto that also offers excellent california kayak fishing, boating and camping.
about a 20 minute drive to edison lake takes you to vermilion valley resort with a ferry service shuttling people 7 miles across edison lake to within a mile of the famous john muir/pacific crest trail. mono creek is a wonderfully serene creek and several alpine lakes are within a day’s hiking range. there are numerous small streams and lakes all around the edison lake area with great trout fishing. the high sierra pack station has horseback day rides to back country wilderness lakes like the devil’s bathtub.
we will help plan your desired hiking opportunities from easy to more difficult. trout fly fishing guided instruction by sierra fly fishers is available. make sure you fill up with gas at either shaver lake or huntington lake. from shaver lake it’s about a one and a half hour drive – and from huntington lake about an hour drive to mono – one of northern california’s most beautiful and remote hot springs resorts in the high sierras.
mono hot springs has tent cabins, historic cabins, fs campground reservations in the sierra mountains south of yosemite california! please call us at 559 325 1710 for more information on mono hot springs northern california resorts.
“why it’s cozy: pine ringed natural hot springs for al fresco soaking, an on-site spa, and the river rock fireplaces, and cabins made of native cobblestone and local wood”…sunset magazineread the full article here.
here's what people say:"after spending three and a half months up here last summer, i came to the realization that the people i meet are up here, like myelf, are here to let more of this natural beauty and love that’s all around us into our hearts.  that’s exactly the opposite of the mental posture we usually have to assume down in the flatlands where the sheer numbers of humanity force us to throttle down our openness or be consumed by the cognitive dissonance of just too many people around us.great hiking up here too! it’s just a short hike of about a mile up to doris lake which is a high altitude bubbling thermal heated lake. and having a restaurant here with great food this far out in the wilderness is a huge plus!  they have cabins and a spa where you can get massages too.nature is my temple.  i’ve made more incredible friends and acquaintances - met more like minded souls here in the natural, comfortable social environment of these hot springs than anywhere in my life!"  - steve p

"my wife an i are avid hikers and we love mono hot springs for great sierra hiking without the drive to the eastern sierra's. this area has many beautiful streams and lakes for fishing, swimming, boating.  plus a network of natural hot springs to relax in.we love staying at mono hot springs resort with its cozy cabins, great restaurant, general store, and soothing full service spa.  mono hot springs is a magical place - surrounded by great activities yet hidden away in its own secluded wilderness setting." - dave s
 
we're family & pet friendly!

reserve your cabin now
call 559 325 1710
2024 season starts may 24th to november 1.

we take reservations year-round

no emails or texts
call 559 325 1710

 

video of natural hot springs


 


the river swimming hole



 


great stream fishing


 


honeymoon cabin video


   magazine's andrew rice says:
"this private hot springs resort on the edge of the ansel adams wilderness might just be the ultimate tonic for city-induced stress syndrome.  with hot mineral baths, massage, rustic cabins (reasonably priced), and good food, you'll decompress in no time.  and nobody can beat mono hot springs for location.  hiking into the john muir wilderness from here is extraordinary".


 fishing licenses are not sold at the resort

 

kids floating the river



  magazinecalifornia's mono hot springs resort is in sunset magazine's 37 best cabin getaways:
"why it's cozy: pine ringed natural hot springs for al fresco soaking, an on-site spa, and the river rock fireplaces, and cabins made of native cobblestone and local wood"...
read the full article here.

 

click here:

to read about kaiser pass rd.

our friend doug has cancer and needs your help.



doug was the resort’s winter caretaker for 17 years and a summertime fixture that befriended many of you who enjoyed his wealth of information and friendly demeanor. please click here for his gofundme page.



 

join us this summer for sierra hiking author tony krizan's photo journey of nearby hiking areas. 

click here for scheduled presentations.

stay in touch!

get up to date news and deals delivered right to your email box.  sign up for the mono news.



 


our famous buffalo ribs


 


sierra fly fisher guiding


 


mary pat's 4th of july parade


 ward lake rainbow



home |  cabins |  activities |  health spa |  resort |  history |  campgrounds |  directions  |  contact
shaver lake museum |  huntington lake museum |  employment | friends of mono hot springs
 copyright © 2025 mono hot springs resort

sign up for our newsletter!

get area news and great specials!
signup for our free e-monomail newsletter.








×














