











troll stories
















we have been creating and making trolls since 1952 - and it's still all in the family!




















 


troll store
						shopping


new:
troll charms


retro trolls


home page


coloring pictures


trolls in schools


fauni history


 


trumpetnose
						the leader


mudhats!


troll kids


 


meet the trolls


trumpetnose


murri&merri


bugbear


boxtroll


honeylips


lituska
						guardians


moko trolls
						messengers


lilli&buster


sumppi trolls


mushrooms


noppa - poppa


little buster


muksu trolls


peetu


 


trolldom tidbits


story central


e-mail us!


 


links


 


new story: boxtroll's spaceship disappeared


 


coloring pictures!!!!




 


troll stories, troll shopping  and lots more  - all right here!
trolls of trolldom welcome you! read our troll stories, go troll-shopping in our troll catalog and read about  our troll history!
 





new!!! 
						fauni friends group on facebook!!!

join fauni friends on facebook - just click here and connect with fauni friends everywhere. we would like to thank 
						dr. fiona-jane brown for starting the group!
 video link:
						watch a short (3-minute) documentary:

troll philosophy

this was produced by students in the uncw film studies program in the spring of 2011 
						 great job - thank you! 
fauni troll blog!!!!
read about adventures and happenings in trolldom, maybe a new poem or two from trumpetnose, latest news about honeylips' inventions and so on.

click here
 
 'meet the trolls'
						click on this link to get an overview of trolldom. then you can find out more about our various troll characters by clicking on their names. or just click on the troll names on the left.

						lituska guardian troll miniature
 
 
 
 




new link

watch 
the troll story -
						a documentary film by wilmington filmmaker terry linehan on youtube

						 
video link:
click here to view our first 'home-made' video, cleverly titled: 

fauni video #1

troll charms - miniature fauni trolls - they are about 2.5-3 inches tall, $6 ea. 


jester, chef and wizard
click here to see them all!
						 

						



our miniature trolls are perfect for decorating the christmas tree, or fun, inexpensive gifts for the person who has everything. order by phone or e-mail. 




fauni troll coloring pictures
click here
 
we are really pleased to be included in the 
interesting america  website - please check it out. 

what is fauni?
this is our brand name and was the name of our company when we started making trolls in finland in 1952. our trolls were known as fauni trolls all throughout the 1950's and 1960's.  please read more about our history by clicking here


 
						new video link
click here to view
minna's trolls

produced by uncw students in the fall of 2012. please watch it and let them know how you like it!
 




trolls are twittering, too! we will post updates about what is going on at our troll store in wilmington, nc, and will also post information about our saturday story time. you'll find out about what story is planned - or send us your request!
 



 



read the story about the disappearance of boxtroll's spaceship, just click here!




did you know?
						trolls have always been a part of the scandinavian folklore, but did you know that in those old stories, most trolls were bad!
in some places, people believed that trolls could be as big as mountains. and so you would be very careful walking or hiking in the mountain areas. you certainly wouldn't want to be caught by one of the mountain trolls.
in finnish folklore, trolls were mostly bad and dangerous, and sometimes not very smart, either.

visit the troll shop -  click here




where do trolls live?
						trolls may live anywhere. some trolls live under bridges, but according to billy goats gruff, those trolls are not very friendly.
						you can find trolls living in forests, caves, gardens, backyards, the garage, even in your house.
						the trolls you meet on these pages live in trolldom - a big forest somewhere on the earth. to see any trolls, it helps to have your fairytale eyes and ears open!
						remember to read about the mudhats - they live in the mudswamp just outside of trolldom!


						what is peikko@123?
						peikko@123 is the finnish word for troll. the finnish language is very different from the other scandinavian languages..  

						other important finnish words:
kahvi - coffee
						pulla - coffee bread
silli - herring

						seasons:
						kesï¿½=summer
						kevï¿½t=spring
						talvi=winter
						syksy=fall



guardian trolls

everybody needs one!
order now! 
 



 



 




						 
e-mail:
						faunitroll@gmail.com

 















original troll characters, concept, stories and copyright by helena, minna and johannes kuuskoski
			 







