



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the mirrors category of our website. there are 13 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
2
3
next →






click any image to zoom












chinoiserie beveled glass mirror c1950

item# 12107    $395

vintage queen anne chinoiserie style mirror circa 1950. beveled glass. red and gold enamel paint on wood. excellent condition. measures 48" high x 21.5" wide.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom
























french directoire style mirror

item# 12087    $1550

french directoire style wall mirror with carved wood gold leafed frame. the central motif is a pair of doves above a flaming heart, along with arrowheads and tassels and a floral bower. original glass. the mirror dates from the late 19th century; the "made in france" stamp was required by law for items exported to the us after world war ii. overall dimensions are 57" high x 30" wide.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom











eldred wheeler courting mirror

item# 12073    $575

eldred wheeler cherry courting mirror in the 1750-1760 style. note the three cut- out hearts. excellent condition. measures 7" wide x 2" deep x 12" high. please see "eldred wheeler / a collector's guide" by emmett w. eldred, page 243, for reference to this mirror. eldred wheeler made the finest reproductions of period american furniture. the workshop is no longer in business.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom























anglo indian hand carved picture frame c1850

item# 12004    $875

anglo indian hand carved sandalwood picture frame on stand. mysore, circa 1850. exquisitely detailed. measures 12 x 7.25 inches. the picture window is 4 x 6 inches.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom












eldred wheeler tiger maple queen anne mirror

item# 11905    $435

eldred wheeler tiger maple mirror in the queen anne style of 1740-60. it measures 12.75" wide x 23.75" high. eldred wheeler was established in 1977 and is no longer in business. in its day the company made the finest copies of authentic early american furniture. please see "eldred wheeler / a collector's guide" by emmett w. eldred, page 243, for reference to this mirror.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
2
3
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







