










office of academic affairs - office of the provost





























































skip to main content










 quick links



alumni & friends
community
current students
faculty & staff
parents & family
prospective students
 


            campus resources


 







go to charlotte.edu








my unc charlotte
                





directory
                





campus events
                





library
                




prospective students


about unc charlotte


campus life


admissions


graduate admissions




faculty and staff


human resources


auxiliary services


inside unc charlotte


academic affairs




current students


athletics


financial aid


advising


student health




alumni and friends


alumni association


advancement


foundation


make a gift





close this drawer





search
    










visit charlotte.edu
 



                        office of the provost                    

division of academic affairs












main menu
home
about academic affairs

office directory
reporting to the provost
calendars


division news

messages from the provost
news articles
weekly digest


policies and procedures

academic policies & procedures
tenure policies and procedures


initiatives

general education redesign
graduation initiative


faculty & staff resources

academic budget & hr
curriculum and catalogs
faculty/staff awards & honors
handbooks
job searches / employment
policies and procedures
nc campus engagement
plans & reports
pandemic instruction


 









visit our campus 
take a virtual tour 
undergraduate admissions 
graduate admissions 


 



office of academic affairs

led by the provost and vice chancellor, the office of academic affairs is responsible for the planning, development, implementation, administration, and evaluation of the university’s programs in instruction, research, and public service. the office works closely with the deans of the colleges and the graduate school and has responsibility for making final recommendations to the chancellor, the board of trustees, and the board of governors concerning the establishment of new academic programs and the appointment, promotion, tenure, and salaries of faculty. the office also facilitates academic policies, procedures, and standards for both students and faculty, as well as publishing both the undergraduate and graduate catalogs.
meet the provost

dr. jennifer troyer is the provost and vice chancellor for academic affairs.  dr. troyer is also professor of economics in the belk college of business. since joining the university over 20 years ago, dr. troyer has served as dean of the belk college, chair of the department of economics, associate dean for research and graduate programs, the interim dean of the college of health and human services, and interim dean of the belk college of business. as a professor, she has taught numerous courses in health economics and econometrics, and she has conducted policy-relevant research on the quality of u.s. nursing homes, the cost-effectiveness of medical interventions, and strategic behavior in the pharmaceutical industry.  her research has earned several awards and been funded by the national institutes of health.
want to invite the provost to an event? contact shannon homesley. 

frequently visited



faculty awards
check out a few of the many awards that are bestowed upon our faculty for their achievements.



news from academic affairs
read the latest news from the division of academic affairs, including messages from the provost and the weekly news digest.





  contact us
704-687-5717 (phone)704-687-1457 (aa main fax)704-687-0474 (ab&p personnel fax)

email – general request
news digest request form





  location
cato hall, second floorunc charlotte main campus
map




  mailing address
contact name (or leave blank)unc charlotteattn: office of academic affairs9201 university city boulevardcharlotte, nc 28223












toggle footer menu






© 2025 unc charlotte. all rights reserved.
contact us
terms of use
university policies









campus links


alerts


jobs


make a gift


maps / directions





accessibility




resources


alumni & friends


faculty & staff


prospective students


community


current students


parents and family




stay in touch





facebook





instagram





flickr





linkedin





x (twitter)





youtube




the university of north carolina at charlotte





9201 university city blvd
charlotte, nc 28223-0001






704-687-8622



© 2025 unc charlotte. all rights reserved.
contact us
terms of use
university policies




close this drawer




return to top




















