







beverage carrier manufacturer | folding cartons | custom printed packaging







  










contact us today: 570-457-7711

















 lightning-fast lead times
 exceptional customer service
 highest quality products
 competitive pricing
 sqf certified














home


food & beverage packaging solutions


box designs


about us


equipment


contact us
















beverage packaging

folding cartons

4-pack | 6-pack | multipack




why choose nepa carton & carrier?


nepa carton & carrier leaves the competition in the dust with the fastest turnaround in the business. in most cases, we can complete your order in less than half the time of our competitors.
we manufacture custom beverage packaging and folding cartons to meet your needs. we have been serving the folding carton industry for over 40 years. nepa carton company places a special emphasis on the beverage industry with the largest variety of beverage packaging designed to meet the needs of even the smallest brewers. nepa is family owned and operated with a highly responsive team to meet your production needs.


nepa carton & carrier offers:

an in-house art department with digital plate making, digital proofing, and experienced graphic artists to assist you in packaging design.
products include, but are not limited to: beverage carriers, can wraps, cosmetic boxes, food packaging, multi-packs, frozen food boxes, 4 and 6 corner trays, packers, pop displays, litho-laminated boxes, window packaging.
we run millions of boxes and carriers but we will also run your small order as quickly and with as much care as running a million piece order. run quantities from 5,000 through millions.
we also stock  4-packs and 6-packs in plain white and plain kraft for smaller companies.



nepa carton & carrier's services:


beverage carriers / baskets
can wraps / fridge packs


cosmetic boxes
food packaging


multi-packs / variety packs
frozen food boxes


4 & 6 corner trays
boxes that require a cellophane window


and much more...





get started with a quote


request a quote







send



your message was sent.












certified by






















associate and supporing members of:
































nepa carton & carrier company, inc.
570-457-7711
northeastern pa carton co. is a full service folding carton manufacturer that can take you from concept to finished packaging in a quick, professional and cost effective manner. nepa is family owned and operated in its present location for 40 years. nepa specializes in difficult and unusual boxes designs with a special emphasis on beverage packaging. nepa manufactures 4 packs and 6 packs for the beverage industry along with a wide variety of folding carton packaging for the retail industry.

submit a quote request online



home
food & beverage packaging solutions
box designs
about us
equipment
contact us
facebook

twitter x

instagram



linkedin

youtube












copyright ©2025 nepa carton & carrier co. inc. | all rights reserved













