









	nisc | publishing africa's journals, database & books










 






























 












                                    home                                




                                    about us                                



                                    news                                



                                    products                                





                                    publish with us                                



                                    contact us                                






browse


                                journals                                

all journals
authors
subscribe



                                databases                                


                                books                                












×
input error
please enter a search keyword.




find us on
                                facebook
follow
                                us on twitter
follow us on
                                linkedin
pay online
open access












 

boxing is no cakewalk! azumah ‘ring professor’ nelson in the social history of ghanaian boxing
boxing is no cakewalk! azumah ‘ring professor’ nelson in the social history of ghanaian boxing explores the social history of boxing in ghana and its interesting nexus with the biography of azumah nelson, unquestionably ghana’s most celebrated boxer. the book posits that sports constitute more than mere games that people play. they are endowed with enormous political, cultural, economic and social power that can influence people’s lives in various ways.  
read more...  


 

quaestiones mathematicae
devoted to research articles from a wide range of mathematical areas. longer expository papers of exceptional quality are also considered. published in english, the journal receives contributions from authors around the globe and serves as an important reference source for anyone interested in mathematics.  
read more...  


 

fish, fisheries and aquatic biodiversity worldwide (ffab) 
ffab offers comprehensive information for researchers specialising in ichthyology, fisheries, aquaculture, and aquatic and marine biology. dating back to 1971, and earlier, this database collection has 1.5 million records. prominent themes covered include culture and propagation of fish and all aquaculture species, genetics and behaviour, fish taxonomy, natural history, ecology, parasites, diseases, habitat management, fish and invertebrate processing and marketing, fisheries and marine mammal research, and management. the aquatic biology collection (abc) database covers mammals, birds, plants and invertebrates. 
read more...  


 

southern african linguistics and applied language studies
articles on a wide range of linguistic topics and acts as a forum for research into all the languages of southern africa, including english and afrikaans.  
read more...  


 

south african journal of african languages
a peer-reviewed research journal devoted to the advancement of african (bantu) and khoe-san languages and literatures.  
read more...  


nisc journalscurrently 38 075 articles
nisc databasesbibliographic databases
nisc booksa variety of academic works
publish with us publish your article, journal, book or database with us 


 







latest news



                    call for papers: grazing management in a diverse and dynamic world                



                    call for papers: special issue on ai and ornithology                



                    grammaticality judgements of tense by young adult speakers of shona                



                    in memory of w richard j dean – an ornithological legend                


   more...


latest articles



                    a study of a kirchhoff-type p(x)-triharmonic problem involving two parameters                



                    concentration and cavitation in the riemann solution for the relativistic euler equations with non-ideal isothermal dusty...                



                    on p-k-convex solutions for the p-k-hessian system with the gradient term                



                    well-posedness result for the flow of maxwell viscoelastic fluid of white-metzner type                


   more...









“ since 1995, nisc has systematically built up competence and the necessary capacity in all aspects of publishing high-level research journals, with the professionalism needed to flourish in the increasingly competitive world of international research publications. no other publisher in south africa commands the necessary technical skills, experience, competence, enthusiasm and resources to the same degree as nisc, in my view.
- graham baker, editor of the south african journal of science (1973-2008)”

“ thank you for the rare experience of a set of proofs on which i can find nothing to correct! - sajp author from florida atlantic university”

“ the review process is quick and is being done within the reasonable time. after acceptance, nisc is also quick enough to send proofs and is very efficiently publishes the accepted paper online before its print version.

-  author - southern forests: a journal of forest science”

“ it has been an enriching experience working with such enthusiastic and professional people at nisc who have become more friends than business partners over the years. - stan pillar, editor of the african journal of marine science (1996-2013)”

“ the nisc partnership has benefited the indo-pacific journal of phenomenology by bringing sustainability, additional branding and marketing, a wider reach through its websites, and the added value of expertise in the very competitive world of publishing.  - chris stones, ipjp editor-in-chief since 2003”















©
                    2025                    
                         national inquiry services centre                    
                    •
                    
                        terms & conditions
                    
                    •
                    
                        privacy policy
                    
                    •
                    
                        sitemap
                    
                    •
                    
                        contact
                    







