

tropical wares - desktop utilities, wallpapers and screensavers































home
products
download
buy now
support














 products


        wallmaster pro
  wallmaster
  fx saver
  multimedia manager



 customers

  free updates
  bonus center


 need
          help?


        online tutorial
  contact support


 freebies


        free wallpapers
  wallpaper packs
  free postcard
  free email
  free cd-rom
  free trials
  sweepstakes
  more freebies



 links


        wallpaper vault
  software sites


 others


        affiliate program
  link to us




 corporate


        privacy statement
  about us




      get informed quickly when tropical wares releases new software or updates
      by subscribing the newsletter.



your email address























          thank you for coming to tropical wares! you will find some of the 
          coolest wares on the web here. they are all top-rated software and among the best of their classes
          so please don't hesitate to try them out...






 latest
                news


click here to
                see past news 







all new customers will
              now get free one-year subscription to 3d
              passion (a $19.95 value!). 3d-passion.com offers high quality
              computer wallpapers from various styles such as science-fiction,
              fantasy, universe, landscapes, abstracts and more, available in
              various resolutions (800x600, 1024x768, 1280x1024,
              and 1600x1200) that will fit any computer screen. their wallpapers
            are exclusive, not available elsewhere.
conflict with avg anti virus
we have received reports from users that after installing 
            the latest update of avg anti virus software, 
            they keep getting bsod (blue screen of death) or got their computers crashed. this has nothing to do
            with wallmaster and we are waiting for avg to patch it. please contact avg
            support to resolve this issue or replace your avg with another anti virus software.
            we can recommend avast home (free) here - http://www.avast.com 








wallmaster pro™
                v4.0a




 superb wallpaper management utility for window










see more



download



buy
                  now




            tired of staring at the same boring wallpaper everyday? 
            then get this superb and easy-to-use wallpaper changer utility now. wallmaster pro allows you
            to use any of your favorite images as desktop wallpaper instantly. it supports more than
            30 popular image formats (including bmp, jpg, gif, png, tif, pcd,
            fpx, jbg, etc) and even
            allows you to use html file as wallpaper, great for putting animation, sound clip, or
            movie on your desktop.
            
            "wallmaster pro is a cut above the competition!"
             - pc world
            
            "wallmaster pro is killer!"
             - vicki from passtheshareware.com

            "it's easily the best i have ever seen."
             - adam ince 
            more wallmaster pro reviews










wallmaster™
                v2.4e




free versatile wallpaper changer utility for everyone










see more



download





            wallmaster inherits the basic key features of its commercial brother, 
            wallmaster pro. you can program the desktop 
            wallpaper to change at a predetermined time interval (e.g. every 10 
            minutes) and customize the wallpaper position (tile, center, fit to 
            screen, auto fit, or custom) easily. wallmaster also lets you to use 
            bmp, jpg, gif, png, pcx, tga, and tif images as your desktop 
            wallpaper. its cool and unique features make it one of the best and 
            most popular wallpaper utilities ever made.

            
            "very professionally done - and free! it's great."
             - david kotchan
            
            "wallmaster is a tour de force!"
             - martin abel
            
            "i'm sticking my neck out. are you impressed?"
             - ken west
            









fx
                savert v2.0c




easily
                create your own personalized screen saver










see more



download



buy now



fx saver
            enables you to easily create your own photo slide-show screen saver enhanced with cool
            special effects (over 2000 effect combinations) and sounds (mid, wav
            and mp3) within minutes! 
 fx saver now available in three
            editions: regular, toolbox, and toolbox
            professional. the toolbox editions give you the capability
            to create self-installing screen savers which you can share with
            your friends and family.

            "intuitive, nice array of options, professional.."
             - zdnet reviewer
            "the wallmaster pro of screen savers"
             - david previs
            "fx saver is a great product!"
             - charlie
            more fx saver reviews










multimedia manager
                v2.5a




an all-in-one multimedia viewer, player and manager










see more



download



buy now




multimedia manager is a full-featured multimedia software 
            to view images, play audio/video clips and manage your multimedia files in style. 
            multimedia manager supports many popular multimedia formats (bmp, jpg, gif, png, pcx, 
            tif, tga, pcd, wmf, ico, mp3, mid, wav, au, snd, avi, mov, cur, ani, etc) and incorporates 
            many cool and unique features.
          
            
            "it's a great managing tool for me"                     
             - jens ole malmgren
            
            "multimedia manager is one great program"
             - alan callaghan
            
            "i congratulate you on your nice software"
             - bob imhof
            










we respect our customers and always provide timely support for our software.
          if you need any assistance, please feel free to contact us anytime.
          







 search
                the site








              search for: 
              

                



thanks again for visiting tropical wares and have fun surfing our site!
            



wallmaster pro™ and wallmaster™ are registered trademarks of tropical wares.
      fx saver™ is a registered trademark of tropical wares.
      
image express™ is a registered trademark of tropical wares.
      
















for technical support questions, please send to support@tropicalwares.com

    copyright © 1998-2008 tropical wares.
 	  





