









	nisc | publishing africa's journals, database & books










 






























 












                                    home                                




                                    about us                                



                                    news                                



                                    products                                





                                    publish with us                                



                                    contact us                                






browse


                                journals                                

all journals
authors
subscribe



                                databases                                


                                books                                












×
input error
please enter a search keyword.




find us on
                                facebook
follow
                                us on twitter
follow us on
                                linkedin
pay online
open access












 

southern african linguistics and applied language studies
articles on a wide range of linguistic topics and acts as a forum for research into all the languages of southern africa, including english and afrikaans.  
read more...  


 

african journal of aids research 
african journal of aids research (ajar) is a peer-reviewed research journal publishing papers that make an original contribution to the understanding of social dimensions of hiv/aids in african contexts.  
read more...  


 

investment analysts journal
the investment analysts journal is the official journal of the investment analysts society of south africa. the journal publishes significant new research in finance and investments and seeks to establish a balance between theoretical and empirical studies. papers written in any areas of finance, investment, accounting and economics will be considered for publication.  
read more...  


 

we can: black politics in cradock, south africa 1948-1985 
the author demonstrates the general tensions that dogged activists in the liberation struggle from the 1930s through the 1980s; how sport, church, education and beer hall recreation were used for different political outcomes. he shows how youth incrementally pushed the struggle to higher levels of intensity. there is a moment, about 1983-84, in we can, when charismatic cradock teacher-activist matthew goniwe managed to get african clergy, youth, and elite to transcend their differences. but a complex youth-based grassroots movement, in various communities guises, as well as a militarized response from the apartheid state, set the agenda for a new south africa by this time. tetelman's book adds significant value to south africa's protest literature. it enhances our understanding of the complexity of struggle at local level, and it fleshes out our national narrative. 
read more...  


 

fish, fisheries and aquatic biodiversity worldwide (ffab) 
ffab offers comprehensive information for researchers specialising in ichthyology, fisheries, aquaculture, and aquatic and marine biology. dating back to 1971, and earlier, this database collection has 1.5 million records. prominent themes covered include culture and propagation of fish and all aquaculture species, genetics and behaviour, fish taxonomy, natural history, ecology, parasites, diseases, habitat management, fish and invertebrate processing and marketing, fisheries and marine mammal research, and management. the aquatic biology collection (abc) database covers mammals, birds, plants and invertebrates. 
read more...  


nisc journalscurrently 38 075 articles
nisc databasesbibliographic databases
nisc booksa variety of academic works
publish with us publish your article, journal, book or database with us 


 







latest news



                    call for papers: grazing management in a diverse and dynamic world                



                    call for papers: special issue on ai and ornithology                



                    grammaticality judgements of tense by young adult speakers of shona                



                    in memory of w richard j dean – an ornithological legend                


   more...


latest articles



                    a study of a kirchhoff-type p(x)-triharmonic problem involving two parameters                



                    concentration and cavitation in the riemann solution for the relativistic euler equations with non-ideal isothermal dusty...                



                    on p-k-convex solutions for the p-k-hessian system with the gradient term                



                    well-posedness result for the flow of maxwell viscoelastic fluid of white-metzner type                


   more...









“ since 1995, nisc has systematically built up competence and the necessary capacity in all aspects of publishing high-level research journals, with the professionalism needed to flourish in the increasingly competitive world of international research publications. no other publisher in south africa commands the necessary technical skills, experience, competence, enthusiasm and resources to the same degree as nisc, in my view.
- graham baker, editor of the south african journal of science (1973-2008)”

“ perhaps the most important change, in terms of bringing the journal to a wider audience, has been its publishing in collaboration with the nisc (pty) ltd. - stan pillar, editor of the african journal of marine science (1996-2013)”

“ the review process is quick and is being done within the reasonable time. after acceptance, nisc is also quick enough to send proofs and is very efficiently publishes the accepted paper online before its print version.

-  author - southern forests: a journal of forest science”

“ excellent attention by editor-in-chief; very good work of reviewers; good time for review and processing. - author - african journal of range & forage science ”

“ the paper was wonderfully laid out and rapidly published - author- ostrich: journal of african ornithology”















©
                    2025                    
                         national inquiry services centre                    
                    •
                    
                        terms & conditions
                    
                    •
                    
                        privacy policy
                    
                    •
                    
                        sitemap
                    
                    •
                    
                        contact
                    







