





















on top of the world resales | ocala, florida | we sell the world!

































 














×





why choose us
ocala lifestyle
on top of the world lifestyle
contact us





















 






skip to content







   














home
about us 

why choose us


find a home 

view our resales
view our rentals
otow property management


area information 

on top of the world lifestyle
ocala lifestyle


contact us





























we list and sell all of marion county florida


find your new home!








resale villas and single
family homes in florida




let otow real estate makes your buying and selling experience simple and easy! otow is committed to helping you every step of the way. lending our years of experience to helping you navigate the buying and selling process. we sell throughout marion county and on top of the world communities, so we have a first-hand knowledge of what it takes to help you with your home buying and selling needs. conveniently located in circle square commons just outside on top of the world, we are able to show the best and broadest selection of properties when it best fits your schedule. our unique, personalized buying experience will help you start your new journey to a better retirement, and our expert real estate agents will help you sell your home with ease.


our services


we believe that great customer service, personalized service, and attention to detail are the key to building lasting relationships with our clients.


customer service


we pride ourselves on putting our customers first. we believe in creating lasting relationships with our clients and our tenants.


maximum exposure


on top of the world property management gets maximum online exposure by listing your rental property everywhere.


dedicated experts


professional real estate and property management experts that represent on top of the world properties.


faster results


we are committed to delivering faster results for your rental property through increased traffic.





find out why people
love living in florida


your premiere
marion county &
on top of the world
real estate company


the ocala lifestyle, characterized by its gently rolling hills, equestrian farms and better quality of life, is what many active adults dream of when choosing a place to call home. here residents enjoy nature, parks, nearby historic towns and a lower cost of living in central florida. ocala is centrally located near the university of florida in gainesville, and just a short drive away you will find tampa, orlando, st. augustine, jacksonville, and atlantic and gulf coast beaches.














your new home
is waiting!




let one of our experienced real estate agents help you find your next home.






find my home!





looking to sell
your home?


tired of the daunting task of trying to sell your home? let marion county’s best real estate agency help you sell your home with ease!




sell my home!why hire otow real estate?you will get better results and find a house that fits your lifestyle, with our expert realtors.




on top of the world real estate has the expertise you deserve to find you the perfect house. with over 150 years of combined experience, our agents listen to your needs and takes the stress out of moving to a new area. let us show you why we are the premier real estate firm in ocala, fl.




learn more


free analysis for property owners





complete this form and we’ll get your report to you fast.











get in touch with us






still have questions? fill out the form and our team will get back to you with answers.









contact us





office hours


monday-saturday: 9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
sunday: 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.


phone number


352-854-2394


email address


resales@otowfl.net


hq address


8413 sw 80th street
suite 3
ocala, fl 34481

























 selling your home? list with the leader in sales! we sell on top of the world communities and surrounding areas. otow has on-site offices, and are able to show the best and broadest selection of properties when it best fits your schedule.




contact 




(352) 854-2394


mon – sat: 9am – 5pm sun: 10am – 5pm


8413 sw 80th street, suite #3, ocala, fl 34481


resales@otowfl.net






quick linkswhy choose us
ocala lifestyle
on top of the world lifestyle
contact us
 







© 2024 on top of the world of marion county, llc | all rights reserved
privacy policy | terms & conditions




 1-352-854-2394 |  sales@otowfl.com






































