






ecotarium








































































skip to content





























 



get ticketsplan your visitmembershipdonatevolunteercareersnews 






				search			















menu 




×
visit us hours & information museum amenities group visitsevents calendar february 17 – norton|saint-gobain: free admission community day featuring usa luge for the norton challenge february 17 through 21 – february vacation week: prehistoric planet february 21 – ecotarium 200th anniversary mural installation february 26 – 200th anniversary lyceum #1 march 8 – speaker series: astrophysics april 5 – “change the world” celebration mesmericaexperiences alden planetarium explorer express train otter encounters speaker series: astrophysics200th anniversaryoutdoor explorationsindoor explorationsprograms & education early learning: ready, set, steam! camp programs night journeys naturalist program homeschool programs school and group programsprivate parties & rentals birthday parties facility rentalssupport us donate make a gift to celebrate the ecotarium’s 200th anniversary membership community partnerships symbolic animal adoption volunteer subscribe to our newsletterabout us news history about us siegfried the stegosaurus the edward howe forbush naturalist award board of trustees contact us careers















































get ticketsplan your visitmembershipdonatevolunteercareersnews










				search			



search



 











visit us hours & information museum amenities group visitsevents calendar february 17 – norton|saint-gobain: free admission community day featuring usa luge for the norton challenge february 17 through 21 – february vacation week: prehistoric planet february 21 – ecotarium 200th anniversary mural installation february 26 – 200th anniversary lyceum #1 march 8 – speaker series: astrophysics april 5 – “change the world” celebration mesmericaexperiences alden planetarium explorer express train otter encounters speaker series: astrophysics200th anniversaryoutdoor explorationsindoor explorationsprograms & education early learning: ready, set, steam! camp programs night journeys naturalist program homeschool programs school and group programsprivate parties & rentals birthday parties facility rentalssupport us donate make a gift to celebrate the ecotarium’s 200th anniversary membership community partnerships symbolic animal adoption volunteer subscribe to our newsletterabout us news history about us siegfried the stegosaurus the edward howe forbush naturalist award board of trustees contact us careers














×
visit us hours & information museum amenities group visitsevents calendar february 17 – norton|saint-gobain: free admission community day featuring usa luge for the norton challenge february 17 through 21 – february vacation week: prehistoric planet february 21 – ecotarium 200th anniversary mural installation february 26 – 200th anniversary lyceum #1 march 8 – speaker series: astrophysics april 5 – “change the world” celebration mesmericaexperiences alden planetarium explorer express train otter encounters speaker series: astrophysics200th anniversaryoutdoor explorationsindoor explorationsprograms & education early learning: ready, set, steam! camp programs night journeys naturalist program homeschool programs school and group programsprivate parties & rentals birthday parties facility rentalssupport us donate make a gift to celebrate the ecotarium’s 200th anniversary membership community partnerships symbolic animal adoption volunteer subscribe to our newsletterabout us news history about us siegfried the stegosaurus the edward howe forbush naturalist award board of trustees contact us careers










 















 
norton|saint-gobain: free admission community day featuring usa luge for the norton challengefebruary 17 - join us for a free admission community day during our february vacation week and don’t miss your opportunity to experience the sport of luge with the usa luge team!


learn more


 


 
celebrating 200 years of science and natureon january 1, 2025, the ecotarium turned 200 years old! to celebrate, over 200 fun and engaging programs and events are planned for 2025!


learn more


 


 
february vacation week: prehistoric planetfebruary 17 through 21 - what was the world like when dinosaurs roamed the earth? dig into geology and paleontology with us to learn about the history of our planet and all its incredible creatures.


learn more


 


 
building expansion coming soon!in 2025, the ecotarium will celebrate its bicentennial! to mark this milestone, we are expanding our museum by adding the new 8,200 square foot stoddard exhibition hall and developing an early childhood science learning center.


learn more


 


 
ecotarium 200th anniversary mural installation!february 21 - celebrate 200 years of community, science, and discovery with the installation of our stunning 200th celebration mural.


learn more


 


 
ecotarium 200th anniversary lyceum #1february 26 - the ecotarium is partnering with the worcester public library to offer our first 200th anniversary lyceum! join us at the worcester public library to learn about the history of the ecotarium and the lyceum movement.


learn more


 


 
"change the world" celebration!april 5 - unleash your inner child and experience the ecotarium after dark. enjoy the exhibits, animal encounters, a silent auction, music, a selection of drinks and appetizers, and more! it’s a night of exploration, connection, and fun for adults of all ages!


learn more


 


 
otter encountersslydell and daisy are inviting you to lunch! get up close to our otters and feed them their favorite foods.


learn more


 


 
planetariumthe all-new alden planetarium! daily shows and learning experiences for visitors of all ages. 


learn more


 


 
science discovery want more hands-on science? catch our free, daily, educator-led science discovery programs!


learn more


 


 
adopt an animalour symbolic adoption program is an opportunity to support our beloved animals at the ecotarium!


learn more 


 
































welcome to the ecotarium - 
explore exhibits from wherever you are with our virtual tour!






the ecotarium museum of science and nature in worcester, massachusetts, offers an indoor-outdoor experience to visitors of all ages. guests are encouraged to explore three floors of indoor interactive exhibits, live animal habitats, daily science discovery programs, hikes through forest and meadow nature trails, outdoor imaginative play, and a train ride (seasonal) around the 45+ acre campus. 













get tickets












plan your visit












education programs












calendar







































exhibits


















outdoor animals & living collections


see who's living at the ecotarium! encounter a wide variety of animals, from owls to turtles to bald eagles.  









wild cat station


two mountain lions and several native bird species are at the center of wild cat station, a new spectacular outdoor exhibit. grass, trees, and rocky alcoves allow the cats to utilize their natural abilities of climbing, scratching and jumping. 









animal corner


meet native animals you rarely see. several have come out of hiding to live in the animal corner building on the museum’s lower courtyard. 









alden planetarium


explore the far reaches of the universe in our planetarium. be inspired by the breathtaking visuals and state-of-the-art graphics.  









nature explore® outdoor exhibit


our expansive outdoor exhibit features several play areas, each with its own theme. each area offers unique and innovative outdoor experiences designed to engage children and their families through activities such as building, digging, nature art, climbing, music and movement. 









secrets of the forest


uncover what's living. unlike the forests in your neighborhood, this one has plenty of comfortable places to sit... and a small stage. 









city science: the science you live


discover the hidden science stories all around us at the ecotarium’s hands-on interactive exhibit, city science. this immersive exploration of the modern city allows visitors to investigate the science we encounter every day but rarely stop to consider. 









the arctic next door: mount washington


the arctic next door takes visitors on a virtual journey to explore the weather and geology of mount washington. 









freshwater


explore the many freshwater habitats of the new england region-- from woodland streams to bogs and marshes, ponds and swamps.  









water planet


explore how one of our most vital resources shapes our planet. 









curator’s workshop


enter the office of an 1820's natural history curator! this touching-approved area allows visitors to handle and investigate real seashells, gems, fossils, and bones. 









natural history showcase


the ecotarium owns a natural history collection of over 50,000 specimens. each quarter, we will pull one of the hidden gems from our collection to put on display. 









mineral dome


the mineral dome contains 100 rare crystals and stones displayed under beautiful hand-painted skylights. 









scenic paths and trails


scenic trails, new england meadows and ecosystems. keep your eyes open as you explore meadow, pond and forest environments. 









upper and lower ponds


minutes from downtown worcester yet a world away, the ponds and grounds at the ecotarium are worth exploring in every season. two ponds (upper & lower) stationed on the property offer many opportunities to observe nature, wildlife or discover something new. 


























new indoor exhibits at the ecotarium!



the ecotarium's museum building features three floors of hands-on, interactive exhibits that explore the natural and physical sciences and our new england environment. each year, the museum welcomes dynamic traveling exhibits, as well as houses permanent installations that make creative use of the museum's natural history collection and living wildlife. our exhibits make learning fun and are designed to engage a family audience. 







learn more





















get involved





















membership




 
















donate




 
















volunteer




 
















careers




 
















eco-partners




 









 



























connect with ecotarium















visit our facebook page





visit our instagram page





visit our linkedin page





 









receive our news














please enter a valid email address.




go



something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.















































our mission






to inspire a passion for science and nature. 













hours






monday: closedtuesday: 10:00 - 5:00 pmwednesday: 10:00 - 5:00 pmthursday: 10:00 - 5:00 pmfriday: 10:00 - 5:00 pmsaturday: 10:00 - 5:00 pmsunday: 10:00 - 5:00 pm 











contact us






address:
222 harrington way
worcester, ma 01604
phone: 508‍ ‍929 2700
fax: 508‍ ‍929 2701
email: info@ecotarium.org












download our accessibility app






download the ecotarium explorer app today!  




































copyright ©2025, ecotarium


























































 

scroll to top

















