












lake austin wake lessons | est. 2000 - lake lessons




























































512-947-7160
instruct@lakelessons.com















wake lessons
kids wake camp
wake boat charters
 


select page


  
 
 














providing austin wake lessons since 2000
book yours today














lake austin & lake travis wake boat charters
find your captain
















explore the lake
wake lessons for all ages & boat charters
it is our goal to provide a high level of coaching for any age or skill level in a fun and safe environment conducive to excelling in water sports!





choose your adventure:





wake lessons

we provide lessons to people of all ages and skill sets. whether it’s learning how to get up on a board or performing advanced tricks, our instructors can teach you how.

sign up for lessons



boat charter

enjoy time on the lake with friends and let our boat captian safely navigate the water while you relax or show your friends how to surf! we provide all the equipment you need.

book a captain



wake camp

we offer full day and half-day camps to children of all ages. we provide a high level of coaching for any skill level and provide a safe environment for children to learn water sports.

learn about camp

























top notch instructors

our instructors are not only some of the top riders in the state & country but also experienced at water instruction of all kinds. our motto is “first time, every time!” this means that even if you have never wakeboarded or wakesurfed before, we guarantee we can get you up during your first lesson (and in some cases your first attempt!), as well as teach you how to get up every time!

try out wake lessons







kids wake camp

we offer full day and half day camps. our camps have an excellent instructor to student ratio with each camp (boat) having two instructors and only 6-9 kids. this arrangement allows for plenty of individualized attention and “water time” for those who are really trying to excel in the sport of wakeboarding or those brand new to the sport!

sign up for camp















quality equipment for charter

when you may not need lessons but need a captain for your wake adventure, boat charters are the perfect option. we can captain your boat or provide one for you. all equipment such as boards, skis, and life jackets are provided upon request.

find a captain



 









contact us

512-947-7160
instruct@lakelessons.com



 

























