






dwa search | recruiting for technology, semiconductor equipment, materials, chemicals, engineering and energy companies





































job hunters

job listings
submit résumé
job hunting hints


employers

need a search?
search process


about us
contact
home
 


select page


  
 



 



 















who is dwa search?dick williams & associates (dwa search) was founded in 1988 by dick williams, a semiconductor sales and marketing executive with over 30 years of organizing and directing sales groups.
about us
 

 
 





search processmeeting the requirements of a job search assignment for recruiting qualified technical personnel must be tailored to meet the special needs of the client.
learn more
 

 
 





job hunting hintsmany seekers of high tech and professional jobs are misinformed about our role in the search process of technical recruiting.
get informed
 

 
 





job listingshere is our list of searches that dwa is currently working on. perhaps you have some friends looking or maybe they are of interest to you.
find your career
 

 
 





recruiting for your companywe know you are looking for good people, not just good statistics. our recruitment process goes beyond traditional computer searches, advertisements and resume files.
search
 

 
 





enter our candidate databasesubmit your resume so that we may connect you with companies recruiting those qualified in semiconductor equipment, material, chemical, automation, construction and it positions.
submit resume
 

 
 
 
 
 







job listings

here is our list of searches that dwa is currently working on. perhaps you have friends looking or maybe they are of interest to you. if some of these fit you, let us know and we will send details.

 
 
 




job hunting hints

if you have been downsized in today’s soft market, there are numerous things you can immediately do. our primary responsibility is to find qualified candidates for our clients.

 
 
 




submit your résumé

submit your résumé. we’ll connect you with companies recruiting those qualified in semiconductor equipment, material, chemical, automation, construction and it positions.

 
 
 
 
 




recruiting for technology,
semiconductor equipment, materials, chemicals,
engineering and energy companies

i'm seeking a new careeri need skilled employees






 



dwa recruiting
dick williams and associates (dwa search) is an experienced recruiting firm with strong connections to all of the major technology, construction, engineering and energy companies throughout the u.s., europe, latin america and asia. we have the expertise and resources to quickly locate highly qualified candidates to fit your critical positions. we also help qualified candidates find that “just right opportunity” with a top flight company.
if you seek highly qualified, pre-screened technical candidates with a strong work ethic, or if you are one of those candidates seeking greater opportunities, then we are the right search company for your recruitment or job search needs.
 
how do we find good people for great jobs?
industries are constantly changing. we remain in frequent contact with industry leaders, executives and managers through personal communications, trade shows, seminars, publications, social media and referrals that have been developed through our combined seventy years in the both hi-tech, construction, engineering and energy jobs’ industries.
because we have been executives in these industries ourselves, we know the kinds of problems that you face every day in finding qualified people or a great job that matches your skills. we have first-hand experience in sales, marketing, operations, business development, consulting, product development and launch, processing, equipment design/development, purchasing, channel marketing and sales and customer service and support. we understand recruiting from the manager’s point of view.
 
 
 
 





submit your résumé






 



what is our recruiting specialty?
our hi-tech and semiconductor jobs expertise includes:

presidents, executive vps, cfos, general and operations managers
vice presidents, sales, marketing executives, key account executives, product managers
engineering directors and managers, engineers, mechanical, electrical, software
directors of supply chain, purchasing managers
product managers, channel managers, marketing communications
technical directors, process and application engineers
field service managers and engineers
it solutions architects and programmers

 download hi-tech recruiting brochure
 
 
 
 
 



7901 stoneridge drive, suite 240 | pleasanton, ca 94588 | phone: 925 227 1190 | info@dwasearch.com
 
 
 
 



dwa search
7901 stoneridge drive suite 320 pleasanton, ca 94588


 




job listings
job hunting hints
submit résumé
need a search?
search process
our staff
contact
home










  


 
 
 



© 1997- 2023 dick williams & associates  | se2quel partners llc | all rights reserved  

 
 
 








