















snyder, tx | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in















 










  





 
 



  
 












search







 
 
 




    city government      departments      services      community      how do i...?  


 

 

 

 

 

















 














online payments








report a concern








city directory








employment








alert signup










 
 
 



 














latest news
stay up to date
 






  
 
 
















city of snyder accepting bids on real property 


the city of snyder is now accepting bids on real property. interested parties are encouraged to review the bid details and submit their proposals before the stated deadline of february 14, 2025.						read on...







office of emergency management: public notice 


due to the anticipated cold temperatures and possible wet weather expected to impact our area on wednesday and thursday, the office of emergency management will be opening two (2) warming centers.						read on...







atmos energy: winter weather safety tips 


bitter cold weather is on the way! atmos energy is closely monitoring the situation and offers important safety tips to help you stay warm and safe.						read on...







city of snyder encourages residents to recycle this holiday season 


the holiday season is here, bringing joy, festivities—and plenty of waste. from wrapping paper and bows to cardboard boxes and christmas trees, the city of snyder reminds residents to recycle responsibly and reduce holiday waste wherever possible.						read on...







city of snyder launches campaign to promote permitting and compliance for safe, successful projects 


the city of snyder is launching a campaign to help residents and businesses understand permitting requirements, streamline the process, and ensure your projects are safe and compliant.						read on...







city of snyder partners with 12-year-old artist for public art campaign 


the city of snyder is thrilled to announce the unveiling of a unique public art installation created by a talented local artist, 12-year-old ysabel hombrebueno, a 6th-grade student in snyder.						read on...







city of snyder launches facade grant program to revitalize local businesses 


the city of snyder is excited to announce the launch of its facade grant program, a strategic initiative aimed at revitalizing the town and supporting local businesses. the program provides a 75% matching grant to reimburse up to $25,000.						read on...






notice of water pressure repairs 


crews working on booster station						read on...







city of snyder receives texas recycles day grant  from keep texas beautiful 


keep snyder beautiful receives funding to strengthen recycling in snyder, texas						read on...







city of snyder accepting bids on real property 


the city of snyder is now accepting bids on real property. interested parties are encouraged to review the bid details and submit their proposals before the stated deadline.						read on...







city of snyder completes lead service line inventory: no lead detected 


the city of snyder is committed to providing safe, quality water to our community. following the completion of a required lead service line inventory, we are pleased to confirm that no lead was found in any of our water service lines.						read on...







snyder receives our texas, our future grant from keep texas beautiful 


ktb awards 12 affiliate communities with a community improvement grant from h-e-b						read on...







city of snyder and snyder isd partner to launch annual bottle recycling challenge 


bottle collection will be from november 11th to november 13th, between 7:20 am and 8:00 am at each snyder isd campus.						read on...







snyder's drinking water contains safe, natural fluoride levels 


the city of snyder's drinking water contains naturally occurring fluoride at levels below federal recommendations, meeting all safety standards for public consumption.						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





















 city calendar




 city calendar










february 2025




su


m


tu


w


th


f


sa




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1







there are no published events in current month.


view all




/calendar.aspx









 
 
 








 
 
 









 










 





 
 
 














contact us
questions / feedback
 






  
 
 














	city of snyder            1925 24th street            snyder, tx 79549            phone:  325-573-4957            fax:  325-573-7505


home            contact us            site map            accessibility            copyright notices         government websites by civicplus®       
 






  
 
 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









