



  



go2altitude



































 





aviation 

sports science 

 

 

go2altitudeâ® 

1998-2025 biomedtech australia pty. ltd. 

 

 


 



welcome to go2altitudeâ® recently discovered phenomenon of intermittent hypoxic training (iht) has been proven by practical experience and numerous scientific trials to be most efficient and practical simulated altitude training method for human and equine athletes. invented by us in 2005 new method of iht with hyperoxic recovery (also known as ihht) additionally optimizes the training.

short-term bursts of low and high oxygen air breathing doubles training efficiency. the response to mild hypoxia training stimuli is almost instant triggering cascade of effects facilitated by hif. simply speaking, repetitive "signals" that are sent to the body multiple times during the sessions are more beneficial than a single long-lasting one hypoxia exposure.

top athletes worldwide use and praise go2altitudeâ® hypoxicator for its efficacy and convenience in operation. over the past 10 years we have received hundreds of great testimonials from our international customers.

new advance in smart go2altitudeâ® technology: vital air fully automated biofeedback-controlled  hypoxicator system with touch screen user interface, individual programme wizard, oxygen recovery and hypoxic training index (hti)  

 new breakthrough technology, fully automated biofeedback control,  optimal training for each user,  oxygen recovery & hypoxic training index  calculated,  automated hypoxic test to establish your own
     individual reaction,  easy to operate,  for personal and commercial use, go2altitudeâ® is manufactured by a quality assured company that is involved in research and development for over 10 years. 
team work of doctors, engineers and scientist allowed us to produce the most advanced hypoxicators in the world. go2altitudeâ® is a true leader and innovator in the research and development of hypoxia training.

"i am convinced that iht contributed to the excellent results..." dr john hellemans "... 
the intangible feeling of well being, and amount of energy and vigour which came as a welcome residue ..."
thomas r eanelli, md "...i climbed mt kilimanjaro in tanzania, east africa august, 2003, and know the iht played a big part in my success. i did not get high altitude sickness..."


