



lake fork fishing guide richie white















 





white family services
to supplement a seasonal business and allow his wife to homeschool the kids,  richie created white family services. this business unites the diverse strengths of all 4 members of richie's household to find solutions to your needs. we have minimal overhead and beaurocracy, enabling us to finish projects in the time it takes to get started with other tech businesses. act now, and our labor rate is currently only $25/hour for the duration of your project.


 what we can do for you

 web design
 web programming 
 database management
 video editing
 search engine optimization
 social media integration



 contact info

phone: 903-439-2266
email: richie@bassfishing.org
website: www.whitefamilyservices.com























lake fork

lake fork fishing report
what makes lake fork so good
when to go to lake fork

seasonal patterns

lake fork night fishing
lake fork winter pattern
lake fork pre-spawn pattern
lake fork spawn pattern
lake fork post-spawn pattern
lake fork early summer pattern
lake fork mid summer pattern
lake fork late summer pattern
lake fork fall pattern



lake fork misc fishing

lake fork stocking information
lake fork angling opportunities
lake fork bag limits
lake fork bank fishing
lake fork characteristics
lake fork fishing records
lake fork tournaments



lake fork area

lake fork boat maintenance
lake fork pipeline
lake fork maps
lake fork motels
lake fork nearby attractions
lake fork upscale lodging





lake fork fishing guide

lake fork guide richie white
book a guide trip
richie white on facebook
client feedback
guaranteed fish
take a kid fishing
fishing gift certificate
lake fork group trip



bass fishing tips

fishing trip checklist
choosing the right bait
cover vs. structure
bass fishing rules of thumb
how to anchor a boat
how to catch a monster bass

electronics

understanding electronics
how to set a graph
how to read a graph
how to choose a graph
how to use a graph


how to pitch a lure
how to land a fish
how to take a good picture
how to tie a good knot

baitcasting reels

how to throw a baitcasting reel
how to fill a baitcasting reel
how to tweak a baitcasting reel


how to unhang baits
how to work a texas rig worm
how to work a topwater lure
how to learn from birds




									bass fishing articles
								

dallas fishing
advanced sight fishing for bass
moon phases and bass fishing part 1
moon phases and bass fishing part 2
moon phases and bass fishing part 3
moon phases and bass fishing part 4
moon phases and bass fishing part 5
solunar tables



basslog





basslog site
basslog blog
basslog part 1
basslog part 2
basslog part 3
basslog changes




basslog moon phase articles
moon phases and bass fishing part 1
moon phases and bass fishing part 2
moon phases and bass fishing part 3
moon phases and bass fishing part 4
moon phases and bass fishing part 5
moon phases and bass fishing part 6




basslog articles - seasons
october fishing
december fishing
cold water tactics
crankbaits in cold water
lipless crankbaits in cold water
cold water tactics part 4
sight fishing for bass part 1
sight fishing for bass part 2
sight fishing for bass part 3
summer fishing for bass part 1
summer fishing for bass part 2
summer fishing for bass part 3




basslog articles - lures
skirted jigs - basslog blog
lure colors part 1
lure colors part 2
jigging spoons for bass
spinnerbaits
top spring baits
post-spawn topwater baits
carolina rigs part 1
carolina rigs part 2












 


home

lake fork fishing guide




 
lake fork fishing guide richie white
lake fork fishing guide richie white has put together a wealth of information on lake fork and on bass fishing since the creation of bassfishing.org in 1995. richie has been a full-time guide since 1990. in 1994, he graduated from college and his guiding took a back seat as he pursued a profession in database and website technology.
					after 6 years of corporate database programming experience, he got his loans paid off and moved back to the lake area and got back into full-time guiding. since 2002, he has been utilizing both his guiding and his database experience to make bassfishing.org what it is today. this site has been completely redesigned about every 3-4 years. the latest redesign is in 2017, primarily to accomodate mobile visitors and promote fishing videos.


check out our newest youtube video! 
 bassfishing.org is a website that combines big bass pictures and videos, bass fishing articles and tips, lake fork seasonal patterns and information pages, fishing reports, a sight fishing ebook, an online client booking system, and even an interactive online bass fishing log.

this site is organized in a way that you can go directly to any page - or you can click the next button (below every article) and navigate your way through the entire site. there is so much information, bookmark it and visit it when you have a lot of time on your hands. richie's latest obsession is fishing videos of his clients catching fish. he put up his first  video around the year 2000 - and almost nobody had the internet speed to watch it. times have changed. video technology is finally here where even an amateur photographing fishing guide has the potential to put out something worth watching. visit the site regularly to see how much richie can improve his videos and learn from all his video recording mistakes.
home | next→ 



 








contact

lake fork fishing guide richie white


								phone: 903-439-2266
							

richie@bassfishing.org





site links

home
book a trip
fishing guide info
fishing report
basslog online
sight fishing e-book



fishing reports
subscribe to get richie's reports and occasional discounted trip offers.





subscribe



























www.bassfishing.org - since 1995

whitefamilyservices.com how can we serve you?
			











 
