



































ucp san diego
































































submit








./
adult/
assistive/
children/
overview/
equipment/
pediatric/
support/
funding/
respitality/
information/
volunteer/
contact/
financial/
events/
endowment/
careers/
what_is_cp/


homeadult day programsassistive technologychildren's servicesoverviewequipment lendingpediatric dme loan programfamily supportgrants and fundingrespitality programrespite careinformation and referralvolunteercontact usmission_visionfinancial reportseventsendowment fundcareerswhat is cp?
























 what is cp?
 about us



 mission & vision
 financial reports
 endowment fund
 careers




 programs



 overview
 adult day programs
 assistive technology
 children's services
 equipment lending
 family support
 grants & funding
 information & referral
 pediatric durable medical equipment loan program
 respitality
 respite care




 events
 contact us
 volunteer



 
 
 





north county respite care program












	ucp north county provides in-home, non-medical/non-behavioral respite. respite services offer a much needed weekly break to family and ihss caregivers. respite caregivers are scheduled to visit in 2 - 4 hour shifts. respite clients of all ages can enjoy preferred activities, work on goals, or share a meal and have some fun with their respite caregiver.the program was designed by ucp’s director of programs, gill hennessey, and is managed by respite program coordinator lisa lipsey. “we will do our best to find a respite routine that works for your family. our hope is that the rest of the household will take time for themselves. go shopping, attend to self-care, spend time with your other children, take a walk, or take a nap! our goal is to bring enrichment and high quality care to our clients, and bring support to family caregivers, all in the safety and comfort of a familiar environment,” said lipsey.learn more




























our mission is to advance the independence, productivity and full citizenship of people affected by cerebral palsy and other disabilities.















sign up and
you won't miss a thing!




	you'll get news and information, learn about upcoming events, and find ways that you can get involved and make a difference.





subscribe





×
























ucp is local, providing adult day programs in both san diego and escondido, assistive technology, children's services including a toy lending library, equipment recycling, family support, grants & funding, information & referral and respitality.we serve thousands of people in san diego county every year through our programs and services.



















living with cerebral palsy




	your support makes it possible for ucp to provide over a dozen programs and services to the disabled community in san diego county. this video highlights three people in san diego “living with cerebral palsy." imagine a world filled with dreams, choice and freedom, and the promise of a community where each person belongs and contributes. that’s our mission.












girl with cerebral palsy pushes boundaries in disney's "out of my mind"



"out of my mind" is a poignant exploration of the challenges faced by individuals with cerebral palsy. the movie takes us inside the mind of melody brooks, a bright, curious 12 year old girl who loves watching friends, wants cooler clothes than her mother buys for her, and dreams of being accepted by her schoolmates.as a non-verbal, wheelchair-using 6th grader with cerebral palsy, melody is placed in a classroom for students with disabilities where her eagerness to learn and keen intellect are not being fully recognized. when katherine, a young educator, notices her untapped potential, melody is moved to an inclusive classroom where she flourishes academically. adding to the usual middle school struggles of making friends and fitting in, melody contends with a teacher who is reluctant to have her in his class, and fellow students who look upon her as an uncomfortable disruption. melody’s ability to communicate is improved greatly when her parents get her an assistive communication device, allowing her to participate in class more fully and join and thrive on her school’s competitive trivia quiz team. but life still presents many challenges and melody must continue to fight to be listened to.out of my mind” is available on disney+.













"no limits" walk raises fun and funds








	ucp thanks everyone who participated in our 42nd annual no limits walk & roll on october 26th at de anza cove on mission bay.everyone enjoyed a continental breakfast, and — after crossing the finish line— a delicious lunch provided by long-time sponsors casa guadalajara and casa de bandini, while helping raise over $35,000 for people living with cerebral palsy and other disabilities.fundraisers were eligible for raffle and incentive prizes including gift cards, movie passes and a trip to disneyland. the day was also filled with many colorful t-shirts as teams went the distance to support their family members with disabilities.special thanks to our emcee— abc 10news reporter marie coronel for guiding our 2024 no limits walk & roll to success! ucp also thanks media partner kusi-tv's lauren phinney, kasia gregorczk, and roy robertson. we salute our sponsors – mutual of america, dovey dental group, valkyrie yoga, and stretch zone encinitas, for supporting our programs for people with disabilities.congratulations to our team and individual fundraising award winners. team awards: 3rd place, team sharyn; 2nd place, there is no stopping us now; first place, north county ucp. individual awards: 3rd place, keith james; 2nd place, jaime yablonicky; first place, becky lecker. awards for inspiration leaders: deanna hogue, darren samakosky, kelly lecker,  and david cooper.all funds raised go to support ucp san diego's local programs.view the photo album









dia del sol helps people with disabilities








	the 55th annual dia del sol, held at the park hyatt aviara resort in carlsbad, was a huge success. thank you to the beach & country guild for producing this awesome event to benefit ucp san diego and the people we serve.  and our thanks to every single person who volunteered, made a donation, bought a seat, won an auction item, or raised a paddle to help people with disabilities.it was an incredible day of fun, food and fashion!










firefighters & celebs serve it up at waiters luncheon








	celebrating our 41st year, the san diego city fire fighters graciously donated their financial support as “title sponsor” to the always wild and crazy “firefighters and friends” celebrity waiters luncheon. held on september 20, patrons were treated to great food, local and hollywood stars and the high energy of san diego city fire fighters bayside at the coronado island marriott resort & spa.kusi-tv news personality teresa sardina and radio superstar from 60's gold on sirius xm "shotgun tom" kelly co-hosted the event and kept the festivities going at a lively pace. tips were given freely and with special live and silent auctions, over $74,000 was raised for the cause. thank you to our auctioneer extraordinaire clint bell.ucp thanks our local media partners kusi news and the san diego community newspaper group for their promotional efforts. we salute our hollywood and local celebrities that included such personalities as emmy winners patrika darbo and kim estes, actors tim starks, kevin brief, danny arroyo, and meredith thomas, magician evan disney, fox 5's troy hirsch, nbc 7/39 reporter alexis rivas, and sports anchor darnay tripp, abc 10news anchor melissa mecija, and journalists spencer soicher, vanessa paz, ciara encinas, and megan parry, plus bono and jack nicholson look-a-likes and many more.ucp also thanks the staff of the coronado marriott resort & spa for their assistance and cooperation and the following organizations, companies and individuals for their support: berkshire hathaway hc, misty & melody morgan, rancho mesa, the land stewards, shea homes, de marco design, dpc productions, ph design & associates, cbiz, north park trophy & award, avrp studios, murfey family, san diego sockers quentin ivy, jr. and goalkeeper xavier williams, san diego gulls, and the san diego enforcers. thanks for once again making this event the most fun you'll have at lunch all year!view the photo album









42nd annual golf classic scores big!








	on monday, august 19th, the 42nd annual ucp golf classic took place at the el camino country club in oceanside. golfers hit the links in bright sunshine and did their best to conquer a challenging course, while raising over $80,000 for united cerebral palsy of san diego county.title sponsor for this year’s event was rancho mesa insurance. associate sponsors included: the land stewards, doug's sweeping, inc., enterprise mobility, daniel frazee, california bank and trust, an-wil, h & e equipment, clairemont equipment, hanes geo components, total site supply, desert fleet, finn corporation, bob stall chevrolet – la mesa, coca cola bottling company, mike hess brewing, pizza port brewing co., taylormade,  acme bag company, newfront insurance, and west coast sand & gravel.ucp also thanks  tournament chairman john gentillon of the land stewards and general manager gus siggins from the el camino country club, his excellent staff and all the participants and supporters that came out to this signature event.view the photo album  |  view the event program









livin' to the maxx 80's party rocks on





















	ucp san diego and the beach and country guild teamed up to present our livin’ to the maxx 80’s party on may 7th at the belly up.  partygoers enjoyed righteous grub and libations while rocking out to 80’s hits from betamaxx. live auction items included destination vacations, staycations, as well as sports and music memorabilia. raffle prizes included sports tickets, a jewelry set by sette divini, tenneli classic wedge sneakers, and a wine class for 20 from total wine and more. jose zuniga with the land stewards won our costume contest for the best 80’s outfit! it was a bodacious night to remember and raised over $80,000 for ucp’s programs and services for people with cerebral palsy and other disabilities.special thanks to our sponsors: anwil inc., carucci wines, clairemont equipment rental, doug’s sweeping, enterprise mobility, equipment share, hanes geo components, h&e equipment, the land stewards, the lansing companies, labor finders, lennar, otay sales, studio 318, total site supply company, trench shoring, and tim otto photography. ucp also thanks owners steve goldberg and phil berkovitz from the belly up, beth bennett – director of special events, and their excellent staff and all the generous supporters that came out to this signature event. view the photo album











jaime yablonicky named to ucp board












	ucp san diego is pleased to announce that san diego resident jaime yablonicky is its most recent addition to the agency’s board of directors.a san diego native, jaime is a long-time employee of san diego zoo wildlife alliance and presently holds the position of director of safari experiences at the san diego zoo safari park in escondido.“we are very pleased to have jaime join our organization”, said ucp’s board president misty morgan.  “she brings with her a great deal of expertise in the areas of business operations, project management and guest experience within the non-profit sector supporting wildlife conservation, and even more importantly, as a parent of a daughter affected by cerebral palsy. she understands the needs of consumers with disabilities and their families.” ms. yablonicky attended university of san diego high school and northern arizona university.  jaime currently resides in the mission hills area with her husband and two children.




















low cost internet, computers available




	high-speed internet (broadband) access is essential for homework, employment applications, job training, health services, and civic activities.high-quality internet, desktops and laptops are available at a reduced cost for low-income and disability households.for more information, visit everyone on and internet for all now.










our corporate and community partners












































































































































































































































































































































































ways to help


















	your dollars make a huge difference in the lives of people with cerebral palsy and other disabilities.




donate now



















	donate your time. our success depends on the skills, talents, time and energy of our many volunteers.




learn more

















	remember ucp when planning your estate. your gift will help ucp fulfill its mission and you'll enjoy a wide variety of tax advantages. one charitable gift, a lifetime of benefits.



learn more
















	get a hot and tasty meal from your locally-owned papa johns pizza san diego and get 30% off your online order with the code: ucpsd.and papa john’s will also donate an additional 20% to ucp! our thanks to papa john's pizza san diego for their continued support for people with disabilities!




order now
















	donate a car, truck, motorcycle, or rv to help provide programs and resources to those we serve. each vehicle donation helps ucp build a stronger community by advocating for independence and productivity.




learn more






	
	© 2025 united cerebral palsy of san diego county







































