ï»¿





amretasgraphics ~ homemade with love and a happy heart! 














 





  
  
 
																			 
																			
   
																			 
																			
   
																			 
																			
  




 










 











20 february 2015
 




																								weekly graphicalicious gift no. 5 has arrived! :)  this week: two variations of abstract desktop wallpapers + three variations of facebook covers, enjoy! :)
check out the free goodies page to download.







3 february 2015
 



check out the free goodies page to download







2 february 2015
 




																								weekly graphicalicious gift no. 4 has arrived! :)  this week: folksy graphicalicious postcards in four color variations. to be printed on both sides of a a4 paper then cut and make 4 postcards. enjoy! :)
check out the free goodies page to download.






26 january 2015
 




 


 


																										 
weekly graphicalicious gift no. 3 has arrived! :)  this week: a printable a4 size february 2015 calendar with a quote by comedian jonathan winters (and a cute bird illustration to make it cheerful). enjoy!
check out the free goodies page to download.










19 january 2015
 




 


 





																										 
weekly graphicalicious gift no. 2 has arrived! :)  this week: two variations of desktop wallpaper + two variations of facebook covers, a graphicalicious digital paper collage mix with a quote by the brave girl joan of arc "i am not afraid. i was born to do this"
there's also the blank ones for you to add your own text, or just use it as is.
check out the free goodies page to download.










18 january 2015
 

 
the sweet country graphics are now up and online again, for your heart's delights! :)  

sooo glad to announce that the cute country graphics with sweet colors - that i created since the year 2000 until 2012 - are now back! 

																										country graphics lovers, i hope you're happy, too! take a look or download if you want to use them, all free for personal use, please just give a linkback to amretasgraphics.com for exchange, would that be sweet?

browse the websets!














 



















name *
email address *

close
 







		 










 























																										 







 





revamping in progress. stay tuned.

this site is created and maintained by 
									amreta sidik, jakarta, indonesia ~ as of 1 
									august 2000  ~ 
									
									please note that all graphics on this site 
									are created by 

												


amreta 
									and strictly not to be downloaded from this 
									page.
									visit my blog for latest goodies and 
									subscribe to the graphicalicious letter to get access 
									to my free graphics when the site is ready. 


















