


shorties candle company | great scented candles, wax melts & more




























rewards:loginaccount










fragrances




bakery
apple harvestapples & cinnamonbutter pecan piecaramel apple ciderchocolate fudge brownie™cinnamon barkcinnamon vanillacoffee houseiced lemon pound cakepumpkin soufflepumpkin walnut cheesecakevanilla beanvanilla maplewhite chocolate mint

earth
nag champaoakmoss & amberpalo santopinyon & patchoulisandalwoodsandalwood rosefloral
carnationenglish lavendergardeniahoneysucklehoneysuckle jasmine


jasminelilacplumeriarose petalsstargazer lilytrue rosewisteriafresh & clean
baby powderblue moon™cucumber meloncuddly cotton™eucalyptus leafeucalyptus spearmint


hawaiian sunrise™iced mint lavenderlemongrasstahoe pine™fruit & berry
apple afternoon™coconut cove™coconut lime verbenagrapefruitlemon blueberry twist™mango & papayaparadise pear™

holiday
autumn splendor™bayberry firchristmas evechristmas treedickens christmasfresh peppermintmistletoe moments™mulberrypomegranatesugarplum cranberry






products





shop by type
jar candles
natural 3 wick candles
natural single wick candles
natural wax melts
soy votive candles
tea light candles
tumblers
wax melts
shop by season
spring
summer


fall
winter
shop by holiday
valentine's day
easter
mother's day
father's day
independence day
halloween
thanksgiving
christmas
new year


shop by collection
bakery collection
earth collection
floral collection
fresh & clean collection
fruit & berry collection
holiday collection
candle accessories
candle care items
combo warmers
wax warmers


shop by color
beige
black
blue
brown
dark blue
dark red
green
grey
mint
orange
pink
purple
red


white
yellow
more collections
our strongest candles
shortie's favorites
great for gifts
housewarmers
for him
for her
what's new
most popular items






on sale








50% off all oops items  -factory secondseveryone makes mistakes, including us!  our mistake is your gain.  save 50% on all factory second items, get them while they last.










fundraisers




wholesale




contact










there is not currently any items in your cart


items:0

checkout











your browser does not support the html5 video element.











great candles, guaranteed
we are committed to providing top-quality products to our customers. if you have any problems or truly feel that it does not live up to your expectations, let us know and we will make it right. it's that simple.



earn free candles with every order*
for the best shortie’s experience, sign up for our free candlebucks™ rewards program. as a member, you will get exclusive access to offers, discounts, and more! learn more.



free or low flat rate shipping
we know that high shipping costs can sometimes make it hard to shop online, so we will pay all of your shipping* on orders over $49, or offer $3.99 flat rate shipping on everything else! learn more.












discover





seasonal best sellers





vanilla bean tealight candles 6-pack


vanilla bean wax melts - formula 117


english lavender tealight candles 6-pack


vanilla bean wax melts 2 pack - formula 117


eucalyptus leaf tealight candles 6-pack


rose petals tealight candles 6-pack


gardenia wax melts  - formula 117


vanilla bean wax melts 4 pack - formula 117


vanilla bean soy votive candles 6-pack


rose petals wax melts  - formula 117


bayberry fir tealight candles 6-pack


english lavender wax melts  - formula 117


floral wax melts variety pack - formula 117


eucalyptus spearmint wax melts  - formula 117


natural stargazer lily 3 wick candle


vanilla bean tealight candles 24-pack


fresh & clean wax melts variety pack - formula 117


honeysuckle wax melts - formula 117


natural honeysuckle jasmine soy wax melts 


gardenia tealight candles 6-pack








specials


social

testimonials
take10  % offwhen you opt in to email!                     enter your e-mail address below to receive exclusive offers, sales, news & more as well as 10% off on your first order.
shortie's  social mediafollow us on your favorite social networkfacebookinstagramtwitterpinterestshare with your friends!5 fun ways to share shortie's!share via:facebookgoogle plustwittertumblrshare via e-mail:« backstep 2: your name« backstep 3: your e-mail« backlast step: message« resetshare complete!thank you for sharing with your friends!

share your own




customer testimonialthank you for having the honeysuckle scented candles! honeysuckle is one of my all-time favorite scents but very few companies make anything with this scent. i found my first shortie's candle at the now-closed store, the nevada store. i loved it so much that i had to order more and will have at least one on hand all the time. 

shortie's, also, shipped out my order very quickly and very well packed. dee braggsparks, nvread more...
customer testimoniali know for a fact that shorties candles are the best scented candles ever......
once you try them for certain you will continue to go back... they have the best scents ever and really do the job they are meant to do..... make a room smell heavenly... with the holidays quickly approaching,, i highly recommend these candles for gifts for people...... lorettase, flread more...
customer testimoniali am a candle connoisseur.  i've shopped all over the states and caribbean for fine scented candles and i'm soooo impressed with the quality and price of shortie's candles.  the selection of scents has amazed me and the true to life scents have been right on the target.  your newest scents have sent me reeling.  the new cucumber melon is so fresh and yummy, while your coconut lime verbena has taken me back to the caribbean!  my hat's off to you for such an exquisite scent.  i'm telling all my friends, plus you've made gift buying a breeze.  there's not a better gift than a quality candle.  thank you and yours so much.  your biggest fan!!  always, julie porterjulie porterpascagoula, msread more...
customer testimoniali would like everyone to know these candles are the bomb!  i especially love the melts i used just one and it scented the whole house. i'm happy i finally found someone who sells candles and melts that really do have a high fragrance. you now have a customer for life.

beckyrebecca rosariocarol stream, il
customer testimonial   i also take my shortie candles on vacation with me to brighten up my surroundings.  and the jars are recyclable for crafts.alveta natalportsmouth, va.
customer testimonialhello,
i just want to thank you for excellent customer service.  yesterday after placing an order i realized that it might arrive after i leave town next saturday.  i called your order line and spoke with a delightful woman (sorry i don't recall her name) who said she would ship it right out and she did!!!!  if i was not already in love with your fabulous candles, i certainly would have become a loyal customer after this experience.  thank you for exceeding my expectations!anaaventura, flread more...
customer testimoniali have ordered from shorties candles in the past and i recently purchased some more candles.... i absolutely love the candles. they last a very long time and they have so many different scents to choose from. i have my fair share of favorites. the fudge chocolate and vanilla bean are a couple of my favorites.
there are so many!!! and their prices are great, very reasonable.
i am a very happy customer. i highly recommend their candles.irene pattonupland, caread more...
customer testimoniali used to be a yankee fan too! my favorite scent is chocolate and hersheys had that scent but didn't last. so i googled chocolate candles and here i am! i am a repeat customer 5 times over. georgia is amazing and always smiling thru the phone. the chocolate fudge is wonderful and low cal. your whole home will smell like a chocolate factory.joan boggsfresno, caread more...
customer testimonialexpecting my 5th order this week, trying new scents. delighted with the 5 tea light scents so far. it's hard to burn just one a day but trying. advise others not to throw the boxes away--the fragrance lingers so i stick the boxes in a drawer for weeks. best scented candles i've tried over many years. my list of favorite scents is growing. i expect to be a life-long  shortie's candles customer! this review not solicited but from a grateful customer.joyce anglebergerfunkstown, mdread more...
customer testimonialdear shorties candles,

last month my son needed soy candles for a science project.  i found your company online and i was so impressed by your custome service and also that i wasnt charged an arm and a leg for shipping.  i just ordered some candles for myself and i will continue to buy my candles from you from now on. thank you!sandra lockwoodleonard, michiganread more...




share your testimonial
cancel

















the fresh & clean collectionfrom crisp and bitter citrus scents, to the smell of cuddly clean cotton, the fresh & clean collection features a wide range of fragrances that were created to soothe, relax, and revitalize your mood and soul.



baby powder
blue moon™
cucumber melon
cuddly cotton™
eucalyptus leaf


eucalyptus spearmint
hawaiian sunrise™
iced mint lavender
lemongrass
tahoe pine™

shop all fresh & clean candles






the floral collectionwhether you are looking for the perfect compliment to the real thing or a fantastic replacement, this collection features many of the best floral fragrances of spring and summer. 



carnation
english lavender
gardenia
honeysuckle
honeysuckle jasmine
jasmine


lilac
plumeria
rose petals
stargazer lily
true rose
wisteria

shop all floral candles






the earth collectionthere is something really quite spectacular about the smells that only come during this most special time of year. featuring a range of fragrances intended to add a touch of magic to your holiday season.



nag champa
oakmoss & amber
palo santo


pinyon & patchouli
sandalwood
sandalwood rose

shop all earth candles






the fruit & berry collectionfeaturing a wide range of sweet, tart, and juicy gifts from mother nature, ripened plump in the warm sun.  a wonderfully mouth-watering assortment of summer's finest fragrances.



apple afternoon™
black cherry
coconut cove™
coconut lime verbena


grapefruit
lemon blueberry twist™
mango & papaya
paradise pear™

shop all fruit & berry candles






the bakery collectionlike living next to a bakery, this collection has many yummy fragrances that are designed to entice your nose with the fantastic aromas that come from a gourmet treat shop.



apple harvest
apples & cinnamon
butter pecan pie
caramel apple cider
chocolate fudge brownie™
cinnamon bark
cinnamon vanilla


coffee house
iced lemon pound cake
pumpkin souffle
pumpkin walnut cheesecake
vanilla bean
vanilla maple
white chocolate mint

shop all bakery candles






the holiday collectionthere is something really quite spectacular about the smells that only come during this most special time of year. featuring a range of fragrances intended to add a touch of magic to your holiday season.



autumn splendor™
bayberry fir
christmas eve
christmas tree
dickens christmas


fresh peppermint
mistletoe moments™
mulberry
pomegranate
sugarplum cranberry

shop all holiday candles










fragrance collections

earth candles
fresh & clean candles
fruits & berry candles
bakery candles
floral candles
holiday candles

services

wholesale candles
candle fundraisers
private label



candle styles

jar candles
pillar candles
votive candles
tea-light candles
scented oil melters
view all candles


more links

testimonials
most popular
on sale
new products
our story
find a store
contact us

help topics

burning tips
f.a.q.'s
product guarantee
returning a product
mishandled merchandise
website problems
e-mail related issues
tracking a package
shipping information
privacy policy
security information






get shortie's in your inbox
have a question? call us!toll free at866-478-7268simplyemail us
shortie's and social mediacome & join the conversation!
© 2002 - 2025 shortie's candles llc  |  all rights reservedthank you for your visit to shortie's candle company™
x





