






» amphibian care















































 












amphibian care


articles
gallery

madagascar
sierra nevada
yunnan, china
costa rica
peru
cameroon


publications
 




search for:



 

navigation menu  


  








this website began as a way to share writing about the reptiles and amphibians i kept at home with the world. for a time, the site also served as a venue to sell surplus captive-bred stock from my amphibian and reptile collection. my interests eventually outgrew the confines of the terrarium and i began travelling to the places the species i kept in captivity naturally occur, where i now observe, photograph, and study them in the field.
today amphibian care serves as a base camp for both sides of this journey, from the “frog room” that started it all, to the rain forests, swamps, and mountain ranges i have been fortunate to call home more recently.






care sheets









live foods











crickets













fruit flies








terrariums and housing




the mixed species dilemmazoological institutions often recreate naturally occurring communities of reptiles and amphibians in large elaborate exhibits. can a private hobbyist accomplish the same thing at home?
creating a tropical terrarium or vivariumexplore ways to create tropical terrariums and learn about different substrates, backgrounds, and planting options.
terrarium and vivarium maintenancetaking care of a bioactive vivarium is different than a simple setup. learn what types of routine maintenance are needed to take care of a terrarium housing reptiles or amphibians.
substrates for amphibians & reptilesthe substrate of an enclosure is one of the most important aspects of housing reptiles and amphibians. this is an overview of available substrates and their best uses.
turtle and tortoise pen constructionlearn how to build an outdoor pen for your turtle or tortoise step-by-step.





 




recent commentsdevin edmonds on gray tree frogdevin edmonds on white’s tree frogdevin edmonds on tiger salamanderdevin edmonds on the mixed species dilemmadevin edmonds on rough skinned newtdevin edmonds on the mixed species dilemmadevin edmonds on rough skinned newt  captive careterrariums and housing
frog and toad care sheets
salamander and newt care sheets
turtle care sheets
lizard care sheets
live foods
  gallerymadagascar
sierra nevada
costa rica
china
cameroon
peru
mitsinjo breeding center
    
				copyright devin edmonds 2002-present
			
 
 
 



























