 









nazareth university | rochester, ny



















more

nazareth university

current students
alumni
faculty/staff
support naz
 login











a–z index
map
directory
library




academics

admissions & aid

student experience

athletics
about











learn more 














together we fly.
join a 100-year golden flyer tradition of education through action. be prepared to lead with impact and equity for the common good.






 
when you know, you know
apply now, for free!
apply todayvisit campusscholarships & aid
register for an upcoming admissions event
loading...
 
unlimited possibilities
with 60+ undergraduate majors, 70+ minors, and career-advancing graduate degrees and certificate programs, this university offers big-time opportunities while sustaining a welcoming, supportive community of changemakers. your ideas, your questioning, and your voice will always have a home here.
academics at nazareth 



 
big impact
the world needs inspired, well-educated, and equity-minded leaders. nazareth equips you with the opportunities + support you need to be a courageous changemaker.
naz prepares changemakers 


75+ study abroad options in 35+ countries

 

4 the average naz undergrad student completes four career experiences.

 

$1,500 naz spark grant supports research, study abroad, or an internship

 


 
fully immersed
integrated experiential learning gives you skills — and an edge.
your life's work

 


99% employed or in grad school within six months of graduation

 

10:1 student to faculty ratio with an average class size of 19

 

100% of incoming first-year students received financial aid this year

 

1,400+ activities and events for students held last year alone

 
you'll thrive
no lecture halls here. naz is where you’ll flourish with personal guidance + mentoring from faculty, career coaches, & other staff. benefit from mental and physical health support and resources on campus.
the student experience 
expand your superpowers
be part of an inclusive community, where a commitment to diversity and belonging informs teaching, student life, and community engagement.




maddie mcintee ‘22 pursued change through her autism research, supported by a nazareth spark grant, and promotes inclusivity for people with disabilities.
story & podcast 





karlee robb ‘24 saw and learned about the chicano community in san diego, california — both the beauty and the systemic inequities that affect people — through nazareth’s alternative breaks program.
her blog post 





students share what it was like to meet with activists, historians, and scholars on nazareth's civil rights journey.
read story 
 










news










instagram
tiktok
facebook
youtube
linkedin
zeemee



4245 east avenue, rochester, ny 14618
585-389-2525
info@naz.edu

© 2025 nazareth university • copyright/privacy • diversity • student right to know • employment
















