






awesome powerpoint backgrounds - awesome templates for powerpoint presentations









 





   



 

  




backgrounds
more info
order
contacts
powerpointhints & tips
customers
testimonials
what's new





 





free powerpoint backgrounds for powerpoint presentation software

specially designed unique backgrounds / templates / graphics and designs for use with microsoft powerpoint presentation software.







choose from themed backgrounds and colored backgrounds. each set contains 10 backgrounds. download individual sets today for free. view the backgrounds and download in just a few
minutes. apply our templates to your tired looking presentation and turn it into an awesome show stopper.

you can tell a standard powerpoint presentation by the over use of the supplied standard office templates. make your presentation stand out from the crowd - use an awesome powerpoint background template.

professional powerpoint templates for free
"your powerpoint backgrounds are exceptional. professional and unashamedly top quality"bizmark technologies
all awesome powerpoint templates were creatively designed for on-screen presentations. they will look fantastic whether displayed on-screen or projected onto a large screen. as an added bonus they can also be used for overheads and handouts. high quality, free, all original designs "by default!". each graphic is really different from the normal office templates. highly stylized textured templates give your presentation the edge. designed by experienced experts in presentation design.
flexible design


easy to use. full instructions included. royalty free - all ppt backgrounds are completely royalty free. which means there are no restrictions upon the use of them in presentations and designs etc. once downloaded, you are free to use awesome powerpoint backgrounds in your own powerpoint presentations. you can create power point presentations and distribute them freely or use the graphics on the web or in any other application. however they cannot be re-sold.
click here to see the money themed backgrounds for powerpoint
we know powerpoint

we have over 20 years experience designing presentations
one of our team (taj simmons) was a microsoft powerpoint mvpdid you know there are only 33 powerpoint mvps in the world!
we know powerpoint inside out
we know how to make awesome templates
we know how to make your presentation look awesome
we can teach your how to get more out of powerpoint

popular powerpoint backgrounds

bright ideas to winning ideasbusiness powerpoint backgrounds
cell phones to wirelesstechnology powerpoint backgrounds

awards to welcomepresentations powerpoint backgrounds
money: coins to cardsfinancial powerpoint backgrounds

reading to writingeducation powerpoint backgrounds
bibles to worshipchristian powerpoint backgrounds

free to freebiesfree powerpoint backgrounds
alaska to zurichmaps and flags powerpoint backgrounds

accidents to x-raymedical powerpoint backgrounds
animated to moveanimated powerpoint backgrounds


benefits of awesome backgrounds
you will soon be creating presentations like the professionals with these templates, no more presentations that look like all the other powerpoint presentations, stand out from the crowd. imagine the freedom to pick from hundreds of backgrounds to best present your information.


ready made pages


title
bullet chart
bar chart
line graph
pie chart
diagram

it really doesn't get any easier!

click here to see the business powerpoint backgrounds

tell me more



click to see all the background images



click for more information about our these powerpoint templates



click for template ordering information



click for contact information



click for hints, tips, powerpoint tutorials and resources







 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 





| home | 
    products | more info | 
    order | contact | powerpoint 
    tips | site map |

the software product "awesome" made by the company "by default" are not affiliated, connected or associated with microsoft corporation. powerpoint® are either registered trademarks or trademarks of microsoft corporation in the united states and/or other countries.

send email to presentations@awesomebackgrounds.com with questions or comments about this web site. terms of service|privacy policy
copyright © 1999-2020 "by default" all rights reserved - last modified: april 20, 2020




