













home | florida behavioral health association

















































































scroll top





















primary menu home
about

message from the president/ceo
fbha board
advocacy board
services board
organizational members
corporate partners
divisions and workgroups
fbha staff


membership

organizational membership
corporate partnership
log in


legislative

action for behavioral health care, political committee
legislative login
helpful links


resource center

treatment providers

fbha providers
samhsa providers


research and reports
training library

florida lms for behavioral health
webinar training library
child welfare & family court  training


mobile response team numbers by county
hope for healing website
fight opioid epidemic: dose of reality
suicide prevention lifeline
fbha hurricane resource center
fbha member helplines
job board


events

florida behavioral health conference

bhcon archives


fbha events
fadaa training events


news

press releases
annual report archive
awards of excellence

2022 fbha awards of excellence
2021 fbha awards of excellence
2020 fbha awards of excellence
2019 fbha award winners




contact us
 




















apply today 
							
mouse
 


view page! 
							
mouse
 


apply today 
							
mouse
 


visit floridalearner.org! 
							
mouse
 


see upcoming fadaa trainings! 
							
mouse
 





















florida behavioral health association (fbha)






fbha is the state’s largest trade association representing community treatment providers with a united voice. fbha serves as a trusted source of information, it advances policy initiatives, and it advocates for better behavioral health for all floridians.



1


inform – we provide training, education, and awareness on mental illness and substance use disorders. 



2


innovate – we provide opportunities for members of our community and the state to network, share best practices, and develop innovative ideas for treating floridians.



3


influence – we use our united voice to advocate at the florida capitol for better behavioral health prevention, treatment, and recovery services.












our guiding principles



            individuals with behavioral health issues need more prevention, treatment and recovery programs.                  there is no “one size fits all” approach to treatment; treatment plans must be tailored to the individual.                  substance use disorder and mental illness are intrinsically linked, and treatment should take both into consideration.                  individuals with substance use disorder and mental illness can be treated, and recovery is possible.      0%adults in florida experience a mental illness0%adults in florida live with a serious mental illness0%americans need treatment for drug- or alcohol-related problems0floridians die each day of opioid overdoses            legislative advocacy check out what policy and funding initiatives we are pursuing                   seeking treatment need treatment? our resource center links you to providers.                   special projects see what projects are underway to improve behavioral health in florida.                   training and workshops our training library provides archived webinars. sign up to receive notices for upcoming trainings.       


types of memberships






    organizational    
business and partner






become a member





 





















		










our history



           1958: fccmh is incorporated the purpose of fccmh is to promote the welfare of persons with behavioral health disorders and those needing behavioral health services.                              1981: fadaa is incorporated fadaa's mission is to serve its members by advancing addiction and co-occurring treatment, prevention, and research through communications, professional development, and public policy leadership.                2018: fccmh and fadaa form fbha the florida behavioral health association is the voice of florida’s behavioral health industry.                  scott burgess ceo of david lawrence centers and chair of fbha  florida’s community mental health and substance use disorder treatment providers would not be where we are today without the leadership and innovation of all of the fbha members working together.     


subscribe to our 
webinars and workshops





 













add me to fbha webinars and workshops subscription list







the florida behavioral health association is the voice of florida’s behavioral health industry.






our address






316 east park avenue
tallahassee, fl 32301






our phones






850.224.6048 or
850.878.2196






our hours






monday-friday: 9:00 am – 5:00 pm
saturday: closed
sunday: closed




 












copyright © 2019–2024 florida behavioral health association






privacy policy

























































