journal star: local news, politics & sports in peoria, ilnews sports entertainment lifestyle opinion advertise obituaries enewspaper legals  the best and worst peoria food inspections for january 2025as peoria farm looks to sell raw milk, here's what you need to know about health concernsman killed in fatal car wreck on interstate 74 near goodfieldbradley wins on 'unbeatable play' to snap drake's 11-game win streak this high-profile peoria heights building has been sold who is the boys basketball coach of the year so far… dunlap college football recruit narrows final list down… demand to live in downtown peoria is high, despite…  illinois lottery pick 3, pick 4 results for feb. 16, 2025 man killed in fatal car wreck on interstate 74 near goodfield  pedestrian dies after he was hit by a vehicle in peoria  when stark county needed a music director, this student stepped up more in news bradley wins on 'unbeatable play' to snap drake's 11-game win streak  2025 ihsa boys basketball playoffs: schedules, scores and pairings  13 players from state of illinois in new spring pro football league more in sportscosplayers and comic books converge on northwoods mall  chicago has 6 of the world's best steak restaurants. here's the list  what to know about the lantern festival coming to peoria zoo more in entertainment the best and worst peoria food inspections for january 2025  wildlife prairie park encapsulates the beauty of midwestern wilderness  barbecue business closes in elmwood after five months in operation more in life as peoria farm looks to sell raw milk, here's what you need to know about health concerns  real estate sales in peoria, tazewell and woodford counties for feb. 15, 2025  peoria or st. louis? business owner makes tough decision to relocate more in business opinion: david horowitz’s ‘fight back’ legacy still resonates in peoria fraser engerman  here are 9 romantic restaurants in peoria to visit on valentine's day cassidy waigand  opinion: it's not too late to restore civility carol merna more in opinion 'no indication' of hate crime in murder of sam nordquist: police  youtube tv, paramount agree on multi-year deal to keep cbs on platform  grocery worker finds venomous snake in box of bananas more in trending 🇺🇸 20 best presidents day sales to shop today  how to watch 4 nations face-off, canada vs. finland and usa vs. sweden  ditch the peach fuzz: get 25% off dermaflash dermaplaning tools more in shoppingenter today       winners announced       limited tickets!       more in contestspedestrian dies after he was hit by a vehicle in peoria 2025 ihsa boys basketball playoffs: schedules, scores and pairings when stark county needed a music director, this student stepped up 13 players from state of illinois in new spring pro football league forbes ranking of top employers includes 54 illinois businessescareers staff directory accessibility sitemap legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local business advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters facebook x instagram enewspaper archivesjobs cars homes classifieds pay your ad bill shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.pjstar.com. all rights reserved.