



 

manzi metals | your metal source













































































































					                  you have not yet registered to our site? register or log in 


               800-799-8211   352-799-8211
            




home
about
news
products
photos
documents

certifications


contact
employment
 





















metal services 
heat treating


austenitizing
annealing
normalizing
stress relieving
tempering


kitting
if you need different metals in varying forms and sizes, (rods, plates, tubes etc.),with or without secondary operations, we can produce kits for you in packages with fasteners or other hardware.
machining


cnc milling
cnc turning
drilling
tapping
grinding
trepanning
water-jet cutting


 marking 


engraving
embossing
stenciling


 material testing 


rockwell hardness
delta ferrite
magnetic particle
tensile
chemical analysis
dye penetrant
ultrasonic


 plating 


anodizing
zinc
nickel
chromate


 sawing 


3 automated saw lines capable of cutting up to 17" thick material.  we will even cut metal that you provide.


 stocking 


let us stock your metal here so you don't have to stock it!


 
markets 
aerospace
construction
defense
government
oem's
power generation

 

welcome to manzi metals! your metals source!


click on our documents button to obtain manzi metals' latest quality certifications


click on our news button and read about manzi metals feature on thyssenkrupp materials website as part of  black history month customer spotlight series 


manzi metals, inc. is a small, minority, woman owned business. as a multi-metal distribution and processing center we ensure that we comply with all customer requirements and we pay strict attention to the details.


our total quality system, six sigma, lean manufacturing, outstanding customer service and the best metal packaging in the industry help us to exceed our customers expectations.  our diverse customer base in the aerospace, defense, automotive, power generation, large manufacturing and government markets benefit from the team effort at manzi metals, inc. we provide competitive pricing to customers and deliver on time.  we will stock your inventory so you don't have to!  we also rarely have a minimum quantity requirement.  we excel at paying attention to detailed customer requirements and fulfilling every order, exceeding the customer requirements.


manzi metals, inc. is committed to comply with requirements and continually improve the effectiveness of the quality management system in support of our as9100, as9120 and iso 9001 certifications.  evidence of this is our being awarded the dod’s nunn-perry award for zero defects!


we provide rod, bar, wire, sheet, plate, billets, extruded shapes, castings, forgings, machined parts and offer various secondary operations.  we have three automated saw lines capable of cutting up to 17 inch thick metal.  we also offer firm-fixed pricing for up to a year!


we welcome the opportunity to serve you!
join our newsletterif you would like to join our newsletter to get all the latest news simply fill out the form below.


email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human:  














random photo


 

 latest news


19 feb, 2021
manzi metals featured on thyssenkrupp materials na website
                  			as part of the black history month, manzi metals was featured on thyssenkrupp materials na website as part of their customer  [more]


21 oct, 2020
barbara manzi featured in tampa bay business journal
                  			barbara manzi, president of manzi metals inc, was featured in tampa bay business journal edition of october 16, 2020  [more]


19 mar, 2015
manzi metals welcome visit from congressman richard nugent
                  			on february 10th 2015, manzi metals, inc. received a very welcome visitor congressman richard nugent, along with ms. joy hampton dir.  [more]






 

here is the manzi metals location above.

we recommend staying at the holiday inn express, 3528 commercial way (us 19), spring hill, fl 34606 (ph: 352-683-5100)  www.hiexpress.com/springhill

ask for the manzi metals corporate rate of $89 for any room!
 







home
about
news
products
photos
documents
contact
employment
 

                  manzi metals, inc  
                  15293 flight path drive, brooksville, fl  34604 
                  tel: 352-799-8211    fax: 352-754-9735 
                  as9100 / as9120 / iso9001 certified


















