











department of human oncology – university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health – uw–madison




























 











skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of human oncology

university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health




search






menu
open menu


close





home
for patients
education and training
expand


collapse



graduate and post doctoral training
radiation oncology residency
radiation oncology physics residency program
bentson translational research fellowship


research
expand


collapse



cancer biology research
medical physics research
clinical research


people
expand


collapse



faculty
professors emeriti
staff medical physicists
radiation oncology residents
radiation oncology physics residents
fellows
advanced practice providers
clinical research staff
administrative and support staff


find your doctor
 



give a gift
 





providing high quality care to patients.training the next generation of radiation oncology leaders. innovating through translational and clinical research.






 




welcome to the department of human oncology (dho) at the university of wisconsin 
we are committed to training future leaders of radiation oncology; physicians, medical physicists, and radiation therapy healthcare professionals, conducting innovative research, and delivering high-quality and compassionate cancer care.
please browse the research, education and patient care tabs on our website to see the full spectrum of our activities and meet our faculty, staff and trainees. want to join our team or support our mission? please reach out through the contact tab to learn how you can contribute!

 
 
 
 


 



“building on a tradition of innovation and excellence in research, mentorship, education, and comprehensive patient care, the dedicated faculty and staff in our department are leading the way in advancing safer and more effective treatments for patients.”
—zachary morris, md/phd, paul harari professor and chairman

 
 
 
 




news



slagowski-floberg team awarded grant to redefine brachytherapy implant procedure
 



january 2025 – published articles



dho winter 2024/2025 newsletter – now available!
please enjoy our revitalized university of wisconsin-madison department of human oncology (dho) newsletter. we’re excited to share updates on the leadership, achievements and growth of dho in this issue.



dr. randy kimple leads the discussion on episode 2 of the salivary and exocrine research podcast. 



december 2024 – published articles



cap times idea fest panel
department of human oncology chairman, dr. zachary morris, joined his uw-madison colleagues and industry partners during a recent cap times idea fest session to discuss the impact wisconsin is having in the field of theranostics.
first-of-its-kind flash radiation therapy trial begins at uw-madison
the university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health (uwsmph) department of medical physics has partnered with the uw school of veterinary medicine (uwsvm) to launch a first-of-its-kind study of flash radiation therapy efficacy in pet dogs with osteosarcoma, an aggressive bone cancer that commonly leads to leg amputation.



november 2024 – published articles
october 2024 – published articles
september 2024 – published articles



paul harari, md, fastro, was honored october 1st by the american society for radiation oncology (astro) as a gold medal recipient. this honor is bestowed upon leaders in the field who have made significant contributions through patient care, research, teaching, mentorship and service throughout their career.
ceremony video available here



in memorium
catherine reznikoff, former faculty member and professor emeritus of the department of human oncology, passed away in september.
 



more news

 





 



for patients






 



education and training






 



research




resident’s resources
uwccc grand rounds
cancer biology seminar series

 
 
 
 


find us in the community






wisconsin head and neck cancer sporethe wisconsin head and neck spore is designed to promote translational laboratory and clinical research to improve overall outcome for patients with head and neck cancer (hnc). 



            visit the spore  site
more

 











badger challenge for cancer research: september 22, 2024thank you to all participants and supporters for badger challenge 2024! we had another record year and raised over $1 million.
2024  milestones:
$1,040,590 raised for cancer research
3,280 registered participants
350 volunteers



            visit the badger challenge  site
more

 








 
 
 
 


support the department of human oncology




the generosity of our philanthropic partners strengthens our clinical, research and educational endeavors. as we strive to develop world class research and clinical programs, your gifts are essential to our success and allow us to explore novel research ideas, develop new methods for diagnosis and treatment and enhance facilities as well as education.
make a gift today

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
educationradiation oncology residency
radiation oncology physics residency program
graduate and post doctoral training
cancer biology seminar series
uw-madison
 
quick linksmake a gift
it help
technology
physics wiki
wisconsin smph
uw health
carbone cancer center appointments


contact usemail: webmaster@humonc.wisc.edu

facebook


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: webmaster@humonc.wisc.edu.
learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











