

glass etching - glass etching kits












revolutionary new glass etching kits
with reusable dura-film stencils you make on your computer









main menu




























revolutionary new  reusable glass etching stencils made on your computer with your most  intricate artwork and designs in minutes, for pennies! 
this is new and there is nothing like it available anywhere!













here is glass etched with very intricate patterns using a  reusable stencil.  


here is your reusable stencil which you can use hundreds of times.




see how this new idea can make glass etching quick, easy, 
			fun,  inexpensive and even quite profitable for you!

 
you can also start your own etching business
			absolutely "free" and we will gladly show you how! 
here are revolutionary new glass etching kits with special  reusable stencils made with your own copy or designs on your computer using the new ultra-violet stencil maker that lets you make stencils with intricate designs never before available.  and the new stencils are reusable dozens or even hundreds of times!
there is nothing like this available on the market today. our glass etching stencils let you make beautiful and extremely simple or very complicated designs in just minutes with these new    reusable    stencils. stencils that you can make with your own copy,  artwork or designs in your own shop or office in less than 5 minutes and can be used with glass etching cream to create easily repeatable artwork or designs on anything such as glass, mirrors, porcelain, marble, crystal awards or even ceramic glazes!


now you can create the kind of etched artwork that you have always wanted to do and you can do it in  minutes for very little cost. what is more you can save your stencil artwork and use it over and over again and transfer the image from one piece to another without having to re-craft or re-make your original artwork. this saves you a lot of time and money and even lets you do "production runs" when you need to with little effort.
you will quickly agree that this is the best new idea that has come along in a very long time. no more cutting vinyl with exact-o knives or using thin and very delicate "one time use" photo etch film for your designs. now you simply create it on your computer, print it out and transfer it to our new dura-film stencil with a u.v. exposure unit and in less than five minutes you have a stencil with your artwork or design that can be used over and over again. this saves you time, effort and a lot of money. nothing could be easier!
important note: if you are interested in getting into glass etching for fun or profit or both you will find in this site kits for the beginner, intermediate or professional glass etcher at prices that start at only $14.95 (with a $10.00 discount coupon) for a "starter kit" up to large professional kits that make stencils that are 10" x 12" at $269.95 and everything in between. also we will even show you how to start your own glass etching business free. scroll down now and explore all the things you can do with these kits and remember that they are new and there is absolutely nothing on the internet today that will do all these kits do at prices anywhere near these low discount prices!  remember this is by far the very easiest way to etch glass with your artwork!



we are putting the fun back in glass etching. 
no longer do you have to struggle to cut out simple patterns with an exact-o knife or spend hours looking for a "stock stencil" that might do.  now you make your own stencils with your own artwork and designs in minutes or simply use any of the thousands of "un-copyrighted" designs or artwork all over the internet. then use this artwork to make your own dura-film stencils and they are "ready to use" in about 5 minutes from start to finish. by saving your stencils in a file you can save even more time and money because they are reusable.  





here are just a few examples of what you or anyone can create
						and etch on glass easily, quickly and very inexpensively.

						read on down for a complete explanation of the system.















etching beautiful designs on glass is made easy when you can make your own stencils in any intricate design you want, with artwork or copy you make on your own computer!





check out our shipment of  glass ornaments!
just in!   new shipment of glass award blanks, bases included!

there are literally hundreds of ideas that involve glass etching. many will even allow you to turn a very nice profit or  get into the glass etching business for yourself. here are just a few for you to check out and see how you can have fun and profit.
			there are thousands more that you can dream up yourself! 
glass ornaments you can decorate in minutes!
decorative glass ornaments!
this is a great place to start and is easy to do!
decorating ornaments is now extremely easy and fun using the new dura-film reusable stencils since it allows you to make your designs and then use them over and over again in different ways quickly and easily without the trouble of re-making your stencils. you will find hundreds of ways to reuse your stencils days, weeks and even years afterwards when new ideas come up.
check out our great new selection of    glass ornaments







special note: if you already have one of our stencil makers such as the  mark 440, 560, 680 or  mark 1000 unit 
simply use these instructions. 





 _____________________________________________________________

                                      transparency film






transparencies are used for printing the copy or designs created on your computer. they are then placed in the uv dura-film stencil maker and transferred onto a piece of unexposed dura-film stencil. please specify laser or inkjet, depending upon the type of printer you use.


available size: (inkjet and laser available)


10 pack 81/2" x 11"

$19.95


order now!




			 

			




glassware and wine glasses
						are available everywhere.







now you can decorate all kinds of glassware with your own designs or artwork for yourself, friends or for local restaurants, taverns or cocktail lounges and make real money doing it.
also there is excellent profit in designing and etching wine glasses for top restaurants or bars in your town.  and wal-mart and k-mart are
						full of easy things to etch.





check out the super easy  step-by-step instructions for etching wine glasses, beer mugs, and coffee cups.





glass awards and trophies you can make easily!
now you can create professional and impressive glass awards and trophies very quickly and inexpensively. give them as gifts or sell them to companies, clubs, schools, churches or organizations for a nice profit. even little league teams, soccer teams or boy and girl scout troops can be your customers. this is something you can sell almost anywhere in your area and make good money doing it. the best part is that it is so easy to do if you use the new dura-film stencils (which can be reused over and over again) and our line of glass blanks shown below. there can also be an 80% to 90% profit margin in these items. 
  new shipment of   trophy and  award blanks. bases included!
you can use these glass blanks to get into the glass etching business  yourself!







executive glass nameplates you can make easily! 

here is a very easy to make, fast selling item with great profit potential that you can use to start a home business with almost no expense. 



make glass nameplates for yourself and your friends or for a profit. glass etched nameplates sell for upwards of $40.00 on the internet and you can buy the supplies for about $6.50. this is a great way to start a home business! every bank, insurance company, real estate office, business corporation, club, church or organization is a customer.








 glass nameplate above is 2"x 6" x 3/4" thick (sells for $24.95 to $39.95 retail)
						we have all the standard sizes such as 2"x 8"x 3/4", 2"x 8"x 1/2",
						2"x10"x3/4" and 2½"x12"x3/4".
see our glass nameplate info and price list





glass table tops or place mats
make glass place mats, coffee table tops, desk tops etc., by making large dura-film stencils using the mark 1000 u.v. exposure unit (makes stencils that are 10"x 12" all one piece in 4 minutes). now you can etch large areas and by clever use you can tape more than one stencil together to cover even larger areas. let your imagination be your guide. 






check out the mark 1000 u.v. exposure unit.










mirrors - mirrors - mirrors
 mirror, mirror on the wall, you can decorate them all!






there are mirrors everywhere and they are easy to etch and cheap to buy yet they make great decorating materials. just go to wal-mart, home base, lowe's or any home improvement store and buy the one foot square mirrors. they usually come boxed 6 to a box and are about $9.95 per box. make them for yourself or team up with local decorators and let them know what you can do. they will gladly work with you. you may want to use the mark 1000 u.v. exposure unit since you can make larger stencils and cover most of the mirror at one time. 



check out the  mark 1000 u.v. exposure unit






tole painting
now with our new glass etching kits you create a smooth, evenly etched finish on glass, mirrors, ceramic, porcelain or marble. simply use dip 'n etch and you can create an etched surface that serves as a perfect opaque background for tole painting, stamping, or inking. dip 'n etch is non-hazardous, so it are safe to use at home, shop, in the classroom or in the studio.

			also dip 'n etch produces a consistently etched finish that has a texture or "tooth" that holds paint well. the smooth etched surface also saves your brushes from wear and tear. no longer is your tole painting limited to paper. now you can take tole painting to exciting new levels. recycle old glass bottles and jars by creating lovely treasures using dip 'n etch your favorite tole paint and your own artistic talent.

acrylic paint stencils
add a dab of paint to your stencils - you can simply "go wild" and let your artistic talent and ideas flow like never before.  now is the time to completely explore this  new website and see all the great ideas that are now available to you with these new stencil making kits.

other great ideas for etching glass
			with our new kits! 
















flower vase  


fruit bowl  


serving plate




click here for flat glass etching instructions. 




click here for round glass etching instructions. 












you can find all kinds of glassware that you can easily etch and turn into great gift ideas that are very inexpensive at wal-mart, kmart, etc. just take a look.





do you want us to notify you when we have new products or special promotions? 
are you interested in special, members-only discounts? 
would you like to receive helpful tips on expanding your business or just having more fun with glass etching? 
try subscribing to our newsletter, and you'll get all of these things and more.




enter your name:



enter your email:







   

click on any button below to see all the ways to etch glass, make stencils with your copy, designs or artwork, see how our kits work and if one is right for you and also
check out today's special offers
 

jade glass awards | jade glass ornaments |  
jade glass christmas ornaments |  etching supplies price list
uv glass glue | glass etching starter kit |   vin etching kits
440 stencil maker | 560 stencil maker   |  1000 stencil maker
			 
wine glass, coffee cup, and beer mug etching instructions  
home page | what is a dura-film stencil? | how to make stencils |     glass etching business
how to etch glass | dip 'n etch instructions | resist gel instructions |  glass desk nameplates
acrylic paint stencils  | fabric paint stencils | t-shirt stencils  
links page

     

email us  or  fax at 1-360-985-2996

p.o. box 200 / 500 wilcox road
			salkum, wa 98582
email - click here
phone: 1.800.775.0797
			fax: 1.360.985.2996
*note: these stencils are not compatible with any sandblasting technique.

copyright© 1995-2005 martronics corporation
etch-o-matic® is a registered trademark of martronics corporation
shopping cart software by 1shoppingcart.com
 
 