software médico - software médico : hidoctor : para clínicas e consultórios médicos     centralx®    hidoctor®hidoctor® clinic   centralx®, for more than 30 years developing the best medical systems.   hidoctor®, the best medical software for your practice.   hidoctor® clinic, managing your clinic has never been easier.  centralx® - intelligent health systemsat centralx we develop software and aplications for the medical sector. we offer ehr system for your clinic or medical practice and we go beyond. we have an integrated plataform, with all the possibilities that allow you to achieve greater results.our solutions will help you differentiate from your competitors, stablish your online presence and build a relationship with your patients, besides making your daily practice simpler and easier.why centralx®?we are leaders in medical technology in latin america in management systems. our leadership is based on providing practical and user-friendly systems. in addition, centralx® also provides online medical information systems for patients and healthcare professionals.you can count on us, from the health records to the most sophisticated technologies to increase the productivity and mobility of medical professionals. promoting high productivity in medical practiceshidoctor® is a software developed to meet all the needs of a medical practice. with focus on agility, it is the best medical system on the latin america market. from health records to statistics, the system offers several resources that promote results.the system works both online and offline, whether installed on your computer, via web on any device or through the application for android and ios. with hidoctor® net and hidoctor® mobile you access your data wherever you are, at any time you need it.visit the website promoting high productivity in clinicshidoctor® clinic is a complete software for managing clinics and hospitals. it takes care of the complete cycle of high productivity environments, helping integrate the work of various medical professionals.hidoctor® clinic also works on the web! you can combine the high performance of a software installed on your computer with the flexibility of online access to all the data.visit the website    contactnew subscription0800 979 0400monday to friday: 8am to 9:30pm  saturday: 8am to 8pm technical support+55 32 2102 0866monday to friday: 8am to 9:30pm  saturday: 8am to 8pm financial services+55 32 2102 0851monday to friday: 8am to 6:30pmexplore• hidoctor®• hidoctor® clinic  centralx ©2018 all rights reserved  