





welcome to alego health: elevating healthcare it solutions - alego health





















































skip to content




 









440.918.4570



sales@alegohealth.com











 








primary menu



aboutshow about submenuhide about submenu

about alego
executive team
testimonials
resources


hit solutionsshow hit solutions submenuhide hit solutions submenu

application builders
application implementation support
application integration
application training support
clinical analyst consultants
clinical help desk
data conversion solutions
emr help desk
emr security management
emr survey planning & analysis
icd-10 conversion
implementation project management
meaningful use & analysis
phr deployment and training
phr integration
provider specialized training & coordination
revenue cycle support
staff augmentation
training development systems


servicesshow services submenuhide services submenu

it servicesshow it services submenuhide it services submenu

it management support
mobile technology
database management
software migration
it department outsourcing
application management & selection
cloud services
it security management
network administration consulting


hr servicesshow hr services submenuhide hr services submenu

executive recruiting
direct hiring services
human resources consulting
background check solutions




softwareshow software submenuhide software submenu

in-patient
ambulatory
extended care
specialty software


careers
contact
press roomshow press room submenuhide press room submenu

the alegory
press release


 

















emr survey planning & analysis
whether for a smaller medical practice or at a large healthcare facility like a hospital or skilled nursing care...
know more








it services
alego health is committed to providing our clients and team members with the industry’s leading technology expertise.  alego’s commitment...
know more















welcome to alego health: elevating healthcare it solutions












alego health is proud to be one of the nation’s premier providers of comprehensive healthcare it solutions and services. our mission is to empower healthcare organizations of all sizes to enhance patient care through the seamless integration of advanced technology. with a specialized focus on healthcare it consulting, implementation, and support services, our team delivers tailored solutions that drive efficiency and innovation in the ever-evolving healthcare landscape.
unparalleled expertise in healthcare it
our team of skilled professionals and a trusted network of clinical consultants are experts in healthcare information systems. we collaborate with diverse healthcare organizations to implement and optimize it solutions that support clinicians and decision-makers in managing change and achieving exceptional outcomes. from it management and staff augmentation to high-level executive recruiting, alego health provides the expertise and resources needed to advance the continuum of patient care.
recognized excellence and proven results
alego health’s commitment to excellence has earned us recognition as one of inc. magazine’s 500 fastest-growing privately held companies in north america. we offer a wide range of opportunities, from short and long-term consulting engagements to full-time direct employment, ensuring that our clients have access to the best talent and solutions in the industry. our proven track record in healthcare it and emr platforms consistently leads to higher rates of end-user adoption and satisfaction, making us a trusted partner in the healthcare sector.
explore how alego health can help your organization achieve its goals through the strategic adoption of cutting-edge technology. let’s work together to shape the future of healthcare.






services

hit consulting
staff augmentation
training support
it services
project management

watch our video

the alegory


meaningful use on track, despite resistance


healthcare analytics the future of care?


alego, himss partner to develop innovation center


icd-10 readiness survey says we’re not so ready


help committee meetings helps healthcare immensely


 














alego health
	24651 center ridge rd., suite 400
westlake, oh 44145
google maps


phone: 440.918.4570
toll free: 855.918.4570
fax: 440.975.1444
sales@alegohealth.com
recruiting@alegohealth.com
 






get started
ready to learn more about how alego health can help with your it and emr needs?
send us a quick note about what you're looking for and we'll respond immediately!
contact us










															2025 © alego health | sitemap























