



stun guns, pepper sprays, personal alarms, surveillance products from self defense weapons




















 












 
        my account






orders





track my order(s)

track my order(s)







sign inregister









email



passwordforgot your password?





register for a new account


anti-bot validation




sign in


remember me
















home


catalog


my account


view cart


company


about our company


contact us


defensive sprays


how a stun gun works


privacy policy


return policy


shipping policy


stun gun laws


stun gun voltage


stun gun vs taser - the difference












 































cart is empty






cart is empty



view cart


checkout








 





menu




                        stun guns
                    



                        pepper shot sprays
                    



                        wildfire pepper spray
                    



                        mace sprays
                    



                        animal repellents
                    



                        personal alarms
                    



                        baton weapons
                    



                        home alarms
                    



                        safety lights
                    



                        diversion safes
                    



                        fake surveillance cameras
                    



                        knives
                    









 



                    
                                            hot deals
                                        

                






















stun baton

















stun flashlight - shorty

















runt stungun

















little stun gun

















lipstick stun gun

















mini stun gun











                
                                    quality self defense products
                                

            
welcome to self defense weapons. our company is committed to helping you protect yourself and loved ones with only superior quality self defense products. many of our products provide you with peace of mind while others give you hours of enjoyment.

when it comes to self defence we offer a large variety of products from highly recognizable companies, such as stun guns by stun master™ and runt™. we offer pepper sprays by mace™, wildfire™ and peppershot™. when shopping for self defense items please don't forget to protect your home with our wireless home alarms and home security cameras.
your safety is our number one priority! if you don't see it on our site, please contact us and we will do our best to help you find what you are looking for. or feel free to make suggestions on items you would love to see us carry.
along with our long line of defense products we carry a variety of other products for the enthusiast, such as blowguns, sling shots, throwing stars and self-defense training videos. browse our selection and order today to enjoy the peace of mind that comes with knowing that you and your family are protected.
there are several perks to shopping with self defense weapons. we offer free shipping on all orders over $75.00 (continental united states orders only and on standard ground shipping.) 
we also offer a 90-day money back guarantee on our self-defense items. if you don't feel more secure and self-confident with your purchase, you can return it for an exchange or refund within 90 days -no questions asked! that's right, if you're not happy with your purchase, we aren't either!



                
                                    service
                                

            
customer service
all orders are shipped within 1-2 business days. we make every effort to get your order out to you as quickly as possible. all major credit cards are accepted.

*important notice* it is the buyers responsibility, not the seller, to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, and federal laws regarding the possession and use of any item offered by self defense weapons. if you are unsure, please contact your local or state authorities.
be assured all orders placed on self defense weapons are completely secure.







 
 


your account




sign in
create account





our store

sitemap





customer service

about your order
shipping policy
return policy





about us

about us
contact us
privacy policy






 
 


    ©
            2003 -
        
    2025 self defense weapons.  powered by ecommerce software solution





















