







patio driveway specialist in kent essex london patios block paving walls steps fencing













































 home
        welcome
 about us
        who are we  about us

contactget in touch
contact

drivewaysgallery
driveways

walls etcgallery
walls etc
 patios
        gallery patios
 before & after
      gallery before & after


 











       


multiple award-winning, superior quality driveways, patios & landscaping

with over 20 years experience, paramount paving are leading specialists in patios and driveways in kent & london
             




please take a moment to see some of our transformations for yourself!
-------------- before & after gallery --------------

  have you seen our large image patio & driveway paving gallery?
fullscreen images of our work are available to view here


 




new jointing sandweed-free
paramount paving now offer a unique, effective weed-free paving  jointing sand solution. we install this fantastic product as standard with every driveway.
 
multiple award winners
we're honoured to have been recognized for a selection of our portfolio over the past few years, with a host of industry awards for our patio & driveway installations  see awards here 
 
previous customersfeedback
don't   take our word for it,  take a look at theuk's best 'rogue trader' eliminating website when choosing driveways patios walls.  click here



marshalls approvedinstaller
'fully approved' marshalls register landscape contractors, driveway and permeable paving trained installers click here to see our profile page
 
member& approved installer
we're 12 year members and on the commitee of interlay - the association of block paving contractors, click here to visit interlay website
 
brett approvedinstaller
 one of only a select few companies to be handed the premier approved installer  title by brett,   click here to see us on  brett's website




lawns gallery artificial lawns
'due to huge success in the past couple of years, we now offer an artificial turf lawn installation service in conjunction with our regular paving work see examples
 
free paving designenhanced layouts
stuck for ideas? need some inspiration? maybe you just need some advice?! we offer a free design service to enhance the look of your driveway or patio more info   landscaping galleryplants & more
amazing artificial and living  finishes to our award-winning patio paving work. take a look at our   soft landscaping, planting and lawn installation  work see examples




areas coveredpaving services area
based in swanley, kent, in close proximity to the boroughs of orpington & bromley, we tend to frequent these areas for garden design & paving, we also cover all of london, the rest of kent and most of essex. 
our servicesdesign, paving & more
with the addition of our new, free garden design, we offer  patio paving, driveway paving, landscaping and lots of other useful services to enhance your property click here for more info. on our services.
 




hampton courtwith edible bus stop
we laid brett paving for an exhibit at rhs hampton court palace garden show  entitled riot of colour by designer edible bus stop's will sandy see the rhs write-up here. here's our pictures from the historic garden display.
 
peace of mindwritten & signed
paramount paving offer official, written guarantees for all of our  patio, driveway, walling or any other services we carry out, giving you peace of mind and ensuring that you can trust our work and rely on us.  
garden installedprestigious exhibit
 we were selected to install a show garden designed by kari beardsell named 'garden by night' at the rhs hampton court flower show see the results here 




latest projectspatio - bromley
recent  patio and landscaping transformation including walls and steps in bromley, kent. see   this bromley patio here
 
latest projectsporcelain patios
recent patios installed in kent using various designs and styles of porcelain paving tiles. click here to see
 
latest projectsfrontage - sevenoaks
 recent  complete make over to the entrance of  donnington manor best western hotel in sevenoaks, kent. click here to see 




latest projectsdriveway - kent
recent  driveway installation in kent, using aura block paving laid in a circular pattern, giving the property a wow factor and contemporary look on arrival. click here to see 
 
latest projectspatio - chislehurst 
recent patio installed in chislehurst using natural stone paving slabs and beta block paving. click here to see
 
latest projectspatio - bromley
 recent  patio using polished sandstone with tumbled setts which also features walling, seats and lawn.  see  this bromley patio here 




latest projectsdriveway - petts wood
recent driveway installed in petts wood, using brett beat blocks with alpha antique border and many other features. click here to see 
 
latest projectspatio - chislehurst 
recent patio installed using brett elite textured sandstone with tumbled setts, steps, artificial lawn and plastic planting. click here to see
 
latest projectsdriveway - orpington
 recent driveway  installed in orpington using alpha antique and aura block paving, also walls, lawn and planting.  click here to see 




latest projectspatio   - essex
 patio installed in loughton, essex,  including artificial lawn & plants, walling, steps, drainage, foliage and  watering system. click here to see 
 
latest projectsdriveway - loughton
driveway installed in loughton, essex, including a feature circular step with walls, kerbs, drainage and planting. click here to see
 
latest projectsdriveway - kent
 complete front garden make over  in bromley, with block paving,  entrance strip, steps, walls, kerbs, drainage, plants and lawn. click here to see 



the brett installer awards 2016 was held at the belfry hotel in oxford. 
             you can read a report and view the award winners on information resource website, 
             pavingexpert.com, a highly respected authority in the industry,
with a wealth of paving information, run by tony mccormack. click here to see

             the brett 
            approved installer awards for 2014 ceremony took place in february 2015  
           paramount paving won 2 x 1st place & 7 x runners up awards - click here to see

  (there's also some info. on the brett paving approved installer awards 2015 ceremony in the building trade press - click here to see)

 
we lay the very best, award-winning, fully approved driveway paving, patio   paving, block paving, permeable paving,  walls & fences
across a wide area of england especially bromley, orpington and petts wood in kent
brett approved installers /  interlay commitee members / marshalls approved contractors register
please call 01322 613221 for a free estimate

  paving awards - we've won lots of awards for our paving work from the industry's most recognized bodies
 click here to see our interlay awards 
(interlay are the association of block paving contractors for the uk)
click here to see our marshalls register awards  
(marshalls are  suppliers of high quality paving materials in the uk)
click here to see our brett paving awards  
(brett paving are leading manufacturers of high quality aggregate and paving products in the uk)
click here to see all paramount paving's awards

showstopping installation - a garden by night
 in association with brett paving, we installed an amazing showcase at the rhs hampton court palace flower show 2011


click here to see the bbc's write up for a garden by night
click here to see the design company's project brochure for a garden by night
click here to see the designer's personal blog  for a garden by night
 
we're proud to show you an amazing show garden install by paramount paving 
  one of england's best, award-winning patio, paving and driveway installers
we installed an amazing and original garden  at the rhs hampton court palace flower show 2011
 take a look at the finished 'garden by night' in the videos below:


 
 paramount paving on checkatrade 


  based in swanley, kent, we also carry out paving work and block paving work for driveways and patios in london. 
  some areas we've worked   in are bromley, orpington, pettswood,  sevenoaks, beckenham, chislehurst, sidcup, eltham, bexley, bexley heath, dartford, blackheath, rochester, meopham, gravesend, tonbridge and all surrounding areas.
  if you don't see your area listed and would like to make an enquiry, then please don't hesitate to contact us
 we've  also carried out all types of   block paving from patios and driveways to full landscapes all over london. 
  if you'd like a free quote from paramount paving to supply and build  driveways,
patios, walls and steps, brickwork and landscaping features 
including ponds in a wide area of london and kent please contact us.




trading as paramount paving
home|
about us|
contact|
driveways|
walls/steps|
patios|
before & after |









