







inara george










































top









        
          
            inara george
          
        
      




















































              home
            

        projects + shows
      

        news
      

        music
      

        videos
      

        store
      

        contact
      































































































homeprojects + showsnewsmusicvideosstorecontact





                
                  
                    inara george
                  
                
              











scroll


















 

inara george1/1 of inara george 1/2 of the bird and the bee 1/4 of the living sisters 1/1 of release me records



showsfollow inara on bandsintown or songkick for the latest show info.



 






news + secrets

 

via ig: @inara_george











new song out today. just some meanderings on america. thank you to @sunkingstudios for mixing so masterfully and @larrygoldings @bukkaallen and #gabenoel for playing so beautifully! and to the beautiful @madebybellaporter for the artwork. xoxo



 



practicing a song for my show coming up at @zebulonla on january 28th. get yer tix! link in bio oh and i have a new song coming out on friday!!!









this is me thinking about what songs to play at my upcoming show at @zebulonla any suggestions? get yer tix. link in bio









today as i drove my kids to school we listened to @alexlillyland ‘s new album, which came out today!! my eldest son, who is 12, has recently become quite a connoisseur of music… and if i may say, he’s got great taste. as we were getting close to the end of the album he interjected, “i think alex could be really big.” and i said, “i know! i’ve thought that for years!!” he compared the album to “a louder billie eilish, radiohead’s album kid a and the beatles.” not too shabby alex!! everyone! please take my son’s advice and go listen to this album! it’s so good! and deep! and smart! and fun! and serious! all the things you want. link in bio!! xoxoinara







    more news -->  @inara_george
  

  






 




    watch videos   ►
  














 

music• latest releases •“america” - out now! “i wrote this song after a road trip i took with my children a few summers ago. as we drove through some of the most beautiful parts of the country, and then sometimes the most depressing highways filled with all of the same chain restaurants, it got me thinking about the past and the future of this country. i suppose it’s just a song about what freedom really means.” ~inara













▷





inara teamed up with dave grohl of foo fighters for the single “sex in cars: road angel project,” a duet version of the track “sex in cars” from george’s release “the youth of angst”.  click below to listen:













▷





“sex in cars: road angel project” is the first in a series of “road angel project” releases, which will see all proceeds donated via a partnership with sweet relief musicians fund. the covid- 19 relief fund at sweet relief provides financial assistance to all types of career musicians and music industry workers who have lost income due to the global pandemic.




    learn more
  



“the youth of angst,” a collection of three tracks produced by wendy wang is out now via release me records. 













▷





“the youth of angst” is the first in a series of collaborative releases “with a little theme and not the huge pressure of a full album,” george says about how she plans to make this long experiment into something more frequent. for this release “i wanted to write from the perspective of my younger self, but also with the idea that i could never actually have that perspective again. i suppose this bundle is nostalgic for a time and feeling that isn’t really possible to recreate, or only possible to recreate in my imagination.”



• albums (lp’s) •inara’s discography includes four full-length solo albums to date: all rise, accidental experimental, an invitation (with van dyke parks) and dearest everybody. click on an album cover to stream or download tracks. for vinyl, cd’s, merch and goodies from other musical projects, visit the release me records store.

 




album gallery

























dearest everybody (release me records, 2018)






“dearest everybody is, despite its seemingly simple presentation, a work born of deep insight…polished and tight, filled with rich, gentle harmonies, melodic hooks, subtle but illustrative textures, and glorious images that find their way inside the listener to create a seemingly private conversation.” -allmusic


























an invitation (everloving records, 2008)






“with her steady, crystalline voice, the only voice heard, george sounds like the still center of a swirling one-woman musical…told in an unmistakably american idiom fusing broadway and tin pan alley and copland, spotlighting inara george as a sophisticated new voice and confirming van dyke parks, at 68, as an inexhaustibly vital national treasure.” - pitchfork


























accidental experimental (everloving records, 2009)






“for accidental experimental, inara laces her beautiful songs with a mixture of baroque pop, experimental folk, and romantic balladry that fans of both her solo work and band efforts will immediately find familiar and essential.” -kcrw


























all rise (everloving records, 2005)






“since her voice is clear and lovely, the songs are tuneful without being flashy, and the production is quiet, subtly layered, george makes all rise seem easy, and it's only when the record is over that it dawns on you what a rich, rewarding album it is.” -allmusic


















contactvinyl, cd’s and merch: visit releasemerecords.com/store booking & press inquiries: info@releasemerecords.comoccasional love letters from inara:  sign up below ↓










email address






sign up





thank you!























































featured image



projects + shows



news



feat vid



music



contact
















© 2023 inara george. all rights reserved. contact: info@releasemerecords.com  |  site by  [a}









