



summit county probate court - summit county court of common pleas - probate division judge elinore marsh stormer













































 










summit county court of common pleas - probate division
judge elinore marsh stormer


209 south high street 
akron, ohio 44308-1616
hours: monday-friday 8am-4pm 
(330) 643-2350 - get directions




 

home
case records search
honorable elinore marsh stormer
local rules
contact us
court holidays
efiling









 
 
 
 
 





welcome to summit county probate court

welcome to the summit county probate court website. our goal is to assist those in need in the many important areas our court serves. we seek to do this with integrity and being faithful to the laws of the state of ohio.
forms

 
 


 
 



previous
next

 





marraige license information




i’m getting married


 congratulations!  as you prepare for your wedding, one of your stops is to visit probate court to get your marriage license. 
read more
  


adoption information




i want to adopt


 every child deserves to grow up in a loving family, and adoption is one way in which a person can provide a loving home for a child.   
read more
  


estate




my loved one has passed


 it’s not easy to lose a loved one.  in addition to dealing with heartbreak, you may be asked to settle the “estate.”  where do you begin? 
read more
  


public records




i want to become a guardian


 if age or infirmity takes away an individual’s ability to make good choices, the probate court will appoint a guardian. 
read more
  
 



additional resources


records – legal proof of marriage
accounts
adult declaration of paternity
bci check
birth registration/corrections
caregivers resources
court costs (filing fees)
court news and newsletters
court videos
curated courthouse
developmental disabilities
family matters (your)
genealogy and records
guardianship complaint form


help desk
links to other courts
mental health/new day court
miller/qit trust
minor’s claims/funds
moving a body
name change/name conformity
senior services
speakers bureau
state of the court – 2024
unclaimed funds
where do i park
will deposit



state of the court 2024

summit county probate court continues to provide services such as; new day court, senior visitors, guardianships, marriage licenses, adoptions and senior summits. read this and much more in the state of the court.    
 

posted  by wordpress1   in court in the news | comments off on state of the court 2024
read more

 

judge stormer receives award for excellence


 
oct 18, 2022
over 30 years of innovation and integrity celebrated (summit county, ohio-september 2022) – summit county probate court judge elinore marsh stormer has been recognized with the 2022 thomas j. moyer award for judicial excellence.  the ohio bar association declared stormer as the clear choice for this year’s award due to her innovations that have reshaped judicial practices and created groundbreaking firsts in ohio and summit county throughout her career. the moyer award annually recognizes a judge who displays outstanding qualities of judicial excellence including integrity, fairness, open-mindedness, knowledge of the law, professionalism, ethics, creativity, sound judgment, courage, and decisiveness. the ohio state bar presented the award on september 15, 2022,  at their annual meeting at the ohio judicial conference in columbus. in her many years of service, judge stormer has been a trailblazer who transformed systems at nearly every level of judicial practice.  while serving in akron municipal court, she began the first municipal drug court and the first mental health specialty court in ohio.  when she was elected to the court of common pleas, she began a model reentry court to help offenders returning from prison become productive citizens.  while serving as probate court judge, stormer initiated new day court, the first in ohio for those who have been civilly committed.  new day court assists participants in avoiding return trips to the hospital and provides a path to recovery for those suffering from severe mental illness.  “judge stormer has been a leader in bringing therapeutic jurisprudence to ohio and, throughout her impressive career, has accomplished many firsts,” said ohio state bar association president judge dean wilson. “her creativity, open mind, and integrity are the hallmarks of a great leader that chief justice moyer so valued and judge stormer is a wonderful example of a public servant who is dedicated to helping her community.” the judge was unable to attend the evening but sent this video as acceptance: view acceptance video the moyer award, established in 2010 by the ohio bar honors the late chief justice thomas j moyer who served from 1987 to 2010. in probate court, stormer also began a mediation program and a free help desk as well as the senior visitor...
 

posted  by wordpress2   in court in the news | comments off on judge stormer receives award for excellence
read more

 

britney spears would have more protections in summit county courts

recent national media reports reveal a series of horrific issues around guardianships…read the complete article
 

posted  by wordpress2   in court in the news | comments off on britney spears would have more protections in summit county courts
read more

 

betty lin-fisher: tips for end-of-life planning at any age

death is certainly one of those topics most people don’t want to think about. but taking some steps to plan for your death is one of the most loving things you can do for your family…read the complete article
 

posted  by wordpress2   in court in the news | comments off on betty lin-fisher: tips for end-of-life planning at any age
read more

 



 


end-of-life planning 

talking about end-of-life care is important, but difficult.   if you do not have advance directives in place and are unable to make health care and/or end-of-life decisions, the court may have to make these decisions for you.  advance planning, as hard as it may be, reduces family disagreement and court intervention.

read more

   

volunteer opportunities 

the need for compassionate, committed volunteers is growing every year.   probate court has two programs, the volunteer guardian program and the senior visitor program, to assist our citizens in need.

read more
   
 
 
 
 
 






 
 


home
links to other courts
where do i park
court videos
help desk

summit county probate court | © 2025
 
 










new:  court cost payments may be made via deluxe payment exchange! 

click for information














