

 classic glass corvette club



































  


our 2024 cgcc picnic -- photo by phil lewis
click image to see it full-size (you may have to click twice!)










now celebrating the 42nd anniversary of classic glass corvette club!
check us out on facebook, instagram and twitter!
      

  
next meeting: march 11th.







our  regular meeting location is:

2500 cobb place
town center at cobb
kennesaw ga
(770) 429-2500

click here for directions.
see you there on the second tuesday of the month?







  
president's message
welcome to classic glass corvette club (cgcc), one of largest and most active clubs in georgia that is dedicated to owners and enthusiasts of the corvette automobile.    we welcome all models and all years.

established in 1983, our membership has grown every year and we closed out 2023 with 345 members.

we are a proud business member and supporter of the national corvette museum in bowling green, ky.    we have a very active calendar of events throughout the year.    these include day and overnight cruises, car shows in the atlanta area and parades.   we also make at least four trips to the national corvette museum annually to participate in the michelin bash, anniversary celebration, vets 'n vettes and a work weekend.    please see the events calendar tab for a schedule of our planned events.    we are continually updating the calendar, so please check back often.

if you are a corvette owner or enthusiast, why not join us at one of our monthly club meetings (except december) at hudson grille in kennesaw?    you can also visit our facebook, twitter and instagram pages.

we would love to meet you!


david klingensmith, president





 













our partners:



























 


        classic 
        glass corvette club  is 
        a proud sponsor of 


 




 





 




 





 




 


the 
        corvette name is a copyrighted trademark / salesmark of the chevrolet 
        motors division of general motors. any use of the corvette name at this 
        site is used only as a point of reference to their automobiles or automotive 
        products line of the same name. no copyright / trademark / salesmark infringements 
        are intended or implied.
 
this 
        web site is independently operated as a free informational service for 
        the benefit of corvette owners and other interested parties.
         
neither 
        the chevrolet motor division nor any other segment of general motors or 
        its affiliates or subsidiaries shall bear any responsibility whatsoever 
        for its content.



 




 


© 
        classic glass corvette club, 1983-2024


 




 





 






if you're a new corvette owner, or want to know more aboutthe "corvette wave", just click here! 




 



 
          questions 
        or comments? click 
!




 




 

site 
            managed by 
, club member & webmaster





 




 







 



 



