




v. omg it's neopets!














about me

the clone is an eight year old girl who loves to read and write. she is also a very good artist, and has a very keen sense of humor.
she loves to tease, and her main targets are usually her two older sisters. 





sister sites

jade
jade-n-mom
in our kitchen
our reviews
sis asi
asi2
old times
the clone chronicles
sister o
sister jo
my mom's daily pix


previous posts

go gaia!
am i ever going to be on that site?
hooray!!! i am back!!! yay! yippie!!!!!(final good...
sorry i haven't been able to post
iiiiiii'mmmmmmmm baaaaaaack (aaaaaagaaaaaaiiiiiiii...
aq news
i'm back(again)
more dragon fable fun
moore house times
updates



archives


september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
march 2005
october 2005
november 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
june 2006
september 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
december 2007
march 2008
april 2008



sponsor






powered by







the clone chronicles

journal of the jojo clone, an eight nine ten year old girl who also wants to start posting her thoughts online.

♥ blogs ♥

go gaia!

first, i want to show you my avi badge from gaia online at this link, http://www.gaiaonline.com/badge/10404157. you can make your own avitar and account and spread the news about gaia online to all your friends!

tuesday, april 01, 2008; 11:44 am | 
0 comments(s)


am i ever going to be on that site?

o.k.,  this whole "good bye" "i'm back" thing is just making fun of me now-a-days, so i guess i'll just post the usual. so, in the new mq, there are houses, dorms and more pizza on the wall. the soluna museum is now open with great new quests and more, other new quests that are so new that i can't even get into the details! in df, a new labyrinth and town are now open and with it some quests! and as far as i know, there isn't any thing new in aq. so that concludes our part of the post that we tell everything new about aq, mq, and df! (and that's the only part of the post hehe ;))

monday, march 31, 2008; 2:42 pm | 
0 comments(s)


hooray!!! i am back!!! yay! yippie!!!!!(final good bye postt_t)

hooray!! i'm finally back on the site! i think i might be moving soon t_t so sad! good bye to all at blogger!t_t this is supposedly my last post on blogger... forever!!! wahhhh t_t!! i will be on amoores from now on. a totally different domain! it's great, but so sad because i will miss you all silly and will always remember you all. you read my posts of dragon fable and adventure quest and i've been slacking on the news of new games by them and their sponsers. and they have a new game called mech quest. it has giant robots and a girl that likes anime!!! it is a very cool game that came before adventure quest and yes, before dragon fable. 5,000 years before dragon fable (tell the truth, it's only 4,995 so it's really 5,000 years before adventure quest not dragon fable, and it's the  end of 3009 in mech quest, so just think what year it is in dragon fable and adventure quest and what it will be at 12 'o clock tonight! 8004 in dragon fable and 8009 in adventure quest. then it will be 8005 and 8010!! and your ace game reporter watching the news, i don't know about where you are but here, we may have some snow for the new year! well... just a couple flakes, that could become a huge blizzard and save us from our drought!!! that would be wonderfull! hehe... well i guess if you read my moms site for recipes or the latest news from the sagunto star which used to be a news paper in the philippines but now it's a news site at amoores and she will put a link to my site, which i will rename soon. a much better name than clone chronicles. t_t i still feel bad about leaving... well bye i guess.

monday, december 31, 2007; 10:41 pm | 
0 comments(s)


sorry i haven't been able to post

hi! sorry i haven't been posting, i've been doing mostly games and stuff like that. i've been thinking of posting but never got to it. not even on the day i got off for no reason. well, more like staying home to watch my dad while he was sick this monday. he still smoked that day, but i think he's getting better at the moment, but i'm not sure about that. we just did the pronouns today and not everybody really got it as easily as me. and i think i still have to post whats going on in aq. so far, the temple of hope has water, light, fire, and, i think, darkness or something else if wrong. i'll post more later. bye.

wednesday, february 28, 2007; 8:28 pm | 
0 comments(s)


iiiiiii'mmmmmmmm baaaaaaack (aaaaaagaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn)

iiiiiiii"mmmmmm baaaaaaaaaack!! i can't wait to tell you all about it. the trip was sooooo much fun! i got sick from exhaust in baguio and i didn't exactly make friends with my cousins in sagunto, but in manilla, they asked me to stay with them. in baguio, ambrielle had fun with the babys and little kids. i really liked the eleven month old baby in baguio. he was so cute! but the only problem was, he didn't like me. i'll tell you more later since it's almost time for bed and i want to get my hair done really quick. post ya later! bye!(ithink this is th time you stop reading since i don't have anything else to say).

wednesday, january 24, 2007; 9:06 pm | 
0 comments(s)


aq news

you all know of frostval, as you know, it's a new place to go to on the travel map. it's not that new and all but it's sort of new. and you might as well know that frostvale is a holiday and that this, from what i heard, is the first frostvale that has a war, right in the middle of it. but if you want to find out more, go to www.battleon.com for more information.

thursday, december 14, 2006; 5:43 pm | 
0 comments(s)


i'm back(again)

hey! hello?! can you hear me?!?! o.k. so lets get down to business. i'm back, but i'm going to not be here for a little while,...'cause i'm goin' to the philippines!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm leaving on december the 16th (this saturday). sorry i couldn't get this to you earlier, but i kept forgeting to check blogger frequently so i never told you about it. but i'm sure that j-mom told you about it. and i've got some aq news, too. i'm going to tell you about that later though. anyhow, i have to go now, so, good bye!

; 5:24 pm | 
0 comments(s)


