





alpine accessories – paddleboard rentals and lessons








































toggle navigation






home
about
contact
ski information
sup info
 
search


search for:


search

 
 
 




skip to content




alpine accessories 


home
about
contact
ski information
sup info
 





search for:




 



 





						toggle sidebar & navigation					












the board house
paddleboard rentals and lessons








 

scroll down to content







paddleboarding at the board house


the board house may be the best place in northern il to paddleboard! in our opinion, the lake at three oaks recreation area in crystal lake, il. is the best lake to paddle board. why? the lake is 338 acres of clear, clean water. the perfect size because it takes about two hours to paddle around. then you have plenty of fish, turtles and wildlife to view while you’re on the water. the lake has 8 islands and 5 bays to explore and except for the patrol boat, there are no motor boats on the lake to create a wake. then there’s the board house itself. it has a private launch area for enjoying many different paddleboard activities with a large fleet of paddle boards to rent.





about the board house
the board house is a concession, owned and operated by alpine accessories and located on the north side of the lake at three oaks recreation area in crystal lake, il. it is the first dedicated stand up paddle board facility in the chicago area. the board house has a large fleet of rental paddle boards and equipment for your enjoyment. if you enjoy paddleboarding, or want to find out what it’s all about, we invite you to come down and visit.

about us
pricing













dry land instruction


paddle board lessons
beginner, intermediate and advanced lessons are available. taking a lesson you will learn the basics to advanced paddle strokes, based on your skill level, so you will have the best experience and more fun. instructors give about 10-15 minutes dry land, time on water with the instructor and the remaining time you practice on the water.

lessons





gallery

moonlight paddle
friendly staff
seating area
paddleboard instructor bill
no reservations required
bring a friend



take paddle board excursions!



contact us










find us address
three oaks recreation area, crystal lake il
hours
memorial day to labor day, weather permitting

 

about this is the place for stand up paddle board rentals and lessons!

search


search for:


search

 





							copyright © 2025 alpine accessories					

inspiro theme
            by			wpzoom














