




 
manchester township – york county, pennsylvania




























skip to content










3200 farmtrail road   york, pa 17406-5699 |  phone: (717) 764-4646  |  fax: (717) 767-1400  |  email: info@mantwp.com 

 







menu



york county, pennsylvania 







home 
government about manchester township 
meetings & agendas 
boards & commissions 
budgets & financials 
careers 
departments administration 
fire services 
planning / zoning 
public works 
recreation 

right to know / open records 
township municipal ordinances 

recreation township newsletter 
building & pavilion rentals 
upcoming events 
our parks 
program registration 
contact parks & rec 

residents contact us 
epayment & online registration sewer & refuse payment 
parks & recreation activities or rental payment 

upcoming events (parks & rec) 
rental property registration form (pdf) 
recycling & trash 
tax collector 
voting information 
public safety resources 
stormwater 

business business tax information 
contact us 
recycling & trash 
public safety resources 
stormwater 

forms 
resource 
contact us 
 



close menu









 





















cousler park | aerial view
 
















register online!






sign up for recreation programs and pavilion rentals.










contact us






fill out our contact us form and let us know how we can help.










pay sewer bill online






make your payment online for your quarterly sewer bill
















                    upcoming events and important updates            

                    browse the latest information at a glance to stay up to date on manchester township happenings!            









 



president’s day observance

manchester township will be closed on monday, february 17th, 2025, in observance of president’s day.  the office will resume normal operating hours on tuesday, february 18th, 2025.
the drop box is available for payments or other correspondence.
 










 



winter 2025 newsletter












glo fiber internet line construction in manchester township

glo fiber, powered by shenandoah telecommunications company (“shentel”) will be installing direct fiber-to-the-home internet connections in manchester township.  several of our neighboring municipalities are also working with shentel to bring this service to both residential and commercial customers.
construction is scheduled to start on june 6th and will begin on penndot roadways.  the construction phases will be posted on the township facebook page as well as through the savvy citizen app (see the download information at the bottom of this page for savvy citizen).
as part of the construction process, there will be flags to mark utilities in yards and roadways.  please do not remove or move these flags.
if you experience any concerns or have questions, please visit their website by using the link below or call 866-997-6474.
 
glo fiber construction website link 











 



comprehensive plan information

manchester township, north york borough, and conewago township have been working on a comprehensive plan.  the plan began in july of 2023 and has progressed to the plan development phase.  as part of the plan development phase, we are holding public meetings to gather resident input.  manchester township held a meeting on march 26th.
we will continue to add information as the plan progresses.  please see the links below for more detailed information:
multi municipal public engagement presentation
trends report november 2023
public meeting engagement activities
may 8, 2024, meeting minutes
comprehensive plan draft 
 










 



manchester township honored as a quality community

in cooperation with the international city/county management association (icma) annual conference in pittsburgh, pa, manchester township was chosen as a highlighted community for its quality livability and services.
manchester township was one of twenty communities throughout the nation honored with this recognition.
please see the link below to view the video – manchester township a stronger community together.
video link
 
 




















 





                        board & commissions                    


            learn more        




 





 





                        township ordinances                    


            learn more        




 





 





                        career opportunities                    


            learn more        




 



 








 










 







 



 





 



 





 











back to top



 








© 2023 manchester townshipsite by double dog communications 































 

