

beauty addict: a little obsessed with makeup - beauty blog



































about
makeup
skincare
body
fragrance
steals and deals
search beauty addict
  










skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar














.


inside the blogger's studio
5 tricks for sexy summer beach hair
get the look: january jones at mad men premiere
new from bath & body works: forever sunshine, dark kiss
new: fresh "eat, pray, love" collection





.


multitasking beauty superheroes
how to build the ultimate wedding day survival kit
dispatch from the man cave: shu uemura shape paste
bumble, bumble and me
how self tanners work (and why they smell)









archives


categories

---face---
  makeup
  cheeks
  eyes
  face
  lips
 palettes
 skincare

---body---
hair
  hands and nails
  self tan
  smile
  sun
  bath & body (all)

---scents---
fragrance
solid perfume
home fragrance

---fashion & runway---
  fashion
  fashion week
  runway beauty

---celebrities---
 silly celebrity makeup
  red carpet beauty
  celebrities (all)

---features---
  about the addict
 holiday 2007
  beauty bookshelf
  beauty on the road
  beauty traditions
  bridal beauty
  fake bake month
  gifts
  media





brands  

almay  
anna sui  
aquaphor  
aquolina  
arrogance mix   
art of perfumery  
artemis woman   
aveda  
avon  


bare escentuals   
bath and body works   
becca   benefit   besame  biore  biosilk  blinc   bliss  bloom  bobbi brown  
bombshell  bond no. 9   
bootie pies   
boots  booty parlor   
boscia  bourjois  breath palette 
britney spears  bumble and bumble  

cake beauty  
california tan  
cargo    
carol's daughter   
caswell-massey   
cb i hate perfume   
ceci cela   
chanel  chantecaille      cheeks       chi    cibu       clairol     
clean  clinique  comptoir s pacifique  country bunny   

delux   demeter  dessert beauty    dior    diptyque   dkny  dove  dr. hauschka  duwop  


elizabeth arden  
elizabeth taylor   
elizabethw    
emjoi       escada       essie         
estee lauder   

famous daves     
 fekkai   
fresh  fresh scents   fusion beauty   

garnier   giorgio armani  givenchy  gosmile   
gucci  

hello kitty   
hermes   hilary duff   

jay strongwater   
jergens  jo malone     
john frieda  johnson's    jonathan product   jordana   


kenzo    kls   korres   


l'occitane    l'oreal  la mer    la petite parfumette  la prairie   lancome  laura mercier   le labo   lisa hoffman skincare   lorac   louis vuitton   lush   

mac   
maine shave   
mally beauty   
marc jacobs   mark   marvis   mary kay    max factor    maybelline   md skincare  
michael kors   modelco   monyette paris     murad     mystic tan   

nanette lepore   nars   nautica   neutrogena      nexxus   nivea   


ojon   opi   orajel   origins   oscar blandi  

pacific shaving co   
paul mitchell   
peter thomas roth  philosophy   physicians formula   prada   
prescriptives   
product body 
pucci  
purely shea  pureology   

redken   relastin  revlon  robert piguet  rubis  

sally hansen  sanrio   sarah jessica parker  scent by alexis   sea of life     
sean john  
seche vite 
sedu     
sephora  serge lutens   
sexysmile     shiseido  shu uemura   
smashbox   
softsoap   st. ives   
st. tropez     stallex     stella mccartney   stephane marais  stila  sue devitt   
susan posnick   

t. leclerc    t3    tarte      tend skin   the body shop  thierry mugler   tigi   
tocca  tom ford     too faced    trace elements   tweezerman    

urban decay   

venexx   victoria's secret   vincent longo    vitamin water     

wella   

yves saint laurent   

ziaja 






monthly archives
november 2015 (2)
may 2011 (1)
september 2010 (5)
august 2010 (68)
july 2010 (31)
december 2009 (1)
november 2009 (27)
october 2009 (49)
september 2009 (2)
august 2009 (1)
july 2009 (8)
june 2009 (29)
april 2009 (1)
march 2009 (4)
february 2009 (3)
january 2009 (2)
december 2008 (6)
november 2008 (64)
october 2008 (21)
september 2008 (6)
august 2008 (14)
july 2008 (48)
june 2008 (64)
may 2008 (45)
april 2008 (26)
march 2008 (46)
february 2008 (76)
january 2008 (70)
december 2007 (4)
november 2007 (5)
october 2007 (85)
september 2007 (58)
august 2007 (6)
july 2007 (10)
june 2007 (15)
may 2007 (21)
april 2007 (17)
march 2007 (15)
february 2007 (30)
january 2007 (24)
december 2006 (23)
november 2006 (30)
october 2006 (45)
september 2006 (45)
august 2006 (20)
july 2006 (37)
june 2006 (20)
may 2006 (31)
april 2006 (53)
march 2006 (36)
february 2006 (28)
january 2006 (27)
december 2005 (33)
november 2005 (44)
october 2005 (31)
september 2005 (52)
august 2005 (9)













about


redwood & vine
about kristen
site faq
disclosure
advertise



features


new collections
weekly steals & deals
encyclopedia of mascara
the pampered mama
beauty on the road



face


makeup
cheeks
eyes
face
lips
skincare



body


all bath & body
hands & nails
self tan
sun
hair



scents


fragrance
solid perfume
home fragrance



famous faces


celebrities
red carpet beauty
runway beauty



sales, sales, sales!


beyond the rack
billion dollar babes
gilt groupe
hautelook
ideeli
mynines
rue la la



super hot sites









monday, november 30, 2015



dropping in again for cyber monday!






well hello again! judging by how many of you checked in here the last time i posted, there are still plenty of former beauty addict readers out and about. thought i'd pop in again to share some cyber monday deals from my new biz, redwood & vine. things are going amazingly well and i love creating and sharing new and unique goodies!

today you can save up to 65% on holiday gifts for everyone on your list -- and some treats for you, too! here are just a few of the deals up for grabs:


65% off throw pillows


40% off phone cases, including clear, nautical and faux glitter styles!


50% off cards, labels, stickers, gift wrap and gift tags -- check out the best in my holiday shop!


40% off funny, cute, or monogram mugs for everyone on your list


20% off everything else!


and the best part? if you have something in mind and don't see it, i can custom design it for you! just hit me up via facebook or twitter.







so stop by and say hi if you have a moment -- i'd love to hear from you! and of course...happy shopping :)







link  |

  
  |  
email this post | disclosure







share: 











thursday, november 12, 2015



hello, it's me.



i was wondering if, after all these years, you'd like to meet?

(nobody says it better than adele. it is known.)

it's been a long time since i've posted in this space. since i last checked in, i got married, moved to the amazingly beautiful napa valley, and had a baby boy, alex. life has been good!

while i was on maternity leave i found myself wanting a new hobby/side job/passion project. i had some ideas knocking around in my head for baby onesies, and had a backlog of shower invitations and games i had created for friends over time. so i created my very own shop with zazzle and started making those creations available for purchase.

my new venture is called redwood & vine, an homage to my new surroundings in beautiful napa, bursting with tall redwood trees and rows of grapevines as far as the eye can see.

it's been an amzing success so far and, if you find yourself in this space, i'd love for you to check out what i've been up to. as of today, i have nearly 4,000 designs up for sale, from iphone cases to funny tees to monogrammed bridesmaid gifts. here's a little sample:

 
    rose gold iphone cases by redwood and vine 


i hope you get a chance to check it out, and if you do, i hope you find something you love! i'd love to reconnect -- find me on facebook, twitter, and pinterest.







link  |

  
  |  
email this post | disclosure







share: 











monday, may 09, 2011



moving on



this post has been a long time coming, and is maybe the most difficult one i've ever written. after years of swimming in beauty products, and loving every minute of it, i'll no longer be posting in this space. it's not that i don't still love everything beauty, but my interests and passions have changed and expanded over the years -- which i think is totally normal, and one of the best things about living. over the past couple of years i've found myself wishing i could blog about cooking, or restaurants, or travel, or my new hobby -- diy projects and refinishing furniture (i know, i know...that's a huge departure from lip glosses!).

i've had an amazing time building beauty addict over the past few years; through the blog i've been able to experience some pretty surreal moments, most notably, the first time i stepped backstage at fashion week, and being featured in the new york times. i've had so much fun, learned something new every day, made a little money, and best of all, i've made some honest-to-goodness lifelong friends who i treasure.

from my heart of hearts, i thank all of you who've read, commented, reached out, and encouraged me over the years. the best part about this blog was always the interaction with readers and fellow beauty junkies!

so where do i go from here? well, many of you know that i've been living part-time in hawaii the past couple of years. right now, john and i are working with our landlord to fix up and manage a vacation rental home here in honolulu, and we're having an amazing time with the process.

we realized we had a unique opportunity to write about our experiences, from documenting our efforts to fix up the house and its furnishings, to sharing local restaurant reviews with our guests and tips on things to do in hawaii (some features on hawaiian beauty products are guaranteed to sneak their way in, too).

so we've attached a blog to the website for our vacation rental, which is still in progress -- right now we're waiting for the professional photos of the space, and then we'll be ready to start renting it out. in the meantime we've started to post some updates on our progress, and i have to admit, it feels really good to be blogging again.

i hope you'll check out our vacation rental website at hillside hideaway (and consider booking with us if you're ever planning a trip here).

and definitely check out the blog! things are just getting started, but i promise it'll be a fun collection of diy projects, decorating ideas, photos, restaurant reviews, recipes, tropical-style beauty features, and local tips.

as for beauty, i'm planning on keeping my original passion alive through twitter (@beauty_addict) and pinterest. i'll use twitter to share my likes and loves just like before, albeit in a shorter format. and if you're not yet familiar with pinterest, it's an online pinboard where you can document favorite products, ideas, photos and inspirations. kind of like a "favorites" folder on steroids. i love it, and have been using it to pin favorite things like clothes and accessories, recipes, home and diy inspirations, and lately, beauty products -- because even though i'm not blogging here anymore, i'll always be a beauty addict.

catch me on pinterest here. if you need an invite, email me at kristen@hawaiihillsidehideaway.com.

keep up with me on twitter here, at my original twitter handle.

again, a huge thank you to each and every one of you who read this blog and helped keep beauty addict fun and vibrant over the years. i hope to see many of you over on twitter or at the hillside hideaway blog!

lots of love and aloha,
kristen







link  |

  
  |  
email this post | disclosure







share: 











thursday, september 02, 2010



jillian dempsey for avon professional eye duo



this isn't such a great week for avon & me. first my hopes for the lotus shield were dashed, and now i'm disappointed by another product that sounded so good on paper and looked great in the tube.

jillian dempsey for avon professional eye duo is a great idea -- it combines a shimmery liquid shadow on one end with a coordinating liquid liner on the other. i tried it in white with jet black eyeliner.

but, for starters, the "white" liquid shadow isn't white; it's a pinkish champagne with white shimmer -- which is definitely better than straight-up white shadow, but then why not just call it champagne?

the shadow applies easily with a sponge doefoot applicator and dries quickly; however, it's not very pigmented and it's really pale--if you have a darker skin tone you might want to go with one of the other three shades. i do like the iridescent quality of it, though, and i may reach for it in the future as a highlighter.

the other end, the black liquid liner, was what really disappointed me. the formula is thin and a little watery, so once the first stroke starts to drag out, the liner loses its intensity and opacity. you might need to go in for another dip to finish the job. additionally, the brush is a little too soft. with liquid liners, a good brush is critical. if you're new to the medium, this isn't a great one to start with; the soft brush makes it too easy to make the line too thick or lose control of it. i'm a pretty experienced user of liquid liners and i was able to get a nice even line with this, but it's just not the best of the bunch. it also took upwards of 20 seconds to dry fully.

overall, it was okay, but i'd never buy it and can't really recommend it. another one i wanted to love but just couldn't. bummer!







link  |

  
  |  
email this post | disclosure



related:
avon,
eyes,
makeup




share: 














self-tanner review series: victoria's secret beach sexy gradual tan moisturizer spf15



i love a tanner with some spf. you can slather it on in the morning and go about your day knowing that not only are you protected from the sun, but you'll be tan by dinnertime!

victoria's secret beach sexy daily glow gradual tan moisturizer spf15 is the reincarnation of vs's last gradual tanner, bare bronze daily glow. that one was a favorite of mine for both scent and effectiveness, so i was curious to try the new version and see if anything had changed.

well, we know there's now spf 15 in it -- that's a plus. and the scent is the same (praise the beauty gods!). i love the smell of this tanner; it's beachy, tropical and coconutty, and it masks most of the dha smell without interfering with it and creating some hellish, putrid hybrid.

the one thing that disappoints me is that the potency has changed. it's now absolutely identical to bath & body works glow & steady in both texture and potency. this is not necessarily a bad thing on its own; glow & steady is one of my favorite gradual self tanners. the problem is that the original bare bronze came in two concentrations, and the medium/deep was nearly as powerful as a full strength tanner. this new beach sexy gets you tan, but not as quickly as the old one (it comes in only one concentration).

overall, though, a great pick! if you like glow & steady but not the scent, try this one instead. or if you're just looking for a great gradual self tanner that smells fabulous and protects you from the sun's rays, go for it!







link  |

  
  |  
email this post | disclosure



related:
gradual self tanners,
self tan,
sun,
victoria's secret




share: 














older post >>

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)




















subscribe to beauty addict via email 






contact   |   
about   |   
faq   |   
advertise   |   
rss













