







home - shorewood on the sound



























































































menumenuabout

historyphoto gallerycommunity map
events

easter egg huntstreets of garage salessalmon bakechristmas lights holiday walk
news

newsletters
forumsresources

local servicessecurityemergency preparednesspuget sound tidesadopt a parknotice to realtors / title companiesstore
contact usmember loginmember loginshorewood on the soundneighbors working together to maintain a comfortable, friendly and secure community 


 
welcome to shorewood on the sound
neighbors working together to maintain a comfortable, friendly and secure community

our community


shorewood on the sound is located in the northwest part of burien, washington, and has about 452 households within its boundaries. we are a well established club that has been active in the community for over 70 years. the by-laws governing our organization were first drafted shortly after the war, in 1946.
the properties include the shorewood community beach and beach easement, and the many neighborhood trails winding throughout our neighborhood and connecting to the trail system within the extensive surrounding natural areas, parks, and greenbelts.
* * * the beach stairs have been rebuilt! if the stairs are a challenge for you, you may still use the ramp to access the sots beach. 
annual membership meeting: november 2024, exact date tbd.
members: login to see details – (after logging in, scroll to annual neighborhood events on the home page, and press the “annual meeting” tile button under “private events“).
real estate agents/escrow companies: shorewood on the sound is a community club, not a homeowners association, and dues are voluntary.









 
 

 










created using the donation thermometer plugin https://wordpress.org/plugins/donation-thermometer/.486raised 268 towards the 486 target.268raised 268 towards the 486 target.55% 


we currently have 268 active members who have paid their dues.let’s turn up the heat on community participation!






 
 

 










created using the donation thermometer plugin https://wordpress.org/plugins/donation-thermometer/.486raised 268 towards the 486 target.268raised 268 towards the 486 target.55% 


we currently have 268 active members who have paid their dues.let’s turn up the heat on community participation!


shorewood on the sound is a community club that has been in existence for over 50 years. the dynamics of neighborhood, local and regional politics have always played a big role in our community.


annual neighborhood eventsa long tradition of community participation and comradery


christmas lights holiday walkdecember 19th, 2024 6:00pmeaster egg huntmarch 30, 2024salmon bakeaugust 10, 2024shorewood park clean upseptember 24, 2022streets of garage salesjune 1, 2024




view the latest newsletter





visit the archives
mailchimp email archive


shorewood on the sound living


enjoy the waft of salt water breezes. immerse yourself in the sights and sounds of the puget sound . . . all from the privacy of your very own community’s beach and boat ramp. explore shorewood’s winding trails connecting natural forested areas, parks, play spaces and greenbelts enveloped in northwest foliage surrounded by soaring pines. plus there is always the water ripples that glisten in the ever changing light of the day.



contact


p.o. box 47203 burien, wa 98146





president: marc  - email





info@shorewoodonthesound.org : realtors / title click here 


neighborhood map





 copyright © 2025 shorewood on the sound. all rights reserved.



website by touchtech systems, inc..



 









log in & pay now

let's turn up the heat on community participation!we currently have 268 of 486 active members who have paid their dues.
 




































