





arthur devany, phd | senior instructor, essay writer















arthur devany, phd








 arthur.devany@seattleu.edu
 (206) 220-8574
 building/room: rianna 110 


college of arts and sciences
english department
senior instructor, english








about
honors and awards





arthur devany is the creative director of the social equity investment project (seip) of the city of burlington and leading writer at one of the best essay writing services. seip received second place in the 2009 national city cultural diversity awards in washington d.c., for creating an effective program designed to improve and promote cultural diversity through a collaborative process with city officials, community leaders, and residents. the award-winning program is listed in the national database for best practices.
seip is a social development resource. its goal is to help the city of burlington address equity issues by cultivating leadership from all ethnic backgrounds in the community toward creating more opportunities and improving quality of life. seip attends meetings to provide insight and knowledge about the impact of diversity, and offers support to government, non-profits and schools on how to address cultural conflicts and diversity bias in hiring processes.
devany's current capacity-building venture is the chittenden demographic initiative (cdi): "a systematic approach to monitoring racial disparities."  cdi monitors racial, ethnic and national origin disparities in education, public safety, health, economic development and civic engagement. seip hopes to facilitate new opportunities to proactively address disparities that may occur along lines of race, ethnicity or national origin.


education

                          phd - university of nebraska-lincoln
                          ma - san diego state university
                      






                      2010 - inducted into the university of vermont (uvm) - alpha chapter of the pi gamma mu -  international honor society in social science
                      2006 - inducted into the concordia university, montreal, quebec, "women's basketball hall of fame."
                      2004 - graduate, snelling center for government, vermont leadership institute
                      neighborworks, dorothy richardson honoree new england district award
                      vermont heroes award, burlington city land trust (bclt) community service award
                      ymca, susan b. anthony award
                      martin luther king jr. award
                      st. michael's college, town community leadership award
                      1997 - united way speaker of the year
                      1997 - vermont network against domestic violence and sexual assault award








expertise areas


creative writing


term paper writing











