












flash games - java games




registerhomenewsdirectory
games
2xflash







help us translating in your favourite language!

pepere - flash games - java games






 a selection of the most innovative and interesting games that can be played with your internet browser on other websites.                the exclusive games created by the pepere.org team                        the games developed by the members of pepere.org. more and more talented games developers trust our platform to show their games to a large audience. since 2005, the pepere.org team is also using this platform to present its games.               

games...games...games...games...                                                                                                                                            

on pepere we are developing online games that can be played on your internet browser. we use flash, java and are opened to all upcoming technologies.

 since 2004, the «pepere spirit» has gathered a strong community of 44859 players and game developers. pepere is translated in many languages thanks to the contribution of all visitors and members. we thank all of you for your support to the «pepere project»!

 latest news 
submitted by jptranslated by jp 18 july 2023 flash is alive, pepere is alive!
     er.. well, as you know, flash is dead since the 1 jan 2021. and our dear pepere is a site games made with flash. but. for those. who still wants. to play the games. you can install the flashbrowser. what is this? it's an open source browser (based on chromium which is also open source), that uses the latest flash plugin released by adobe in 2020. as far as i can know, it's safe, at least on pepere games.happy holidays to all of you and see you very very soon for next update (in 10 years).   [submit a correction]


  if you like pepere, you can share it with your country fellows, by translating it in your favorite language. just click on the country flags to view the translation pages.  you develop flash games, java games, flash animation, shockwave games and you want to know what is the opinion of pepere.org visitors and members about your work? write to us. 


contact        
partners





