


jacqui blackman's art studio and painting galleries

























 

home
wax painting
oil painting
tole painting
pen and ink





welcome to my art studio and painting galleries,

			you will find oil painting demonstrations, pencil blending instruction, hints and tips on 

			pen and ink, also on tole and one-stroke painting.
the site is in the process of being up-dated.





painting techniques offers help to those wishing to try different media.  selecting different types of inks; 
		flower painting instruction using oils; blending coloured pencil using zest-it; 
pencil sketches; working with parchment; pen and ink; dip pen nibs and ink work.









the gouache page gives an introduction to gouache paint and how to use it. 
		details about gouache ink and the colours available. there is also a gouache painting techniques book available as a pdf download from j and t's art and calligraphy.











there are eight different galleries you can visit, covering the following media - watercolour, acrylic,

      pastel, oil, gouache, pen and ink,

      pencil and tole painting.  
		along side some paintings are descriptions of the paint and painting techniques used.













the products i've reviewed and recommended are ones i use myself, most are available at our zest-it.shop including zest-it oil paint dilutant and brush cleaner; ink; dip pen nibs; ruling pens; brushes; books. there are also links to artists websites.  












the pen and ink section of the site now offers information on automatic pens, what they are and how to use them. 
		a review of a range of excellent quality inks.   











which dip pen nib and what to look for when buying them, also a guide to ink and its use. we have a range of vintage and dip pen nibs at    www.dippennibs.co.uk




i hope you enjoy the site and thank you for visiting.















all artwork â© jacqui blackman







gallery of tole
developing
wax painting
tole gallery
watercolour gallery
about me


oil painting
wet on wet
cold wax
oil gallery

acrylic gallery
art links


pen and ink
mediums
wax additions

pencil gallery
pastel gallery
privacy


inking
fat over lean
waxes
dip pens

pen and ink gallery
testimonials


ink for pens
colour
blending
gouache

gouache gallery
 


blending c pencils
colour mixing
techniques
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
kindal


         home
 
contact


















home -  -   blending coloured pencils  

       


 



 

copyright 1994 â© jacqui blackman updated 2022.all rights reserved worldwide. the information contained herein is the intellectual property of jacqui blackmanand is supplied without liability for errors or omissions. no part may be reproduced or used except as authorised by contract or other written permission, unless stated otherwise. the copyright and the foregoing restriction on reproduction and use extend to all media in which the information may be embodied.all artwork â© jacqui blackman 1994

 






