


home - dexter area chamber of commerce

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to mailing listshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhomeabout  become a member chamber's mission  about our community chamber board of director ambassador program  contact us become a membermember resources sbam benefits  highlight application  business directoryevents  annual events  event calendar sponsorship opportunities business directory contact us









dexter area chamber of commerce








events


events
the dexter area chamber of commerce is proud to host a variety of exciting community events throughout the year. some of our popular events include:

dexter summer festival
music in the park
trick or treat
light up dexter
dexter ice fest
monthly social hours

join us for fun, connection, and celebration in dexter!

events 





join dexter area chamber of commerce


join dexter area chamber of commerce






why join the dexter area chamber of commerce?
we understand that every dollar counts, and you deserve clear value in exchange for your investment. here’s what you can expect as a member and why we believe it’s worth your time and resources.


our mission is simple: we are dedicated to supporting businesses of all sizes with the shared goal of fostering commerce and ensuring dexter remains a vibrant community where people can live, work, and thrive. 
 

we invite you to join us at one of our events and experience firsthand how the dexter area chamber of commerce can benefit your business and the community. 

become a member












about dexter


about dexter
welcome to dexter, michigan – a vibrant community in washtenaw county offering a perfect mix of rural charm and suburban convenience. located just outside ann arbor, dexter is an ideal place for both residents and businesses to thrive.


the town is known for its strong community spirit, with residents supporting local businesses and celebrating cultural diversity. the dexter chamber of commerce works to enhance economic growth, offering resources to entrepreneurs and professionals.


dexter is a prime location for business growth, with its accessible transportation routes and historic downtown full of unique shops and restaurants.


enjoy a balanced lifestyle with access to parks, trails, and local events like farmers’ markets and festivals. dexter is the perfect place to live, work, and grow.



about our community








dexter's mission


chamber's  mission
the dexter area chamber of commerce is proud to serve this vibrant community. our mission is to foster an environment where local businesses thrive. we achieve this by offering workshops, networking events, and community activities that provide businesses with opportunities to enhance their visibility and strengthen their presence in the community while ensuring dexter remains a premier place to live, work, and thrive.
become a member 



member highlight 


we’re excited to announce the launch of our member highlight video series! we will be featuring a different chamber member and showcasing their business monthly. 


if you’d like to have your business featured in an upcoming video, simply fill out the form below!

https://www.cognitoforms.com/dexterareachamberofcommerce/memberhighlightvideo

executive partnersdiamond executive partner platinum executive partner gold executive partner 




our mission





the dexter area chamber of commerce exists to support and connect companies, bringing together firms to build new relationships, share best practices and foster new opportunities for growth. we provide resources and information for businesses and sponsor events to connect the community with local businesses to increase visibility, understanding, and shared goals so all thrive. 












upcoming events
upcoming events






contact us directly
becky cobler,
president of dexter chamber
becky.cobler@gmail.com
734.325.4030
dexter area chamber of commerce
p.o. box 478
dexter, mi 48130












home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









