




official skinny cow® | low fat ice cream sandwiches & bars | icecream.com





































skip to main content
























the home of ice cream
















                    products
                



products submenu


main menu
products

all products



cones



sandwiches






                    our story
                





skinny cow homepage





































                                where to buy
                            












menu



















main content






















new look got
 everyone
 feeling like a
snack!





find us now





















your favorites got a glow-up




























vanilla gone wild!
a treat you’ve earned, no matter the feat. our classic velvety vanilla light ice cream sandwich.





























what the chocolate fudge!
chocolatey goodness has you feeling nothing but greatness. indulge in your favorite cone.





























chocolate & vanilla  double trouble!
creamy vanilla or indulgent chocolate? feel free to change on the daily. that's your power.
































i fell for vanilla caramel
this creamy and caramely cone does anything but slow you down. it’s the pick-me-up you crave.
































no sugar added  
vanilla gone wild!
no sugar added, no apologies. melt-in-your mouth creamy vanilla light ice cream sets you on your own pedestal.


























current obsession

vanilla gone wild!
we love everything about this creamy vanilla light ice cream sandwich. at only 150 calories, it’s the first thing that comes to mind when we think “treat yourself".





find it now












































get to know us
learn more about skinny cow





































1/2 the fat vs regular ice cream

the portion of light ice cream has ½ the fat than a similar portion of full-fat ice cream. it’s the break you crave without breaking your stride.






























no artificial flavors
our creamy and delicious treats are made with flavors from natural sources.


































no rbst used
our milk and cream are from cows not treated with the growth hormone rbst.
no significant difference has been shown between milk from rbst treated and non-rbst treated cows.





















follow us if you're about it



























meet us at the intersection of taste good and feel good.
@skinnycowus insta


















join us in our happy place, where dessert doesn't derail you from your goals.
@skinnycowus facebook




































twitter



facebook



instagram



pinterest










faq




privacy




accessibility




sitemap




terms & conditions




contact us








2024 dreyer’s grand ice cream, inc. and its licensors. all rights reserved.




















