













ywca seattle king snohomish empowering women













      skip to main content
    




















quick escape





search








who we aremission & visionhistoryleadershipcareerslocationscontact uswhat we doeconomic advancementhealth & safetyhousingfind servicesget involvedsupportmake a giftdonate itemsplanned givingpartnershipspersimmon clubgennextinspire luncheonsother ways to giveadvocatevolunteereventslatest newsblogsywcafiresteelgratitude report20242023202220212020201920182017newsroomannouncementsin the newspress kitpublicationsmedia & downloadsfind a programdonate today



search


menu toggle




search








find a programwho we aremission & visionhistoryleadershipcareerslocationscontact uswhat we doeconomic advancementhealth & safetyhousingfind a programget involvedsupportadvocatevolunteereventslatest newsblogsnewsroomgratitude reportmedia & downloads









breadcrumb


home













home








our mission

ywca is dedicated to eliminating racism, empowering women, and ensuring all people in our community have the opportunity to thrive.













find a program


issue (with depth)
housing-rental/utility assistance-supportive housing-permanent housing-emergency shelter-homeless services-childcarehealth & safety-legal services-dv advocacy-basic needs-counseling-health accesseconomic advancement-career centers-financial education-job training-youth development


focus population
adolescent/teeneslformerly incarceratedhomelessimmigrant/refugeekids under 5parent with kids under 18single adultsurvivor of dv/sexual assaultunemployedveteranwoman/female-identified


location served
east king countyking countyseattlesnohomish countysouth king county









a thriving community


ywca is on a mission to eliminate racism, empower women, stand up for social justice, help families, and strengthen communities.  get involved today.









 














take action
advocate
stay informed
register to vote







events





housing and homelessness advocacy day




march 14, 2025



start date
10:00 am

 - 

end date
4:00 pm


 
state capitol campus


join the washington low income housing alliance and advocate for housing rights, rent stabilization, affordable housing, and more at this year's housing and homelessness advocacy day (hhad)!






april virtual orientation for new volunteers




april 26, 2025



start date
10:30 am

 - 

end date
11:30 am


 
online


learn how to get started as a ywca volunteer.







ywca celebrates snohomish county




may 8, 2025



start date
4:00 pm

 - 

end date
6:00 pm


 
rosehill community center


join us at the rosehill community center in mukilteo to learn about the great work of our ywca in snohomish county. 






2025 ywca inspire luncheon




september 18, 2025



start date
12:00 pm

 - 

end date
1:00 pm


 
the westin seattle


save the date to join us for our annual inspire luncheon on thursday, september 18




view calendar








news






 





2025 legislative priorities and public policy framework



february 13, 2025
blog post

ywca seattle | king | snohomish reaffirms its commitment to sustainable policy solutions that advance fairness and justice. our 2025 legislative priorities reflect state and federal advocacy efforts that strengthen communities and promote lasting change. 








 





black history month resources



february 4, 2025
blog post

since 1970, black history month has been celebrated across the u.s., but it wasn’t always a month-long observance of the achievements and history of black americans. learn more about its background and how you can extend your activism through this month and beyond.









ceo message: how ywca is responding





february 3, 2025
announcement

we will continue to serve and to build – just as we have for over 130 years.









point-in-time count participants in snohomish county met with goodie bags, resource flyers






january 24, 2025

news

the annual point-in-time (pit) count provides a snapshot of homelessness in snohomish county, and it determines how funding and other types of assistance are directed to the area. learn more about this year's point in time count, hear from ywca resource navigators matt lawrence and ali hawach, and learn why places like ywca’s pathways for women emergency shelter (the only emergency shelter in south snohomish county) are needed now more than ever.








 





women of the civil rights movement



january 17, 2025
blog post

in recognition of the upcoming 2025 martin luther king, jr. day, here’s a list of media resources that shine a light on the critical (and often overlooked) role of bipoc women in the civil rights movement. 









the newsfeed: snohomish county ywca shelter sees uptick in need






december 27, 2024

news

ywca's pathways for women has provided temporary housing and other aid for women and children for 20 years, but rising costs are straining its resources. hear from kresha green, ywca's regional director of housing services, as she discusses how the lack of affordable housing and rising food costs in the last 20 years have exacerbated the community's needs, and what people can do to help.





more from our blogs

















image
 





















get emails with impact
sign up



join our community






ywca seattle | king | snohomish
1118 fifth ave, seattle, wa 98101



footer menu


careers


contact us


financials


donor bill of rights


help center


privacy statement


newsroom


staff services









ywca is supported by united way of king county and united way of snohomish county
©2022 ywca seattle | king | snohomish

















utility panel



user account menu


log in










