


statmasters!

















        account settingsif you've already signed up for one of our classic or premium membership plans... or if you've established an event, tournament or league...  sign in here to enter the captain area to manage your member list or competitor list, to change competition settings, handicap settings, account settings and to establish the tee time schedule. web site questionsyou've got questions about this web site.  we've got the answers.  we'll explain memberships, how we handle score card submissions, the online course library, passwords and even how the online tee time reservation system works.if you're already authorized to make score card submissions or are a group captain, there are detailed step-by-step instructions for accomplishing every conceivable task to manage your group, league or event online. contact usclick here to send us a message or request a password reminder.  or, visit our suggestion box. charts & score cardshere is where we keep the score card summaries, handicap histories and the dozens of charts for all classic and premium members.  the is also where the private bulletin boards and message boards are kept. leaderboardsthis is also the place to view the leaderboards for all of our single-day events, multi-day tournaments and scheduled leagues. golf questionsyou've got questions about your game.  we've got the answers.  in this area you can find essays on the origins of golf, club lofts and distances, gps, traditional club names, how to use handicaps in competition, and more. course librarythere are 30,000 golf courses in our library.  you can perform global or limited searches to see if we've got your favorites already.  or enter them, if they're not. for tournaments & eventsclick here to learn how we can help you with your single-day event or multi-day tournament. for tour operatorsclick here to learn how we can help you manage your tour, be it local or composed of multiple chapters spread across the continent. golf calculatorsplaying against your friends tomorrow?  use our handy online calculators and converters to compute the real number of strokes each competitor should get.  we've even got an online callaway handicap calculator. golf biorhythmare you at your physical and mental best?  what about your competitors?  find out their secrets with our trusty online biorhythm computer. golf dictionarythis is home to the most extensive online golf dictionary and glossary in the world!  our lexicon dwarfs anything else you can find on the internet.  learn to speak like the pros.  there are currently 1463 definitions, with 191 of them illustrated.  more are added monthly and you can even make requests! swing weightmaking a set of your own clubs?  or perhaps you're simply wondering why a particular one doesn't feel right...  all you need is a postal scale and a ruler.  our online swing weight machine will do the rest!



