






aapak - auto a/c, auto parts, auto parts store






























































jump to content






  local fleet | commercial | heavy duty | auto a/c   
















  mon-fri: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm | sat-sun: closed  mon-fri: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm | sat-sun: closed 




















  (602) 254-1116  (602) 254-1116 













≡




homeservicesour teamour partnersdownloadscontact













  local fleet commercial heavy duty & auto a/c parts warehouse  learn more 













  local fleet commercial heavy duty & auto a/c parts warehouse  learn more 




























 phoenix auto a/c, auto parts, auto parts store why aapak? because our people make the difference!  our experts solve problems our staff are not just your average parts countermen, they are experienced automotive air conditioning parts technicians. if you can't figure out the problem no matter how many parts you throw at it, come in or give us a call. odds are we have seen it before. to us, serving the customer is our top priority. older parts can be hard to find. some are discontinued and no longer listed in online catalogs. we can help. over the years we have compiled a vast knowledge base of light & heavy-duty components. our technicians identify parts every day. it's what we do. bring the part in, text or email a picture, whatever it takes we make it easy at aapak. call now 602-254-1116          get service now         refrigerant 609 certification united states clean air act effective 1/1/2018 certification is required to purchase certain refrigerants. the fastest way to obtain a section 609 certification is to take the online test. purchase of any r-12, r134a or r1234yf cylinders require certification. r134a and r1234yf 8oz cans are still available for purchase without 609 certifications. r-12, r134a, or r1234yf. we have what you need. not certified to purchase refrigerant? click on the link below and get your 609 certifications.  refrigerant 609 certification united states clean air act effective 1/1/2018 certification is required to purchase certain refrigerants. the fastest way to obtain a section 609 certification is to take the online test. purchase of any r-12, r134a or r1234yf cylinders require certification. r134a and r1234yf 8oz cans are still available for purchase without 609 certifications. r-12, r134a, or r1234yf. we have what you need. not certified to purchase refrigerant? click on the link below and get your 609 certifications.              get service now     heavy duty fleets, fire, refuse, construction, agriculture, mining, military we are direct with many of the heavy-duty parts suppliers in the a/c industry and we actually stock the products. red dot, bergstrom, rev, transair, valeo, mobile climate control, and northern, just to name a few. having access to so many manufacturers makes obtaining technical support, vehicle schematics, and scheduling brainstorming sessions for custom solutions much easier. we work closely with our manufacturers to help determine the right solution. we will even send a mobile technician to your location and install your unit. we know the importance of keeping your vehicles on the road, not in the shop waiting for parts to arrive. at your convenience, a trained parts expert will come to your location, walk your fleet, and quickly revise our stocking levels to meet your needs. we really do make it an easy decision to do business with aapak. call today 602-254-1116.  heavy duty fleets, fire, refuse, construction, agriculture, mining, military we are direct with many of the heavy-duty parts suppliers in the a/c industry and we actually stock the products. red dot, bergstrom, rev, transair, valeo, mobile climate control, and northern, just to name a few. having access to so many manufacturers makes obtaining technical support, vehicle schematics, and scheduling brainstorming sessions for custom solutions much easier. we work closely with our manufacturers to help determine the right solution. we will even send a mobile technician to your location and install your unit. we know the importance of keeping your vehicles on the road, not in the shop waiting for parts to arrive. at your convenience, a trained parts expert will come to your location, walk your fleet, and quickly revise our stocking levels to meet your needs. we really do make it an easy decision to do business with aapak. call today 602-254-1116.          get service now         we have you covered whether you need a new auto a/c replacement kit, a/c for your classic car, or just help troubleshoot a problem, we are here to help. we carry just about anything you would need for your a/c. with a large number of manufacturers at our disposal, if it is not in stock we can get it. call today 602-254-1116.  we have you covered whether you need a new auto a/c replacement kit, a/c for your classic car, or just help troubleshoot a problem, we are here to help. we carry just about anything you would need for your a/c. with a large number of manufacturers at our disposal, if it is not in stock we can get it. call today 602-254-1116.          on-site repair shop need a simple repair? we have an auto parts repair shop on site to offer additional cost savings. custom hose building, compressor reseals, radiator & condenser repair, even clutch bearing and head swaps. do you make your own hoses? we carry goodyear, ez clip, quick connect, manuli and we stock a large variety of fittings, clips, and o-rings. everything you need to do the job right. we even make custom fittings in our on-site parts shop. not sure if your part can be repaired? call today 602-254-1116.      get service now     on-site repair shop need a simple repair? we have an auto parts repair shop on site to offer additional cost savings. custom hose building, compressor reseals, radiator & condenser repair, even clutch bearing and head swaps. do you make your own hoses? we carry goodyear, ez clip, quick connect, manuli and we stock a large variety of fittings, clips, and o-rings. everything you need to do the job right. we even make custom fittings in our on-site parts shop. not sure if your part can be repaired? call today 602-254-1116.      get service now             community focused aapak is a proud supporter of local charitable organizations with yearly toy drives, raffle donations, and sponsorships. we love to give back to the community that has supported us all these years.  community focused aapak is a proud supporter of local charitable organizations with yearly toy drives, raffle donations, and sponsorships. we love to give back to the community that has supported us all these years.          get service now     




















  1426 n 27th lane, phoenix 85009 









   













  home | services | our team | contact phoenix website design by citruskiwi 












© 2019-2025 aapak | all rights reserved







