

alps travel pictures - the swiss and austrian alps


















the swiss and austrian alps



this site is a photo gallery, containing many photos of mountains in switzerland and austria.
it contains pictures of - among others - the areas of tirol, bettmeralp and riederalp, lauterbrunnen, wilderswil and grindelwald (eiger, mönch (or monch) and jungfrau!) and samedan.
this site looks much better in a browser that supports frames.
you can view all the images anyway using this old version of this site.
ok, back to the subject: pictures of mountains in switzerland and austria.
other language versions: alpenfoto's - de zwitserse en oostenrijkse alpen, alpenbilder - die schweizer und österreichischen alpen. to do (maybe): les alpes. not to be made: los alpes.




the following links take you to pages with photos of the greatest landscapes in austria


rettenbachferner spaltentour (guided glacier tour)yes, we took the famous tour on this glacier, which is close to sölden in the ötztal arena, austrian alps!
waterfall of krimml (krimmler wasserfälle, wasserfaelle, wasserfalle).near krimml, zell am see and kaprun, salzburger land, austrian alps.


kaprun, zell am see and kitzsteinhorn.near zell am see and kaprun, salzburger land, austria.


the following links take you to pages with pictures of the greatest landscapes in switzerland

the mountains eiger, mönch (moench, monch) and jungfrauthree very famous mountains near lauterbrunnen and grindelwald, berner oberland, switzerland
aletschgletscher (aletsch glacier)a glacier in the swiss alps (kanton valais), starting at one of swiss most famous mountains, the jungfrau. photos taken in the area of bettmeralp and riederalp


the oberberghorn mountain seen from schynige plattenear lauterbrunnen, grindelwald and wilderswil, kanton berner oberland, in the swiss alps.
piz corvatsch, fuorcla surlej and the roseggtal (rosegg valley)near pontresina, samedan, sankt moritz and the mountain piz bernina, engadin


morteratschgletscher (morteratsch glacier)a glacier, close to the town samedan in the swiss alps (kanton graubünden)
piz palü (palue, palu) seen from diavolezzaagain near pontresina, samedan, sankt moritz and the mountain piz bernina, engadin


lötschen valley (lötschental).near susten, visp, leuk and leukerbad, wallis (valais), swiss alps.
the längfluh glacierlocated in the saastal (saas valley) near saas fee and saas grund, wallis (valais).


and finally, some animals that live in the austrian and swiss alps...


murmeltiere (mountain marmots), swiss alpscheck these out! these animals live in the mountains, where they are a real tourist attraction...
ibexes (s. ibex)it was very easy to approach them, which resulted in these images.


birds that live in the mountains (alps)only a few photos from the swiss and austrian alps so far...


the total solar eclipse of august 11 1999


the total solar eclipse of august 11 1999, from francetotal solar eclipse of 1999i went to northern france to see this!








switzerland
berner oberland
lauterbrunnen, grindelwald: eiger, mönch, jungfrau
brig, fiesch, jungfrau, bettmeralp, riederalp: aletsch glacier
lauterbrunnen, grindelwald: oberberghorn, schynige platte
engadin
pontresina, samedan, sankt moritz, piz bernina: piz corvatsch
pontresina, samedan, sankt moritz, piz bernina: morteratsch glacier
pontresina, samedan, sankt moritz, piz bernina: diavolezza
wallis (valais)
susten, visp, leuk, leukerbad: lötschen valley (lotschen valley) (lötschental, lotschental or loetschental)
saas fee, saas grund (saastal): längfluh glacier
austria
tirol
solden (soelden), otztal arena (oetztal arena): rettenbachferner glacier tour
salzburger land
krimml, zell am see, kaprun: krimml waterfall
zell am see, kaprun: zell am see, kaprun, kitzsteinhorn
animals
murmeltiere - mountain marmots
ibexes
birds



about this site - sign my guestbook

submit your own photos to add your photos: mountains and glaciers!


find this page on switzerland on anserox.



this page about switzerland and austria (specy's travel pictures - the swiss and austrian alps) is maintained by hans van zutphen.
for reactions, comments or suggestions, mail to
hans.van.zutphen@home.nl.







