


airdrome aeroplanes ~ holden, mo


































fokker d-vii {80% scale}fokker dr-1 {full scale}fokker dr-i {3/4 scale}fokker e-iii {3/4 scale}fokker d-viii {3/4 scale}fokker d-vi {3/4 scale}1914 tabue {3/4 scale} 














morane saulnier {3/4 scale}nieuport 16 {full scale}nieuport 17 {full scale}nieuport 17 bis {full scale}nieuport 23 {full scale}nieuport 24 {full scale}nieuport 24 bis {full scale}nieuport 25 {full scale}nieuport 27 {full scale}nieuport 28 {full scale}
sopwith pup {full scale}
sopwith camel {full scale}













bleriot xithe dream classicthe dream fantasy the dream classic {strut braced}













media pagejon johansondistributor listphoto galleriesfaqcontact usorder formvideo informationbuilder's reportsservice bulletinsconstruction photosairdrome chat groupheavy duty wheelsavation linksfor salescreen saverstorque master engine  reduction drive



 
  






newly added:


airdrome aeroplanes promotional video project from chris gerlach on vimeo.


download the airdrome brochure


download the airdrome datasheet - click on each picture



new 7/8 dr-1 kit ~ click the picture above to view facebook photo gallery
flight video is live on the media page!

 




video interview with robert at sun-n-funmorane saulnier l

 


 sopwith pup kit in full scale - airdrome aeroplanes aircraft segment from chris gerlach on vimeo.
 


another first flight - visit the media page for more


download the airdrome datasheet

two place sopwith schneider
download the data sheet

two place sopwith tabloid
download the data sheet


two place sopwith baby
download the data sheet



new airplane ~ spirit of st. louis premieres at oshkosh
we are also now on facebook... like us at: https://www.facebook.com/airdromeaeroplanes


successfully first flight!photo gallery of john crisp's 3/4 dr-1 on facebook
click here: flight report and video



michael kindon's d-vii - 80% first flight


airdrome aeroplanes aircraft segment - nieuport 28 from chris gerlach on vimeo.




new photo gallery of n-28 at dayton 2011
download the data sheet

video: amazing bleriot video of pascal kremer cross channel flight
article: replica dh-2: modern military magnet
photos & flight report: sopwith camel
photos of the bleriot wing warper
bleriot data sheet - full size
bleriot data sheet - 3/4 size

photos of butch whitlock's fokker d-vii
photos and flight report of blake thomas's n28
photos of pascal's bleriot
bleriot data sheet - full size
bleriot data sheet - 3/4 size

flight report ~ comparisons by harvey cleveland




the sopwith camel
sopwith camel data sheet










the airco dh 2


the 3/4 scale fokker d-vi videos

scott spangler article(click here to read the artilce!)
full scale sopwith pup page
video from oshkosh has been added to the pup page!head to the forums to discuss: click hereairdrome video on youtube.we have posted the www.airdromeaeroplanes.com videos on youtube.click here to watch!
scott nichols eindecker(congratulations on your first flight!)
bleriot xi monoplane
bleriot data sheet - full size
bleriot data sheet - 3/4 size

airdrome para-cycle(more details to come!)
congratulations gwen on your first flight!gwen de lucero's d-viii razor flight report.photo gallery picturesmore photos from gwen's d-viii

morane saulnier data sheet

dick starks morane photo gallery... click here!
flight reports and new photo galleries - new on the website - click on the links below to read!
john b. hyde's fokker d-vii flight report.gwen de lucero's d-viii razor flight report.ron glover's e-iii eindecker flight report.travis gier's 3/4 scale fokker dr-1 triplane flight report.dick stark's morane flight report.
now you can build and fly your own piece of aviation history. and, at a price less than what you'd pay for a used car. (and, not a used bmw either.) airdrome aeroplane's kits of some of the most famous planes used in wwi will have you in the air in a fraction of the time needed to build other wwi replica aircraft. no hunting for parts or waiting for shipments.
airdrome aeroplane's kits are complete. all nut, bolts, rivets, gusset plates, machined plugs, tubing and any other hardware are included in the kits. you also get a photo cd and a dvd or vhs building video. if you really want to "hit-the-ground-running", ask about arranging a "builder's assist" session with robert at this plant. after two days, you'll have a fuselage sitting on the gear. after 4 days you will have a complete airframe. for more information - just give us a call - 816-230-8585.


wally tennyson's full scale dr-1
 

n28 performs a low pass 

jon johanson (fai gold award{holder of over 50 world records})flew the n-28 to oshkoshwhere it could be viewed atthe flyboys booth.click here to read about the flight.flyboys movie set photos andmovie insignia's have been postedin the photo galleriesfyboys trailers - homepage andnew video of the n28 has been postedon the new media page





airdrome aeroplanes news
airdrome aeroplanes is pround to announce... we are now offering rotec radial engines, including motor mounts for all of our aircraft that can be equipped with this amazing engine. click here for a photo gallery.more new videos - a new video featuring a collage of robert's plane (set to music) have been added. click here for a high speed version and here for a dial-up version. we have also added  3/4 scale dr-1 triplane,  80% fokker d-vii, nieuport 24, and dream classic... we also have  a full scale nieuport 28 that will be fitted with the rotec 9 cylinder radial. click here to see pictures... four planes in 52 days!!robert and his merry crew built these four full-scale nieuport 17s from start to finish in only 52 days. they're heading over-seas to star in a movie about the lafayette escadrille. look for the article about them in the kitplanes magazine august 2005 issue - in bookstores now.read two articles on www.landings.comflyboys director speaks, new movie features ww-1 fighters
welcome to airdrome airplanes featuring our 75% and full-scale scale flying replica kits. our aircraft cover a wide range of historical aviation. from the most recognized aircraft flown in world war one, the scarlet red fokker dr-1 triplane flown by the red baron, manfred von richthofen, to the most technologically advanced aircraft to come from the great war effort, the fokker d-viii parasol (aka the flying razor). also available is the fokker e-iii, eindecker the first plane to mount a synchronized machine gun and the fokker d-vi, the precursor of the fokker d-vii, probably the best performing aircraft used in the war by the german war machine. airdrome airplanes full scale offerings are the nieuport 24, nieuport 17 and the fokker triplane. check out our 80% scale fokker d-vii. 





fokker dr-1 triplane 
dr-1 data sheet 3/4 scale
dr-1 data sheet full scale
fokker e-iii eindecker 
eindecker data sheet
nieuport 24 
nieuport 17 
the dream classic
strut braced dream classic
 

fokker d-viii flying razor 
 
 
fokker d-vi 
d-vi data sheet
fokker d-vii 
d-vii data sheet
the dream fantasy 
1914 taube
 now offering rotec radial engines   
also available from airdrome aeroplanes is the dream fantasy and fully, faa part 103, legal dream classic ultralight. 
in the pages of this web site you can find out how you can build and fly your own piece of aviation history in less than 400 hours. no special tools or skills are needed to construct your own personal fighter. full kits are available with all machined and welded parts supplied with the kit. construction videos are also available and airdrome airplanes offers excellent builder support.(click on any photo to get aircraft details)
  
  
click the images below to enlarge. 







© 20010-2011 airdrome aeroplanes ~ 929 nw road 1571, holden, mo 64040 ~ 816-230-8585

