
      pasadena federal credit union | ca auto & home loan | credit card
    







homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.  supporting our community
pasadena fcu is deeply committed to helping our members, communities, and staff impacted by the eaton fire. for assistance, visit our latest announcements page for the most recent updates, announcements, and other important information.  got it, thanks!  pasadena federal credit union  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

accounts


savings accounts

checking accounts

youth accounts

money market accounts

iras

certificates

savings & checking rates

certificate & ira rates



loans


credit cards


credit cards

mastercard at pfcu

access my credit card info

credit card rates



vehicle loans


auto & motorcycle loans

recreational vehicle loans

vehicle loan rates

auto-buying service

guaranteed asset protection (gap)

mechanical breakdown protection (mbp)

carfax member discount



signature loans


signature loans & lines of credit

signature loan rates

share secured loans



home loans


home equity loans & lines

mortgage loans





services


digital services


online banking

mobile app

glia remote support

telephone teller

direct deposit & payroll deduction

estatements

zelle



insurance & planning


retirement & investment services

trust & estate planning

trustage insurance





resources


news


latest announcements

merger updates

newsletters & updates

annual reports



community


community outreach

juntos avanzamos



self service


financial education center

forms & disclosures

calculators

insured deposits

safety and security

teaching kids about money





about


how to join

locations & hours

holiday schedule

our history & mission

careers

contact us



español

 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchpasadena federal credit union   explore our journey and community on billboard news
our ceo, james chang, recently shared heartfelt insights with billboard news about the impact of the eaton canyon fire and how we’re supporting our community through this difficult time.
 
watch this video to see the meaningful ways we’re making a difference together. check out our latest announcements.    achieve your goals with your home equity. rates as low as 7.50% apr*

leverage your home equity and use our home equity line of credit for major expenditures you have now, or in the future.
 
the perfect way to manage cash, consolidate higher-rate debt, or finance home improvements is one click away.

*apr = annual percentage rate. terms and conditions apply. learn more    unlock your next adventure with vehicle loan rates as low as 5.25% apr*

ready to hit the road in a new car? with some of the lowest vehicle loan rates around, you can walk into any dealership with confidence. as your credit union, we’ve got your back every step of the way!
*apr = annual percentage rate. terms and conditions apply. learn more by clicking here.
 play main slider/pause main slider voted "san gabriel valley's favorite"
pasadena fcu has been voted san gabriel valley’s favorite local credit union in 2024 for the fifth consecutive year by the community and readers of pasadena star news, san gabriel tribune, and la daily news. become a member today!
para español, haga clic aquí.    
join us today!
you can apply in minutes to become a member using our online application. let us help you save more money and enjoy financial peace of mind.
join today  
news
our ceo, james chang, is featured in pasadena now with the inspiring article 'banking on diversity: how this local credit union is rewriting community finance.' 
read now  

digital services
find information regarding our online services such as online banking, estatement enrollment, zelle® , and more!
learn more
  
checking accounts
our convenience checking makes banking simple and easy. you can also earn higher dividends with our advantage checking on higher balances.
view checking  
locations & hours
pasadena fcu now has more branches to serve you!
find a branch or atm nearest you based on your location. our extensive co-op network has 5,600+ shared branches and 30,000+ atms.
find us  
credit cards
zero balance transfer fees. zero cash advance fees.
with fixed rates as low as 10.99% apr.
go to credit cards     rates lower than most in the area.

renovating, landscaping or just in need of a line of credit for unexpected expenses, we can help. enjoy rates as low as 7.50% apr*.
view our helocs     start on the path to greater financial control.
we believe trusted guidance gives you the power to improve your finances and your life. access interactive learning modules on important topics and share knowledge with loved ones.
view financial education    create a road map to help you achieve your retirement goals.
schedule a complimentary one-on-one consultation with our financial advisor today. we offer 529 savings, retirement income plans and investment services.
view financial planning & management    we have the tools to help your younger members financially.
good saving habits start at a young age. pasadena fcu is ready to walk alongside them in their financial journey.
view youth accounts play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  mastercard credit
our mastercard platinum credit cards offer competitive fixed rates, lower monthly payments and no annual fees. enjoy outstanding benefits and access to unique experiences.   mastercard platinum preferred  a fixed-rate card with no annual fee, no cash advance fee and no balance transfer fee. rates as low as 10.99% apr.
learn more   mastercard platinum rewards  a fixed-rate card with no annual fee, no cash advance fee and no balance transfer fee. earn valuable rewards points on all your card purchases and redeem them for cash, gift cards, and travel. rates as low as 12.99% apr.
learn more       stay in touch  be the first to know when we introduce new products and services to better serve our members! sign up for the latest updates. sign up close newsletter signup   subscribe. 
leave me blank for email collection.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thanks for signing up!  got itback to the toppasadena federal credit union 

facebook

instagram

linkedin

get cobrowsing code

pasadena fcu


aba routing #322280728

800.445.pfcu (7328)

626.441.4732 fax

pfcu@pfcu.org



mailing address


po box 7132

pasadena, ca 91109-7132



overnight address


100 w walnut st., 8th fl., 

pasadena, ca 91124



legal


privacy policy

nmls consumer access



rates


savings & checking rates

certificate & ira rates

vehicle loan rates

credit card rates

signature loan rates

home equity loan rates



quick links


contact us

locations & hours

how to join

apply for a loan

careers

forms & disclosures





sitemap

©  pasadena federal credit unionncuaequal housing lendercreated by jack henry digital 

 



