






velkin | talent solutions










































 










954.874.6026
info@velkin.com



facebook




twitter




instagram


  





facebook




twitter




instagram




0 items
  
 
 










home
career services
corporate services
about us
job openings
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 












leader in professional and executive talent solutions for over 25 years
a boutique firm offering tailored solutions in talent sourcing, acquisition and career development across all functional levels and specialties.
learn morecontact us






 




talent consultants
velkin talent consultants are committed to our corporate clients human capital requirements and objectives placing us in the category of partner and consultant. we offer:
 

talent sourcing and acquisition
talent evaluation services
temporary/project based staffing
payroll services



 

corporate hiring
 

placement turn around

99%
99%


candidate retention

100%
100%


profile accuracy

97%
97%


 
 
 
 



careers impacted
 




 


talent managers
velkin talent managers have an unconditional concern in providing development opportunities for:
 

career coaching
professional development strategies
resume building



 
 
 



velkin focuses on its clients, their goals and the industries in which they operate, creating long lasting successful synergies.
 
velkin became an extension of my human resources team. i highly recommend velkin to any organization looking for a trustworthy partner to achieve excellent results.karinna rojasglobal head siemens excellence programs karinna was a client of velkin while at lexmark international, inc.christine is a true professional and an exceptional recruiter. velkin’s team is consistent in providing clients over the top customer service and results. without question experts in their field.janet (jj) mansohr janet hired velkin for career coachingas recruiters velkin is top notch-detail oriented, personable, and incredibly knowledgeable. it was through their expertise i was able to land a dream position with an extraordinary company. donna marie hired velkin for career coachingdonna marie baptistedirector + producer of art, film, performance projects & high-profile events.over the past several years, we have partnered with velkin for our recruiting services, and not only have they provided top candidates, but she is knowledgeable about our business, our managers, and our strategy. she has become an extension of our human resources team.bill martinhr leader - striving to serve others bill was a client of velkin while at lexmark international, inc.i contracted with velkin to help execute one of bmw’s most important sponsorships: art basel miami beach. for 4 years running, velkin was absolutely instrumental in seeing that bmw’s activation at art basel was flawless. an invaluable resource that i would recommend to anyone. kay was a client of velkin while at bmw nakay madatiglobal vp & head of content partnerships at twitteri just wanted to say thank you for all of your amazing support through this process. i’ve dealt with recruiting companies before and velkin’s service truly outweighs all of the experiences i’ve had. from the moment of first contact, velkin’s team has been thorough, transparent and best of all, knowledgeable in your field.cynthia m. perez executive assistantlyudmila velasquez followed my professional career for more than 10 years, and found the right fit for me when it was the right time. i will always be grateful for her commitment and professional support throughout these years. i finally found the right position for me.giselle fiumararegional marketing manager, the estee lauder companieslizzie walsh is a true talent acquisition partner who is able to understand and support the evolution of an organization in a dynamic industry, specific needs per function and strategic vision. talent provided by velkin has been phenomenal and we value their feedback and partnership to not only find great talent, but to grow together!mara irizarry, mshrmhr lead latin america at amcor rigid plastics
 
 
 
 




let's keep in touch!

we promise to send you only information that will help you.
we take privacy very seriously and ask that you opt-in by confirming your subscription, so look for an email confirmation from us and add us tour you inbox and address book.
thank you,
the velkin team.






thank you for subscribing!



first name



last name



email





subscribe










 
 
  
  
 
 







facebook




twitter




instagram


© copyright 2018 | velkin | produced by alternabit   

 
 
 


































