



  






east village hats



























































☰





						east village hats
					


cart





gift certificates




virtual tour




bridal




shop men




classes




our story




calendar




shop women




gallery




sizing




contact











							
								east village hats
							
						


hatworks and millinery








contemporary design, vintage inspiration, traditional technique



















































































































a milliner's talejulia emily knox is an english milliner, trained in new york, who heads up a small team of milliners at east village hats, where they hand craft the hats on the premises, using traditional tools, methods and materials. julia was trained as a milliner at fit and joined barbara feinman millinery in 2012, taking over the business when it moved to its current location in 2016.style & qualityin the store workshop, surrounded by an incredible selection of felts, straws and trims, the work is done on a sewing machine which dates back to the industrial revolution. the block collection, on which the hats are molded, has been built over a period of 25 years and includes blocks from more than a century ago, as well as from every decade since. julia continues to grow the selection, adding blocks of her own design."sometimes a lady is in need of a hat.and this classic millinery shop located in the heart of the east village is my go to spot when i in fact do need a hat!… i always feel like i've stepped into a different century when i go to visit. and i feel like more than a lady when i place her unique masterpieces on my little head." kate p, yelp review













100% handmadestyles are available off-the rack and custom-made.  years of experience make the team experts at finding the perfect hat for each and every person who walks through the door. their clientele has always been made up of those who value quality and craftsmanship.  drawn by a reputation which has spread by word of mouth, their customer comes seeking unique, authentic pieces to elevate their wardrobe to the next level. a high value is placed on functionality and versatility, each hat designed to be an expression of who its wearer is, or aspires to be. introducing emerging designersin addition to the hats made on site, the selection is completed with work by emerging designers:  maor zabar, marine & deerfield, two foxes, tierre taylor, firsthand by denise arellano and laura catignani millinery. complementing the hats, you'll find vintage hat pins and glamorous travel cases.locally owned and runestablished in 1998, barbara feinman millinery became east village hats in 2016. east village hats, with julia knox at the helm, is carrying on a valued tradition of local independent business in a world where this is ever more rare.sharing skills and experienceeast village hats offers workshops aimed at sharing hat making skills with the community. the classes are taught for all levels, absolute beginners can take introduction courses while more experienced craftsmen and milliners will find all kinds of skill building workshops by a variety of teachers. you can find the selection of classes here and dates on our calendar page.restoration, reblocking and retrimmingeast village hats also offers reshaping and reblocking of vintage hats and old favorites as well as restoration and retrimming. bring your hats in for a quote. stretching and reshaping can usually be done while you wait. 











located at 80 e 7th st, east village, nyc 10003























































sustainablity and accessablity




faq




shipping & returns




repairs and restorations




hat care




millinery resources










