

cody legacy inn and suites






















cody legacy inn 
features a theme that pays tribute to the history of the area while offering all the modern amenities to comfort the weary traveler.















guest rooms 
family suites 
amenities
rates & reservations
map
area attractions
privacy policy



resources:



cody legacy inn
as one of cody's newest lodging options, the cody legacy inn features a theme
  that pays tribute to the history of the area while offering all the modern
  amenities to comfort the weary traveler.
guests may browse through the beautiful two story lobby surrounded by historical
  photos and stories of cody's founding fathers, memorable characters and events.
  
before heading out to  explore nearby attractions, guests can get a quick start at our coffee  bar.  our coffee bar includes 2 types of coffee, a variety of flavored  creamers, and a large selection of hot teas and hot chocolate.  coffee, tea and hot chocolate are available  while the lobby is open. (breakfast is not provided)


upon retiring for the evening, guests will find the rooms large
  and thoughtfully well appointed; featuring beautifully crafted lodge-pole pine
  furniture and comfortable euro-top mattresses.
the cody legacy inn is the ideal place to host your next group
  event, family vacation or weekend getaway. our facility hosts four guest buildings with a variety of room types.
 we are here 
to help you arrange the best
  possible stay in historic cody wyoming. 


 
 
1801 mountain view drive
cody, wyoming 82414
  (307) 587-6472
cody is located 50 miles from the east entrance to yellowstone national park. 
click here to view driving directions to cody legacy inn.
 
photography by national award winning  photographer - mark harlow
    cody legacy inn & suites                1801 mountain view drive, cody, wy 82414 codylegacyinn@gmail.com  reservations call: 307-587-6472        buffalo bill's antler's inn                1213 17th street cody, wy 82414 antlersinncody@gmail.com  reservations call: 307-587-2084       



