






























    custom t-shirts | wilmington, nc | custom embroidery | screen printing
  

 












            


 


 


 
    




call us today to learn more about our products -

910-794-9243


   
richardson cap & pacific headwear authorized dealer


       home


  screen printing


  custom embroidery

   gallery




  promotional items


  contact us

   get a quote












       
 





         

get a quote




   
 custom apparel is what we do best!


 
  

gallery photos




   
call us today to learn more about our products   

call us




   

 
 
screen printing
 custom screen printing is what we do best. we can print anything from t-shirts, sweatshirts, and collared shirts to bags, towels, outerwear, and more.  
  

screen printing info




   
 
custom embroidery 
 
add a personal touch with custom embroidery. we can embroider your team logo or company name to just about anything you want.    

custom embroidery info


 



   

 
promotional items  
promote your business with products people choose to keep. let us help you get your name out there with personalized promotional items.    

promotional items customized




   screen printing specialists
serving wilmington, nc & beyond
  custom apparel is an excellent way to brand your business, promote an event, or spread awareness. at digitaurus, custom apparel is what we do best. from custom t-shirts and logo shirts to embroidered baseball caps and more, we do it all! if your business is looking for a personal touch that will set you apart from your competitors, we’re the company to call. contact us 
or stop in today! 
 



  


   
    

  



  

  



  

  



  

  




view all 





    about our company & our custom apparel

digitaurus is a full-service custom t-shirt and screen printing company serving local restaurants, sports teams, local community groups and small businesses in the wilmington, nc area. we can add your logo, company name or custom design to all types of apparel, including t-shirts, sweatshirts, golf and collared shirts, fleeces, bags, towels, outerwear, and more. in addition to screen printing, we also offer custom embroidery services and promotional products. to learn more about our custom apparel, contact us 
or stop by our showroom on wrightsville avenue! 
 


 







      



   

 digitaurus  screen printing & embroidery 4605 b wrightsville avewilmington, nc 28403  910-794-9243
 silk screening 
custom embroidery
promotional items
 custom logo wear 
custom apparel & more


     







    


















































































































  
  share by:










