







african american museum of iowa






























































































































































about
meeting & event space
contact us
donate
 


visit

youth field trips
adult group tours


collections & exhibits

permanent exhibit
current exhibit
future exhibits
past exhibits
virtual exhibits
online collection database
collection donations


education & research

programming
classroom resources
oral history videos
traveling exhibits
research services


events

calendar of events
juneteenth
history makers gala


ways to support

donate
membership
volunteer

volunteer & internship application


internships
collection donations
donor recognition


search




menu


menu

 






see you soonvisit our renovated building and exhibit spaces!
plan your visitvisit the aami’s latest exhibitdelve into the history behind anti-black imagery in an new exhibition developed by the african american museum of iowa
learn moredigital resourcesexplore virtual exhibits, our online collections database, and more resources that can be accessed from home at anytime.
access resourcesbecome a memberyour membership helps us preserve iowa’s african american heritage and bring educational programming to more than 30 communities across the state.
join todayconnect with uskeep up with all of our latest events and annoucments and follow us on social media.
like us on facebookfollow us on twittera statement from the executive director“there has been a collective gasp of pain and outrage as yet another video has become the witness for the unheard in our society.”
readpreviousnext123456


the african american museum of iowa is the only statewide museum devoted to preserving african american history and culture. our mission includes exhibiting and teaching the african american heritage of iowa. we educate over 30,000 people each year through museum tours, traveling exhibits, research services, youth and adult education programs, and community and fundraising events. explore our collection and exhibits that trace iowa’s african american history from its origins to the present.


your support makes a difference



donate
your donation enables you to participate in an exciting movement to preserve and share iowa’s rich african american heritage.

donate today

membership
join today to help the museum continue preserving, exhibiting, and teaching african american history and receive special member benefits.

join

volunteer
become an important part of our team and gain hands-on experience tailored to fit your individual talents and interests.

help us

oral history: collecting & preserving personal memories





            3 videos found        













                    freda long                




1,027 views


home
freda carole blakey long was born and raised in cedar rapids, iowa. ...















                    arthur david “superman” pennington                




903 views


home
art pennington was born in memphis, tennessee. in 1940, at the age of ...















                    nelson evans                




1,301 views


home
born in chicago, nelson evans came to iowa to attend upper iowa ...






view more oral histories

upcoming events


family scavenger huntfebruary 19 @ 5:15 pm - 6:15 pmfree - african american museum of iowahistory, hope, and healing in iowa’s beloved community: panel discussionfebruary 27 @ 5:15 pm - 6:15 pmfree - african american museum of iowanew director welcomemarch 6 @ 4:00 pm - 6:00 pmafrican american museum of iowa
see all

join our mailing list


sign up to receive email updates from the aami. you’ll be among the first to know about upcoming events, special promotions, and community partnerships.

sign up
   

african american museum of iowa 55 12th avenue se, cedar rapids, ia 52401
(319) 862-2101
 news & updates
employment opportunities



 © copyright – african american museum of iowa privacy policy

 website donated by:








scroll to top


































































































