






gld comunications - public relations media agency | your message matters!

 










































































copywriting

book editing and promotion


public relations
audio-video production

podcast services


success coaching
it service
learn more

testimonials
portfolio
in the news
literacy initiative


podcast bonus content & business articles
3-2-1 profit$ -the podcast
get an estimate
 

 













we apply high-tech innovation to time-tested marketing and pr techniques!
national media exposure * local credibility * increased revenue 
words and images can transform and convince.
 
 ?
 
 
celebrating 25 years of service!

our google page & reviews
our services

strategic planning
award-winning copywriting and creative direction
audio/video production
public relations and reputation management
success coaching
creative development and production
exclusive it support services

 
our mission: to be a successful partner to our clients by providing credible, strategic, results-oriented public relations media production services. 
 
thank you for considering gld enterprises communications, ltd., we appreciate your time! let’s begin by helping you understand exactly what we do. 
if you’re unfamiliar with public relations media, schedule a one-on-one with us! 
we can help you understand the value of pr. in a digital world ruled by endless, often pointless, content, our pr strategy provides wide-reaching, authentic, credible material.
from copywriting and content strategy to video production and podcasting, we offer more than a quarter-century of experience in public relations media. our goal is a long-term partnership with professionals who get “it.” what’s “it?” that’s easy. “it” is the understanding that you must create a positive image out there in a world so overgrown with noise that standing out is a challenge, even with the most useful, highest-quality product or service.
our communications channels enhance your exposure and a message first strategy. “your message matters,” isn’t just our tagline, it’s our professional philosophy. without the right message, you’re just throwing good money after bad, regardless of how great the platform is or how well-targeted the audience. so, with that in mind, let’s move forward and talk about what we can do for you! visit our website for more information and to view our portfolio.
 
interested in our video productions and samples? special presentations? pr work? check out our youtube channel!
 
our management
gery l. deerfounder, senior copywriter, creative director & ceogdeer@gldenterprises.net
gery (pronounced “jerry”) began his business journey on the family farm in jamestown, ohio where his parents and brother managed multiple business ventures.
gery sold his first freelance writing in october of 1987 and kept working as an independent journalist and creative producer. companies like brown publishing, cox media group, aim media midwest, ibm, whirlpool corporation, and many more have used his work.
as a freelance feature writer, gery has been published hundreds of times in regional and national publications over the last 20 years, ranging from local newspapers to specialty magazines, and was nominated in 2010 for a pulitzer prize in journalism. he is a member of the editorial freelancers association and a long-time voice artist and stage performer.  gery is the co-host and producer of the old nerd in the gym fitness podcast, director, host of 3-2-1 profit$-the podcast, and host and producer of deer in headlines podcast, a feature program based on his long-running op-ed print series. he is a member of the board of directors of the miami valley non-profit coalition, former chair of dayton prevent blindness ohio, co-founder and former director of the western ohio writers association (2008-2019), and chapter success coach and educational coordinator of the green team chapter of bni in dayton, ohio.
gery was invited to join the 2024 appalachian writers conference faculty in berea, kentucky. the conference is scheduled for september 3-5, 2024, and he will teach sessions on the business of writing. get the full details and hear from the organizers on the “deer in headlines” podcast: https://jamestowncomet.wordpress.com/2024/05/18/deer-in-headlines-podcast-welcomes-melissa-newman-and-mary-ryan-wineberg-of-the-appalachian-writers-conference/
 
gery is a member of:
 
 
 
 
 
julie barthmedia director, producer, videographer & cmojbarth@gldenterprises.net
julie joined our team in january 2019 as director of media communications and serves as our chief marketing officer. originally from new jersey, she earned a bachelor’s degree in psychology from heidelberg university and has spent her adult life in the ohio valley. julie has been producing and directing audio and video projects for us for several years but only recently signed on officially since graduating from the international college of broadcasting in dayton, ohio with a degree in audio and video production. she is also the executive producer of 3-2-1 profit$-the podcast, co-host of the old nerd in the gym podcast, member of the dayton b2b chapter of bni, and a chapter success coach for bni miami valley.
 

gery and julie work alongside a team of talented graphic designers, writers, web developers, and other specialists to provide you with the highest-quality product and top-tier service. 
the age of instant information has made the world smaller while exponentially increasing the field of competition. at gld enterprises communications, ltd. we offer the highest level of recognition and credibility by utilizing text, audio, and video. check out our portfolio.
gld communications staff are proud members of bni, the world’s largest referral marketing organization.
check out our portfolio for a few samples of our work, from copywriting to video production. our work is done in-house by our team of highly talented professionals!
 

don’t take our word for it, though. check out some of the testimonials we have received from many of our best clients!
background: gld enterprises communications, ltd. was founded in march of 1998 under the name “deer computer consulting, ltd.” founder and owner, gery l. deer, started the company primarily as a tech firm but expanded into marketing communications almost immediately. as a long-time freelance journalist and copywriter, he recognized early on the increasing demand for what we now call “branded content.” gery’s firm began providing this kind of material almost 2 decades before it became fashionable. it expanded over the years into a full-service marketing communications firm.
 
gld enterprises communications, ltd. is a limited liability corporation. the “quill seal” logo and name, as well as service icons, are trademarks of gld enterprises and gery l. deer. 2021 all rights reserved. 







 




follow us!search our site   sign up for free updates! 

 









your name (required)



your email (required)



subject



your message








our web hosting partners 



            the jamestown comet.comgame day avant-garde february 8, 2025 deersupplemental editorial: don’t sit idly by – contact your congressional representatives and stop elon musk february 6, 2025 deernational mentoring day reminds us of those who got us where we are. january 31, 2025 deer    coaching newsbeat the winter blues: tips to help you boost winter happiness and stay energized january 27, 2025 how to prepare for the new year and set goals like a life coach december 4, 2024 how to minimize stress and enjoy your next family gathering november 25, 2024     newswire – public relationsrockdove solutions to showcase security innovations and expertise at isc east 2024 november 14, 2024rockdove solutions to demo 'in case of crisis 365' continuity of operations platform at isc west 2024 april 3, 2024newswire earns 23 badges in g2’s spring 2024 report including best usability april 2, 2024newswire’s press release optimizer helps companies stand out in crowded marketplace january 24, 2024   winter weather is back for the weekendweather looks not so sweet this valentine's weekendmae c. jemison: the first african american woman in spaceover-salting damages and preventionswatch for slick spots with freezing rain/snow in the forecast wednesday        gld comunications – public relations media agency  © 2025 designed by themepacific  


















 
