







welcome to hub hobby shop - new orleans

























































































hub hobby shop






home
our roots
what we sell
new stuff
hobby hints

rieth creations
feature stories
in their own words
materials & bonding
painting tips
radio control airplanes
reference material
scenery & dioramas
school projects
weathering & detailing
trains


reviews
tulane  architecture
lightbox
gil gonsoulin’s bizarro land
 


model contest in april, 2025 - - info on it in the description of the video - - the models featured in this video participated in last year's new orleans area contest











 






1952

arrivals for the week ending february 8,  2025 –

january 27, 2025
infantry advance
by mike smolek

this diorama depicts a scene from 1943 of a russian t-34 chtz (chelyabinsk tractor plant) tank with a 76 mm gun in 1/35th scale (tamiya 35059). the kit is combined with figures of a russian infantry assault team (tamiya 35207).

these figures can be used in a variety of scenes, but were designed for use with the t-34/76 kit. the diorama depicts a generic wetlands scene of scrubby brambles, tall grasses, and low-lying weeds and moss.

the bulk of the soft materials were from woodland scenic, including the electrostatic grass. the base is 3m insulation foam. the paints used were either airbrushed ak or hand-painted tamiya flat acrylics. skin tones were painted with a legacy collection of testor’s model master acrylic paints.


january 12, 205
p51 lou iv
by scott sclafani
this is a model of lou iv, a fighter from the 361 st fighter group of the 8th air force flying out of bottisham, england.
there’s a famous color photo of this plane that shows a blue camo scheme, which has been hotly debated. it was, in fact, a field applied camo army olive drab and raf dark green.

i built this model straight out of the box, using testors model master paint throughout and artist oil for panel line definition. lou iv was piloted by tom christian jr, who had no aerial vicoties and was killed shortly after the famed color photo was shot.



rosebud
hub hobby’s original building on broad st in new orleans has been demolished. word of it being torn down spread like wildfire.
one of our customers, jim letten, was emailed by his friend martin about the demolition of their childhood hang-out.
the subject line was: rosebud
“rosebud” was the dying word spoken by orson welles in the movie citizen kane: a reference to his childhood sled – the symbol of memories of youthful innocence.
read it here





“”quarter light” is copyrighted by william wolfe and is used with his permission     
  new orleans, louisiana            






tweet



  


 looking for some project ideas?


 a quick video tour of the hub











 hours & info 3829 airline drmetairie la  70001open daily 9:30 am to 5:15 pmclosed wednesdays and sundays1 (504) 828-6868hubhobnola@aol.commail to: hubhobnola@aol.comopen daily 9:30 am to 5:15 pm closed wednesdays & sundays located between n. turnbull & cleary about a block east of sam's club, on the other side of the street map “i’ll take one of each, please!” hub hobby’s youtube channel 




 hub hobby world headquarters 

 like us on facebook 

like us on facebook

 
hobby scuttlebutt

a higher call

 hub hobby
 december 27, 2017
 3
 hobby
 a higher call 
a higher call   every time i sell a model of a me262, i recall an incident that happened when the hub was still on broad street. scott scalfani built the tamiya 1/48 262 pictured here and had it on…read more



tweet




creative repurposing

 hub hobby
 november 26, 2017
 0
 hobby

creative repurposing   modelers are a creative, resourceful bunch. they go to great lengths to repurpose materials to use in their projects. one such incident that comes to mind involved a guy who built a radio control b17. he used…read more



tweet




thinning ratios

 hub hobby
 august 6, 2017
 0
 hobby

thinning ratios for airbrushing is a constantly reoccurring question and there is no right answer. the most common answer is “thin the paint to the consistency of milk.” . . . right. . . whole milk? skim milk? buttermilk?  ….read more



tweet


 
 hub hobby's co-founder's other hobby (amongtheruins.org)











  
 



“any day spent building a model is better than a day spent at work!” – – bill wolfe “happiness is having a closet full of models. . . . bliss is having built one!”  –  – alan gomez

 

 

hub hobby: a place where you don’t have to grow up! our motto: you can never have too many unbuilt models in your closet.

 

copyright notice			copyright 2002-2024 by hub hobby shop
articles and photographs remain property of authors and photographers.
all rights reserved.
 




 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website



















































































