


	denbighshire.gov.uk | denbighshire county council




























tell us whether you accept cookies
we use cookies to collect information about how you use denbighshire.gov.uk. we use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve our services.






accept all cookies


set cookie preferences






you've accepted all cookies. you can change your cookie settings at any time.


hide








skip to main content







my accounts

cymraeg





  







denbighshire.gov.uk

search:

search



popular on denbighshire.gov.uk
  
bin collection dates
recycling and waste parks
school term dates
job vacancies
search the library catalogue
       








    

          




services and information 






bin collection dates

find your bin collection day.




march for business

the march for business campaign provides free workshops, networking events and advice sessions for businesses across denbighshire.




how do you think the council is doing?

have your say.







benefits, grants and money advice
benefits and grants you may be entitled to plus information and advice.


bins and recycling
bin collection dates, recycling centres and garden waste collections.


births, marriages and deaths
how to register a birth or death, planning for a marriage/civil partnership and copy certificates.






business
business rates, how to sell to us, health and safety, trading standards.


childcare and parenting
childcare, early years education, fostering and adoption.


community and living
community information and services for residents in denbighshire. 






council tax
pay council tax, discounts, exemptions and check your balance online.


education and schools
schools, admissions and transport. 


environmental health
dog issues, food safety, permits, air quality and water quality, climate and ecological change.






health and social care
health and social care services from the council, the nhs and others.


housing, homelessness and landlords
social housing, homelessness, housing associations and home adaptations. 


job vacancies and employee information
search and apply for job vacancies online and information for council employees.






leisure and tourism
leisure centres, libraries, events, walking and cycling.


licences, permits and trading standards
business and street trading licences, entertainment and alcohol, road and highways licences.


make a payment
council tax payments, business rates payments, invoices and parking fines.






parking, roads and travel
car parks, permits, public transport, roadworks and road safety.


planning and building regulations
make a planning application, planning permission, search and comment on applications.


your council
strategies and policies, complaints and feedback, councillors and committees.






youth service
youth clubs, volunteering, the youth council and help and support for young people.







my property
find local services available near you.


my maps
explore denbighshire's online maps.










climate and ecological change

information on climate and ecological change including what we're doing and how you can help.




coastal defence

find out about coast defence schemes in denbighshire.




rhyl regeneration

rhyl is changing. be part of its future.




  

news























browser does not support script.





accessibility
contact
cookies
emergencies
privacy
site map
terms and conditions


facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
youtube









browser does not support script.
browser does not support script.
browser does not support script.
browser does not support script.
browser does not support script.
browser does not support script.


