






home






























home compare prices get a quotegastric surgery plastic surgery dental careeye surgery





















			bariatric surgery diet


	understanding the latest information in nutrition and how it affects long term surgical outcome.

this bariatric surgery diet overview is designed to educate you and will pertain to most bariatric surgeries. depending on whether you are getting a gastric sleeve procedure or a full bypass surgery, you must follow your doctor’s fitness and nutritional guidelines and strictly follow their prescribed diet plans.

	many bariatric surgeons work with full time dietitians to supplement their knowledge of proper nutrition and to provide better patient coverage for the dietary portion of the surgery. it is important that you understand how your food choices and fitness habits will need to change both pre and post bariatric surgery. a thorough understanding of the operation as a whole will make the entire process much less stressful both emotionally as well as physically.
more... 1 comment 





			lap band costs


	prices from $4,500 / with all fees included

	'lap-band cost in the u.s. is becoming more expensive. the fees are rising annually, currently the high end prices are almost $20,000."

	undergoing weight loss surgery is a life changing, medical decision, which has financial aspects to consider. the price will depend on many factors. depending on your health and unique situation there is not a "correct cost" for lap-band® surgery.factors that will influence your total price include, where you chose to get the surgery (this is the biggest single cost factor). your choice of a gastric surgeon and what fees are covered in the hospital's quoted price. when you know up front all the monetary aspects of a procedure, it becomes a much more affordable prospect as you can budget accordingly.
more... 1 comment 





			lap band surgery


lap band surgery is quickly becoming the most popular and effective bariatric procedure. lap-banding has a lot of advantages over other surgical procedures. common factors to consider about this surgery include cost, surgeons, manual band adjustments, and what steps to take to get this procedure. lap banding is a minor operation which takes most surgeons thirty minutes to perform. it also requires the least preoperative screening of any bariatric surgery. there are a lot of things that every patient needs to know about the process involved with getting this surgery.
more... 1 comment 





			lap band mexico


	choosing to get your lap band surgery "across the border"


		"you will find the best price here for lap band mexico. lap band mexico choices are not risky, and you do not have to compromise the quality."


	if you are considering getting a gastric band (lap band) procedure in mexico, surgical services international has surgical partners located just ten minutes across the border. traveling to get your bariatric procedure will save you about 65% or more.
more... 4 comments 





			weight loss surgery


understanding the various surgical options and lifestyle commitments needed for weight loss surgery is the first step in making an informed decision. without a clear picture of what is and is not possible with weight loss surgery, it is impossible to make a quality informed decision. bariatric surgery is a lifestyle changing procedure that needs to be approached with care and careful planning.

	bariatric surgeries for obese patients were originally discovered accidently during more severe operations for patients with stomach cancers or ulcers that required surgical removal. the patients that underwent these procedures ended up losing a large volume of excess weight as a side effect. considering the high percentage of obese people in the united states the potential for a weight loss procedure was very large. voila, the birth of the weight loss surgeon was a short step away.
more... 1 comment 





			gastric sleeve vs gastric bypass


deciding between surgeries like a gastric sleeve vs gastric bypass requires some detailed knowledge and a good understanding of the lifelong commitments required by the patient as well as the surgical techniques that are involved.

	gastric sleeve surgery is often used as a first stage surgery prior to a full gastric bypass. the gastric sleeve is used on patients that are considered too high risk or are just too ill to undergo the stress of a bypass.

	the gastric sleeve surgery removes a large section of the actual stomach itself. the part of the stomach that is surgically removed is the upper stomach, which is responsible for producing the hunger hormone, ghrelin. this surgery helps the patient lose weight twofold, the new size of the stomach is restrictive and you will feel full very fast. two, you will have less hunger issues as your body is not producing the hormone which tells your body that it is hungry. combining these two powerful processes has increasingly made the gastric sleeve an increasingly popular stand alone surgery.
more... 1 comment 





			gastric sleeve complications and possible risks


all surgeries carry risk, gastric sleeve complications happen both in the surgical theater and after the procedure itself. for patients who have a gastric weight loss surgery the dangerous period for complications to occur is during the days directly following the procedure. the first ten days are the most critical, with the associated risk of complications dropping substantially after that initial period.

	the most common gastric sleeve complications, and the symptoms associated with them include:
more... 1 comment 





			gastric sleeve surgery cost


	gastric sleeve costs a lot in the states

	if you are considering a weight loss surgery you have probably come across a procedure called a gastric sleeve. this surgery is expensive, costing many patients well over $13,000 u.s. dollars in the states at the present.

	if you are not covered by your insurance carrier for this procedure, or are self funding for any reason, then the out of pocket expenses will be important to budget for.
more... 1 comment 





			gastric sleeve surgery in mexico


	getting a clear idea of the total costs involved in traveling to mexico for your bariatric surgery.

	tens of thousands of americans and canadians have traveled to mexico to get bariatric surgery. the excellent prices and proximity to the united states border are the obvious benefits. by traveling just ten minutes from the us border you can have your gastric bypass surgery or gastric sleeve surgery done in mexico for approximately 50 to 70 percent less than the surgery would cost you in the united states or canada.
more... 1 comment 





			gastric sleeve surgery 


gastric sleeve surgery is a bariatric procedure to promote extreme weight loss at a great price.



	the procedure is performed laparoscopically, which makes the recovery fast and the surgery much safer than a gastric bypass. an advantage that gastric sleeve has over lap band is the faster acting results to slim a patient’s body without needing constant band adjustments, which cost a lot. after a couple of months most gastric sleeve patients need another surgery commonly referred to as a skin lift. every medical professional is different so ask the surgeon when you can get the other procedure. there are a lot of weight loss surgeries (bariatric procedures) to pick from it all depend on what you want. if you want a flat stomach, no need for a lift surgery, and are okay with a long recovery than a gastric bypass is better. this tends to have fewer medical checkups, but has a very high cost and is for patients who suffer from obesity.  lap band surgery might fit a patient who is willing to wait for their ideal body and wants to spread the cost of the surgery. for gastric sleeve a lot of the price is in the medical/hospital recovery and surgeon because it is performed laparoscopically.
more... 1 comment 









homecompare pricesconsultationbefore & aftersmedical tourismhospitalstestimonialspackagesaccommodationstravelabout usfaqscontact uslinkssitemapplastic surgeryeye surgerygastric surgerydental carepayment policyterms & conditions

 
    www.surgicalservicesinternational.com © 2005    
    los angeles, ca. / miami, fl. / dallas, tx. / chicago, il. / houston, tx. / phoenix, az. / san antonio tx . new york, ny. / san diego, ca./ mexico 














