





	home







































 

javascript is disabled, you must enable javascript to use this site. instructions can be found here: enable-javascript.com

















skip to main content






login






















festival aboutartistsmapsfaqcomposing in the wildernessnewslettersyoutube channelcovid policiessupport donateways to supportadvertiseget involvedsupporters merchandiseeventsworkshopscontacttwin bears








































						home
					








stay tuned to exciting events in 2025! we are looking forward to seeing you!
welcome to the fairbanks summer arts festival! 
we offer a two week study-performance extravaganza with hundreds of workshops that span 20 genres for everyone from the absolute beginner to those on the professional track.     
winter edition begins january 6, 2025.  
to see what is available, click on the workshops tab above. you can peruse the workshop listings or search for a particular class or teacher. 
2025 fairbanks summer arts festival july 13–27
 call our office at (907) 474-8869 for more information.the fairbanks summer arts festival is deeply grateful to the many individuals, businesses, foundations and government agencies for their generous support that enriches the lives of participants and their communities. special thanks to the following sponsors:
j. willard and alice s. marriott foundationbill reed memorial scholarship fundpeggy shumakeralaska airlinesalaska state council on the artsbill stroecker foundationrichard l. and diane m. block foundationfairbanks arts association/city of fairbanks & fnsb bed tax regrantmt. mckinley bankgolden heart community foundation,an affiliate of the alaska community foundationdesign alaskadenali state bankusibelli foundationguest artist-provided resources:
caitlin warbelow is offering several options for people in need of music/instruction:
tune supply: www.tune.supply
caitlin's youtube channel: www.youtube.com/caityanna
gary gibson's non-profit has both a website: www.steelmagicnorthwest.org and youtube channel
emily anderson's website: www.emilyandersonak.com
 
james yoshizawa has a website: www.jamesyoshizawa.com
 
cj menge has a website https://insideoutsteelband.org and youtube channel
 

















administrative offices600 university avenuefairbanks, ak 99709907-474-8869info@fsaf.org
get involved         
        policies          
        advertise





















						powered by
						configio

a
						community brands
						owned company






















close
share
fullscreen
zoom











previous
				
next
				









