















miriam's kitchen











































































 















 volunteer with miriam's kitchen!






donate






















careerscontact us 
  search



donate


about usour impactleadershipmk boardour teamtestimonials and awardsfinancialsprogramsoverviewadvocacyhealthy mealshousingstreet outreachsocial servicesget helpeventsmediablogmk in the medianewslettersphotosconnectvolunteeradvocatepartner with mkjoin our networkcampaignsways to givedonate 



































donate today!the mk missionto end chronic homelessness


the miriam’s kitchen team utilizes a comprehensive approach to eliminating the housing crisis in washington, d.c. through engaging our guests with healthy, made-from-scratch meals, we connect them with personalized social services that assist them with re-building their lives. beyond our intensive program offering, we regularly engage community leaders and elected officials who fiercely advocate on our guests’ behalf.


our cause











our reachhow we’re impacting
lives of those in need


miriam’s kitchen helps individuals obtain the housing, health and critical resources needed to end chronic homelessness.


read now







84,000




serving almost
84,000 meals a year










925




working with 925 volunteers over the last year










201




providing permanent supportive
housing for 201 formerly
unhoused individuals


mk newswhat’s going on at miriam’s kitchen


statement on whitehurst encampment closure dc’s deputy mayor for health and human services (dmhhs) has scheduled a site closure for one of the largest remaining encampments in foggy bottom (located at 27th and k streets nw), amid the coldest stretch of winter weather this season. the encampment closure is currently set to take place on february 7th, and will adversely… view articleread morethey haven’t stopped evicting encampments, but we won’t stop our pressureit’s happening again. on tuesday, july 30, the district will evict another 14 people from an encampment. during a summer of record-breaking heat, these neighbors settled together near a vent producing cool air for their survival. approximately 10 of the 14 people who will be displaced on tuesday were previously displaced from a foggy bottom… view articleread moremiriam’s kitchen cites severe gaps in upcoming dc budgetwhen mayor bowser proposed her budget, we knew there was work to do. drastic cuts to essential housing resources like psh (permanent supportive housing), erap (emergency rental assistance), and more, sacrifice the hope of – and support for – our neighbors experiencing homelessness or housing insecurity. so, we acted.     in coalition through the… view articleread more

read all news
 




our corporate partners



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


learn more










stay involved
sign up for our newsletter below to join in our movement to end chronic homelessness.you’ll
                        receive volunteer and advocacy opportunities, find out the latest news, and more.




enter your email address*


  






















get involved

volunteer
be an advocate
events
join our network
partner with mk


get help

outreach team
healthy meals
case management
advocacy
housing services


 



contact us

miriam’s kitchen

2401 virginia ave, nw washington, dc 20037
ph: 202-452-8926


info@miriamskitchen.org







follow us

keep up with the latest from mk on social media











miriam’s kitchen is a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. federal identification number: 52-1331552 donors are encouraged to read the miriam’s kitchen charitable solicitation disclosure statement and privacy policy.

powered by global reach


































































