




smartsafeandsober.org - the web site for virginia's traffic safety community























































































	about ss&s 
virginia highway safety committee
smart, safe & sober traffic safety calendar


site search:









 





"phone down. it's the law."
          virginia's hands-free campaign










welcome
                        to smartsafeandsober.org!


click it or ticket may 2024 mobilization - submit treds data by june 28!

law enforcement agencies with highway safety grants must conduct pre- and post-surveys for the ciot mobilization. attached are the pdf files containing the surveys for both the pre and post-mobilization assessments, along with the final enforcement activity reporting worksheet.                  

pre-mobilization survey to be conducted from may 6 – may 24, 2024
enforcement operations to take place from may 20 – june 2, 2024
post-mobilization survey to be conducted from june 3 – june 14, 2024

all treds data entry is required and due by june 28, 2024.  
when entering data into treds, put it under click it or ticket 2024 may mobilization.                    
we thank you for your ongoing dedication and support in saving lives on virginia's roads.





application period open for 2024 drug recognition expert (dre) training
the drug evaluation and classification (dec) program, also known as the drug recognition expert (dre) program, has received national acclaim for its success in identifying the drug-impaired driver. officers trained as dres are frequently called upon to assist with roadside incidents involving impaired drivers and to differentiate between drug influence and medical and/or mental disorders. this training is an extremely valuable tool in combating the adverse effects of impaired driving in virginia. the training consists of a two-week classroom session, followed by a seven-day field certification week. this training is at no cost, rooms are provided and meals are reimbursed up to per diem.
virginia's next dre course is scheduled for: 

class room: september 8-20, 2024
                      virginia state police academy
                      7700 midlothian turnpike
                      richmond, va 23235



field certification: october 20-27, 2024
                      hope counseling & consulting services, inc.
                      810 akron drive 
                      winston salem, nc 27105

the deadline for applications to attend this upcoming dre course is july 15, 2024.
attached is a virginia dre training application. please forward this application to top officers you believe would be excellent dres. interested officers must already be certified in standardized field sobriety testing (sfst), and it is recommended they have successfully completed the advanced roadside impaired driving enforcement (aride) training course.
along with the completed application, officers must provide:

narratives from a minimum of two dui arrest reports from the last 12 months
an endorsement/recommendation letter from their chief, sheriff or commander
an endorsement/recommendation letter from their local prosecutor

please email completed applications and the required attachments to our virginia drug recognition expert (dre) coordinator, 1st sgt. matthew okes, matthew.okes@vsp.virginia.gov
incomplete applications or those without the required attachments will be discarded.




traffic occupant protection strategies (tops) training available to law enforcement agencies
virginia dmv's highway safety office needs your help to increase the commonwealth's seat belt use rate and save lives on our roadways. the role you play in enforcing virginia's seat belt laws is vitally important as virginia reported a seat belt use rate of just 75.6% in 2022. last year, 335 people who were not wearing seat belts tragically lost their lives in 5,659 unrestrained crashes on our highways.
                    
as such, we want to make you aware that traffic occupant protection strategies (tops) training is available to law enforcement agencies to provide additional education to assist you in increasing seat belt use and decreasing unrestrained fatalities in your community. developed by the traffic law enforcement division at the national highway traffic safety administration (nhtsa), the tops training curriculum encompasses the latest insights into safety belts, child safety seats, and airbags.                  
together, we can set an example for others to follow and save the lives of motorists throughout virginia. please feel free to contact seppo karkkainen, seppo.karkkainen@dmv.virginia.gov, to schedule the 4-hour tops course, or with any other help you may need.                                





crash investigation and reconstruction training
the virginia highway safety office is pleased to offer classes in crash investigation and reconstruction. available courses are:


fundamentals of crash investigation and reconstruction

stay tuned for upcoming classes.


advanced crash investigation

july 8-19, 2024 — roanoke county police department, roanoke, va 


human factors in traffic crash reconstruction

july 29 - august 2, 2024 — virginia state police academy, north chesterfield, va 


pedestrian/bicycle crash investigation - level i

september 9-13, 2024 — virginia beach police training facility, virginia beach, va


traffic crash reconstruction 

september 16-27, 2024 — henrico county police training facility, richmond, va


for more information, click the corresponding link for the course information.





campaign to reduce driving under the influence of cannabis

the virginia cannabis control authority asks you to join them in their new campaign to reduce the number of virginians who drive under the influence of cannabis.                   
your support in sharing critical safe driving messages is invaluable. here's how you can make a difference:                   

distribute materials from the digital toolkit.  
print and post these posters and flyers.  
add this url to your website and direct people there to learn more about safe driving. 
share their pledge. they're asking virginians to commit themselves to never driving under the influence of cannabis.                   

if you have any questions, please visit cca.virginia.gov or email publicaffairs@cca.virginia.gov.
 





new speed prevention media campaign
highway safety partner, 
                    
we are excited to inform you of the launch of our new speed prevention media campaign on october 24, 2023!
this campaign was created using focus groups to determine the cause of speeding and how we can get people to slow down. the campaign highlights the different consequences of speeding to educate drivers that speeding can affect you and others in many ways.
please share our new speed campaign with your communities to spread awareness of the consequences of speeding:

staunton: dmv speed :30 (staunton) on vimeo
norfolk/portsmouth: dmv speed :30 (norfolk) on vimeo
nova: dmv speed :30 (nova) on vimeo
richmond: dmv speed :30 (hull st) on vimeo

we thank you for your continued efforts in keeping our roadways safe for all road users.



dmv debuts refreshed virginia driver's license and id card design
new look celebrates virginia, enhances security 
richmond – beginning today, the virginia department of motor vehicles (dmv) is releasing a refreshed design of virginia driver's licenses and id cards.  the new credentials incorporate the next generation of enhanced security features that are resistant to counterfeiting and illustrate the beauty of iconic virginia imagery. read more


 more news headlines...
                  






upcoming events/trainings



see the full smart, safe & sober calendar
follow us on facebook!



  


 



 












state safety belt usage rate (2022):
75.6%
2021 rate: 81.7%











traffic fatalities on va’s 
                      highways through 
                      june 3,
                      2024
(preliminary):  


383
(compared to 406 at this time last year)
source: treds




 



all traffic safety photos


 


 


 


  


 





































        last modified:        
        june 17, 2024



programs | forms | resources | news | contact | home
follow us on twitter | find us on facebook | e-mail the webmaster





