     porsche center in clearwater, fl | used cars clearwater | porsche clearwater                               


                                  porsche clearwater             sales 727-231-4585   service 727-231-4563   parts 727-231-4524     15500 us highway 19 n clearwater, fl 33764         service           map           contact                                porsche clearwater                    call 727-231-4585   directions                      new vehicles   view all new vehicles   718 cayman   718 boxster   911   cayenne   macan   panamera   taycan   about 718   about panamera   about macan   all electric macan     pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   718 cayman   718 boxster   911   cayenne   macan    panamera   taycan   trade appraisal   certified pre-owned program     express store   shop all models   how express works     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   executive demo/service loaners   porsche lease specials   porsche financial services national offers     service & parts   schedule appointment   service department   porsche certified collision center   order parts   porsche online marketplace     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-approved   porsche protection plan   porsche financing details   porsche financing     about us   porsche premier dealer program   our porsche center   careers   meet our staff   my porsche     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions   privacy policy   consumer request portal                      home   new vehicles   view all new vehicles   718 cayman   718 boxster   911   cayenne   macan   panamera   taycan   about 718   about panamera   about macan   all electric macan     pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   718 cayman   718 boxster   911   cayenne   macan    panamera   taycan   trade appraisal   certified pre-owned program     express store   shop all models   how express works     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   executive demo/service loaners   porsche lease specials   porsche financial services national offers     service & parts   schedule appointment   service department   porsche certified collision center   order parts   porsche online marketplace     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-approved   porsche protection plan   porsche financing details   porsche financing     about us   porsche premier dealer program   our porsche center   careers   meet our staff   my porsche     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions   privacy policy   consumer request portal                  


                                                                                                       


inventory search
108 vehicles available

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory              inventory   718    718       search new      search used      718      911    911       search new      search used      911      panamera    panamera       search new      search used      panamera      taycan    taycan       search new      search used      taycan      macan    macan       search new      search used      macan      cayenne    cayenne       search new      search used      cayenne      all models     all models          
      shopping tools






 finance








 service








 appraisal








 test drive












100% online experience


shop our
 express store


instant pricing - no hassle - build your offer online




start shopping



see how it works













start shopping



see how it works



       






porsche clearwater
the ultimate luxury experience
porsche clearwater in clearwater, florida's home of driving excitement treats the needs of each individual customer with ultimate concern. we know that you have high expectations, and as a porsche center we enjoy the challenge of meeting and exceeding those standards each and every time. allow us to demonstrate our commitment to excellence!

our experienced sales staff is eager to share its knowledge and enthusiasm with you. we encourage you to browse our online inventory, schedule a test drive and investigate financing options. you can also request more information about a vehicle using our online form or by calling 727 527 1111
more about us

     
sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed    








          buy your next car from porsche clearwater
there's just nothing like driving a high-end sports car, and when you have a need for speed, comfort, and luxury, you won't be satisfied with anything less than a porsche. this is why our team of courteous, professional salespeople take your needs and desires seriously. buying a high-end sports car is a big decision and we want each and every one of our customers to drive away completely satisfied with their new vehicle. we offer a great selection of porsches for every driver.


why shop with us?
at porsche clearwater, you'll get nothing but the best. our family-owned and operated porsche center has been providing luxury sports cars to the pinellas/pasco county area for over 60 years. as part of this wonderful community, we proudly support many local attractions, charities, and organizations. these include the museum of fine art, the national kidney association, the american legion, our local children's hospital, and many more. as part of the community, we strive to make sure we live in the best place around.
if you're in the market for a porsche, we know that you're expecting something exceptional, and at porsche clearwater, that's exactly what you'll get. our knowledgeable staff is always on hand to assist you with any questions, concerns, or scheduling a test drive. conveniently shop from the comfort of your living room by browsing through our online inventory. when you find something you like, come in and we'll take you right to the car you want.


we have what you want
not every sports car is created equally, but here at porsche clearwater we have only the best vehicles for our customers. you'll be able to choose from our large selection of brand-new porsches. take a minute to consider exactly what you're looking for in a high-end sports car. do you want power, speed, or a comfortable interior with all the modern amenities? no matter what you're looking for, we can help you find it. our amazing sales team is constantly seeking out ways to make your buying experience even better.
are you looking for a car with great gas mileage and an unbeatable performance? then you're going to want to test drive a porsche 911 coupe, it can get an estimated 21 miles per gallon in the city and 29 mpg on the highway, as well as providing you with an impressive 370 horsepower. if you have a family or need a little more room, come by and take a porsche cayenne for a test drive. this four-door suv provides plenty of power to go along with that extra space.


what our customers are saying 
providing our customers with top-notch service, both when buying a brand-new vehicle or servicing the one they already own, is our number one priority, and it shows in what our customers are saying about us. frank murray bought a porsche 718 cayman from us and he said "these guys know their cars and were very easy to work with. i will definitely be back!" tj frankfurth bought a certified pre-owned porsche panamera and said that the salesman and finance director "went out of their way to make the buying experience very pleasurable." come see for yourself what we can do for you.                               copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | porsche clearwater | 15500 us highway 19 n, clearwater, fl 33764 | sales: 727-231-4585   terms & conditions            





















           