







embassy of ethiopia
















































































xfacebookyoutubenews & media
gallery
contact
scholars registration
(202) 364-1200 | ethiopia@ethiopianembassy.org 


home
about us

embassy
the ambassadr


ethiopia

overview
government
economy
culture
tourism


consular services

power of attorney
visa service
passport service
authentication & legalization
laissez passer
ethipian origin id
duty-free notes
shipping human services


investing in ethiopia
community services
search




menu


menu

 


















welcome to 
							ethiopian embassy 
							in washington, d.c 
							 



the land  of origins  
							ethiopia is 
							
 



economy in the world 
							fastest growing 
							
 



 diversity and unity 
							the land of 
							 



country in africa   
							the oldest independent  
							 



monolithic religions in the world  
							home of the oldest  
							 



rapid urbanization  
							
 



diplomatic hub of africa  
							
 





the embassy



the embassy of the federal democratic republic of ethiopia in washington dc is the main diplomatic mission of the federal democratic republic of ethiopia in the united states of america. the mission of the embassy is to maintain and advance the bilateral relations between ethiopia and the united states and to serve ethiopian citizens in the united states.
 
the embassy carries out government-to-government and people-to-people diplomacy and serves as a vital resource for ethiopians in the united states of america and the ethiopian-american community. besides, the embassy promotes ethiopia’s cultural values, untapped tourism potentials as well as trade and investment opportunities. the embassy is also accredited to mexico and jamaica.




read more
















h.e ambassador


the ambassador



——————




read more


news and media


read the latest news and analysis on the activity of the embassy and current affairs in ethiopia.












“ሠላም ፍትህና ዕድገት ለኢትዮጵያ" ከተሰኘ የዳያስፖራ ምሁራን ህብረት ጋር ውይይት ተካሄደ


  “ሰላም፣ ፍትህ እና ዕድገት ለኢትዮጵያ” የተሰኘ የዳያስፖራ ምሁራን ህብረት አባላት የካቲት 1 ቀን 2016 ዓ.ም. ከክቡር አምባሳደር ዶ/ር ስለሺ በቀለ  








the official transfer of "tsehay" by the italian government is a cause for great pride for ethiopians!


  today is a day of great pride for ethiopians as we celebrate the official handover of “tsehay” by the italian  








pm abiy ahmed has joined italy-africa summit


  pm abiy ahmed has joined other african leaders at the italy-africa summit hosted by italian pm giorgia meloni. the summit  








prime minister abiy ahmed has been awarded the prestigious fao agricola medal


  in a ceremony hosted by the united nations food and agriculture organization in rome, italy, prime minister abiy ahmed has  








ኤምባሲዎች አድማሱና አውዱ የሰፋ የዲፕሎማሲ እንቅስቃሴ ማድረግ እንድሚጠበቅባቸው የኢ.ፌ.ዲ.ሪ.ምክትል ጠቅላይ ሚኒስትርና የውጭ ጉዳይ ሚኒስትር አቶ ደመቀ መኮንን ተናገሩ


  (ጥር 18 ቀን 2016 ዓ.ም.አዲስ አበባ):-የኢፌዲሪ ምክትል ጠ/ሚኒስትርና የውጭ ጉዳይ ሚኒስትር ክቡር አቶ ደመቀ መኮንን ዓመታዊው የአምባሳደሮች ውይይት ዛሬ ሲጠናቀቅ  








dpm/fm demeke meets unicef regional director


  deputy prime minister and foreign minister, h.e. demeke mokonnen, today met with the unicef regional director for eastern and southern  








the diplomatic exhibition would help to strengthen the participation of citizens


  it has been stated that the diplomatic exhibition has made it possible to show ethiopia's centuries-old diplomatic journey and gain  








diplomats should foster foreign relations focused on forging consensus, friendship, cooperation and diversification of partnerships- ambassador taye atse-selassie


  during today's session of the annual ethiopian ambassadors retreat, various papers highlighting manifold regional and geopolitical shifts and issues of  



 


1
2
3
…
152
next » 









notice





























consular services


the embassy of ethiopia in washington dc provides consular services to all members of the ethiopian diaspora and other nationals residing or/and temporarily staying in the united states of america. this section provides a general overview and information on some of the consular services for all customers who would like to travel to ethiopia and others seeking various consular services.
 










power of attorney
ethiopian power of attorney (e-poa) services is the critical link between the ethiopian diaspora community and mainland ethiopia. for anyone trying ..
or call e-poa : +1 202 800 4410




see more










visa
all foreign nationals who seek to enter ethiopia require a visa. however, ethiopian origin id holders and travellers who arrive in addis ababa bole international….




see more










passport service
the embassy of ethiopia is currently issuing only a new electronic passport that requires mandatory finger print…




see more










authentication & legalization service
all documents originating in ethiopia should be authenticated by the ministry of foreign affairs of ethiopia.




see more










laissez passer
the embassy of ethiopia issues a laissez-passer for ethiopian…




see more










other services
the government of ethiopia depends upon ethiopian airlines to set the regulations for the transport of human remains..




see more



 







about ethiopia the federal democratic republic of ethiopia is located in the north-eastern part of africa commonly known as the horn of africa. it is strategically proximate to the middle east and europe…..

read more 

consular servicespower of attorney
visa service
passport service
authentication & legalization
laissez passer
ethiopian origin id
duty-free notes
shipping human remains
our latest news“ሠላም ፍትህና ዕድገት ለኢትዮጵያ” ከተሰኘ የዳያስፖራ ምሁራን ህብረት ጋር ውይይት ተካሄደfebruary 13, 2024 - 4:08 pmthe official transfer of “tsehay” by the italian government is a cause for great pride for ethiopians!february 5, 2024 - 3:18 pmpm abiy ahmed has joined italy-africa summitjanuary 30, 2024 - 3:30 pmcontact us 
embassy of ethiopia
3506 international drive, nw
washington, d.c. 20008
(202) 364-1200
(202) 587-0195
ethiopia@ethiopianembassy.org








© copyright  - embassy of ethiopia - enfold wordpress theme by kriesi






scroll to top










 

homeabout us▼embassythe ambassadrethiopia▼overviewgovernmenteconomyculturetourismconsular services▼power of attorneyvisa servicepassport serviceauthentication & legalizationlaissez passerethipian origin idduty-free notesshipping human servicesinvesting in ethiopiacommunity services 


























































