



search consultants international  |  executive search  | recruiting  |  environmental health & safety  |  houston, texas















home
about us
candidate center
market intel
 contact us


 


















 




environmental health & safety
ehs executives, managers and professionals





in today’s regulatory climate, environmental health & safety executives 
are critical to a company’s success. 
the professionals we find for you 
have the expertise you need in ehs management systems to insure regulatory 
compliance, to more effectively analyze and mitigate risk, 
and to keep upper management and board members informed about ehs issues. 
as a pioneer in the ehs market, we offer advantages few search firms can touch.





a long history





search consultants began recruiting ehs professionals in 1986. we were one of the first search firms in the us to recognize the importance of ehs in the corporate hierarchy.




a legacy of success





we’ve completed over 600 successful ehs searches, about a third of which were at or above the director level. 




a vast network





in so doing, we created a network of ehs professionals throughout the us, in oil & gas (upstream, midstream and downstream), chemicals, petrochemicals and industrial manufacturing. 




a pivotal market position





maintaining our network keeps us on the leading edge of planned regulatory changes and sustainability trends in your industry. 




access to key talent





our leadership position in the ehs market gives us unparalleled access to key managers and executives. 
we usually know who may be open to a career change and what they may be looking for, and they know us 
as a dependable resource. 
so when we call an ehs, there’s a good chance he’ll take our call. 
our access lets us move quickly to identify and recruit the best available talent 
for your ehs position. 


----


searchedge™ – our proven search strategy 





for more information, request a free  e-brochure on searchedge, our proven recruiting strategy.


© 2014 search consultants international, houston texas. all rights reserved. site design:  brandwave

home
about us
candidate center
market intel
 contact us
 searchedge

 


