







music by bonnie


















































0








        skip to content
      
























        home
      



        contact
      




























open menu
close menu




























        home
      



        contact
      




























open menu
close menu
























                  home
                





                  contact
                






































































































































































































































“so many amazing things to say about bonnie and her team!”— kimberly k. 











 

djs for santa barbara wedding and special events



music by bonnie and co. has been providing music at thousands of weddings and other special events in and around santa barbara. our experience at nearly every santa barbara wedding venue ensures the best staging and acoustics possible for your wedding or other special events.






















our personalized dj service includes meeting with you to design your day and making sure your wedding reception or special event has only the best professional equipment and a dj with a tremendous amount of experience – and the same degree of enthusiasm.we promise to give you the benefit of our expertise.we promise to represent you well.we promise to look great.we promise you the best day ever!



we don't tell jokes, sing with the songs, or teach the macarena...we want people to leave your reception remembering how great the music was and how smooth it went -- not how obnoxious the d.j. was.if you’re having your ceremony at the beach, in the sunken gardens at the santa barbara courthouse or any other place that doesn’t have electricity, not to worry! we have an incredible battery-powered sound system that includes two microphones, inputs for live musicians and a laptop full of ceremony music options. 














meet the team










bonnie hope

music by bonnie founder"you have a wonderful style and did a perfect job picking the music and creating the atmosphere we wanted." – alyssa & dana











john morelli

santa barbara wedding and event dj“john was awesome! everyone loved the music and danced the night away!” – kathryn & dan


















our wedding djs work with you to make your day special



whether it is for dancing or ambience, music can make or break a special event. music by bonnie knows how to make your special day one that your guests talk about long after it has ended.we work with you create your timeline, choose your music and even meet at your venue! we work with many incredible industry pros, so if you need names of photographers, caterers, planners, etc., just ask!you can rest assured that when you hire music by bonnie & co., your party will have a friendly disc jockey who is dressed for the occasion and prepared to give you the best party ever!














what people are saying about music by bonnie

 

“our guests were treated to bonnie’s excellent dj skills. her music selection was fantastic, the dance floor stayed packed, and all our guests had a fabulous time.”(at rockwood women’s club)













— alaina s.



“bonnie was helpful and knowledgeable in so many ways for the whole year leading up to the wedding.”(at santa barbara club)













— susan w.



“she’s so competent at what she does, i always get to relax and enjoy the party!”(at elings park)













— meghan s.

 

she made it a really enjoyable experience actually planning the wedding, and when it came down to the day-of, she was amazing! she played great music and was on it if someone requested a specific song.(at roblar winery)













— anna d.

 

“all of bonnie’s djs are professional and personable. she is the master, of course, but rest assured that you will always get someone who is well-trained by bonnie, and who is amazing and talented.”(at montecito club)













— ann s.

 

“she took up the role of impromptu wedding planner also, and set up a schedule which made my life and my wedding day so much easier.”(at riviera mansion)













— kristin m.

  

i’m so glad we found music by bonnie. we were able to have great music at our ceremony and reception by dj larry! they were so great about meeting our expectations and i would recommend to anyone looking for dj services in the santa barbara area.(at rincon beach club)













— domi b

 

“what a fantastic job you did for our wedding! you are such a professional—smooth, guiding the evening while keeping a low profile, and super nice.”(at glen annie golf club)













— stephanie

  

so many amazing things to say about bonnie and her team! we were fortunate enough to have music by bonnie and dj melissa as a big part of our wedding. the music was beyond anything we could have ever dreamed of and was just perfect!(at santa barbara historical museum)













— kimberly k.































contact us.bonnie@musicbybonnie.com805-680-9187






















 








              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              event type and location
              
                *





              event date
              
            



mm





dd





yyyy





              how did you hear about us?
              
            

**choose one**
google search
social media
word of mouth/friend
wedding wire
the knot
referral







thank you!

















a dj music library for everyone



music by bonnie’s music library consists of music from every era, as well as various types of ethnic music. we subscribe to a music service that sends us new music on a daily basis. we’ll bring our complete library to your event, and will make sure we focus on your favorite artists and genres. we are also happy not to play any music you find offensive or just plain don’t like. if there’s something you want that we don’t have, we’ll buy it!











 

top 200 requestedsongs in 2023:download the 200 most requested song list from 2023 (pdf). this list from dj intelligence includes top songs from each decade.top 50 wedding chartsongs in 2023:• top 50 most requested first dances• top 50 most requested father daughter dances• top 50 most requested mother son dances• top 50 most requested wedding party dances• top 50 most requested bouquet toss songs• top 50 most requested garter toss songs• top 50 most requested cake cutting songs• top 50 most requested introduction songs• top 50 most requested last dances• top 50 most requested money dance songs• top 50 most requested ceremony processionals• top 50 most requested ceremony recessionals• top 50 most requested ceremony songsdownload the top 50 wedding chart song list from 2023 (pdf).














other services we offer for your dream wedding

 











photobooths



want to bring your wedding guests closer together? whether you are looking for a wedding photo booth or a party photo booth rental, we can take care of it.party guests are really enjoying photo booths as they are interactive, silly and provide a photo memory of your wedding or event. we currently offer open photo booths. our 3 and 4 hour photo booth packages are the most popular, as they can run the majority of a reception and allow everyone in on the fun.they both include:an open booth optiona friendly and professional attendantyour name and wedding/event date on each stripunlimited photo booth usage, which each image in color or black/whitean on-line service that allows you to download all imagesgreat props

 











uplighting & string lighting



wedding uplightinguplighting is a dramatic, cost-effective lighting technique for both indoor and outdoor events. choose either conventional up lights with a single color or use led up lights for a more saturated color palette and the ability to change the color scheme throughout the event, creating multiple looks and moods. led units also use significantly less electricity for those venues where power is limited and a generator may be out of your budget.string lights for weddings and other eventsstring lights, sometimes called bistro or market lights, are a simple yet elegant way to provide warm, intimate lighting for your entire reception space. try adding paper lanterns to add more depth and color. string lights are also a great addition to indoor spaces like ballrooms, barns and tents.
























wedding pros we trust



photographersthese photographers are responsible for the beautiful photography on this site.  we love working with them!kacie jean photographymichelle lauren photography rewind photographyby cherry photography alyssa ruby photographyamelie black photographyvideographers:patrick ang photographyscrap mediaflorists:kaleidoscopegrass roots pacwest bloomsella and louie flowersthe twisted twig tangled lotus florists



catererspure joy cateringcatering connectionrincon cateringomni cateringsavior fairecountry cateringattire:mission tuxedorentalsventura party rentalsamigo party rentals



coordinators:melissa youncetyler speier eventsdulce dia eventssanta barbara wedding coordinatoronce in a lifetime coastal rose events swell studio eventsofficiants:nanette mcintyremiriam lindbecklive music:tony ybarra (latin guitar)laurie rasmussen (harpist)on-site childcare:the little guest

















copyright 2023 | music by bonnie
































