





page, az - lake powell, antelope canyon, & horseshoe bend




































 













            where to stay
          


              all where to stay
            
hotels & resorts
camping & rv
pet-friendly places to stay
groups, events & meetings
lake powell
antelope canyon
horseshoe bend
grand canyon
monument valley
zion national park
lake powell houseboat rentals




            tours
          


              all tours
            
tours around page
antelope canyon tours
horseshoe bend tours
glen canyon dam tours
multi-destination tours
helicopter & plane tours




            things to do
          


              all things to do
            
attractions
slot canyons
boat & watercraft rental
guided river rafting trips
guided adventures
guided slot canyon trips




            day trips
          


              all day trips
            
lake powell
grand canyon
monument valley
zion national park
bryce canyon
antelope canyon from las vegas




            visitor info
          


              all visitor info
            
airports
shuttles & transportation
weather



 
 
 



















 
 
 





book your stay   |  
              explore 











page, az - lake powell, antelope canyon, & horseshoe bend

page, arizona is a gateway city to some of the most extraordinary attractions in the great southwest. still one of the best-kept secrets, page can serve as a base camp for your adventures to horseshoe bend, glen canyon dam, antelope canyon, river rafting down the colorado river, lake powell, and over ten other famous national and state parks. this locally appreciated town is starting to appear on the international map, and for good reason. page not only offers access to some of the most famous, iconic attractions in the southwest, but visitors can also benefit from knowledgeable tour guides, houseboat rentals, and shops equipped to outfit your self-guided expeditions. new city developments are on the horizon to make page, az even more visitor-friendly as guests from all over the world come to explore the area. but for now, this quaint and uniquely positioned city eagerly awaits to welcome those who make the trek to discover all it has to offer.
why visit page, az?
page, arizona is a beautiful destination that offers a wide variety of natural wonders and outdoor adventures. the one main great thing about page, az is that it is a perfect jumping point for all the things to do in the great american southwest! chances are that if you're researching page, then you're already interested in one of the many unique attractions here such as horseshoe bend, antelope canyon or lake powell.  if you're not quite sure what these are, here's a sneak peak:

lake powell: page is home to lake powell, one of the largest man-made lakes in the world. the lake is surrounded by stunning red rock formations and offers opportunities for boating, fishing, kayaking, and swimming.
antelope canyon: antelope canyon is a slot canyon known for its unique and beautiful rock formations. the canyon is a popular spot for photographers and sightseers.
horseshoe bend: horseshoe bend is a horseshoe-shaped bend in the colorado river that offers breathtaking views from a 1,000-foot cliff.
glen canyon dam: the glen canyon dam is an impressive engineering feat that created lake powell. visitors can take guided tours of the dam and learn about its history and operations.
outdoor adventures: page offers a wide variety of outdoor activities, including hiking, rock climbing, mountain biking, and more.

overall, page is a great destination for those who enjoy exploring the outdoors and appreciate natural beauty. whether you're seeking adventure or just want to relax and take in the stunning scenery, there's something for everyone in page. have you ever heard of the grand circle? the grand circle is the less-known name given to a cluster of over a dozen national parks in arizona, utah, new mexico, nevada, and colorado. they are near each other and make for one heck of a southwest road trip! natural treasures such as the grand staircase escalante, canyonlands, capitol reef, grand canyon, and arches national park are all part of the grand circle. so once you're done riving rafting down the grand canyon, exploring the beams of light in antelope canyon, and sunning on the deck of a houseboat at lake powell...just think, only 13 more national parks to explore immediately around you!
antelope canyon, horseshoe bend, lake powell, glen canyon & more!
did you know that you can go on multi-destination and even multi-day guided tours? if you're trying to get the most out of your time here, we strongly suggest you let the experts show you some hidden gems you might not have seen on instagram yet. the american southwest has so much to experience that it is impossible to experience it all in one visit.
check out these recommended expriences
multi-destinations tours
antelope canyon combo trips from las vegas
guided adventures: slot canyons and river trips
explore! here are some tours you might not have known about...




in the spotlight









maverick helicopter tours from las vegas »
the ultimate grand canyon aerial adventure.











horseshoe bend flightseeing tour »
departs from page, az











roam america horseshoe bend »
page, arizona’s newest campground!











arizona private tours »
customize your trip!















book your stay now



check in





check out








search













page hotels, cabins & vacation home rentals


 
















antelope point rv park & marina





                            0
                            / avg rate: $$
            
learn more »

 
















comfort inn & suites page at lake powell



              enjoy free breakfast, indoor hot tub, exercise room, and business center.
            

                            8.4
                            / avg rate: $$
            
learn more »

 
















roam america horseshoe bend



              start your adventure with a stay in our unique accommodations, from deluxe rv sites to modern cabin rentals.
            

                            9.8
                            / avg rate: $$
            
learn more »

 
















best western view of lake powell



              surrounded by views of the glen canyon rim, best western view of lake powell
            

                            7.9 from
              5423 reviews
                            / avg rate: $$
            
learn more »

 
















rodeway inn



              located downtown page just minutes from the colorado river and horseshoe bend.
            

                            7.0 from
              4894 reviews
                            / avg rate: $
            
learn more »

 
















courtyard marriott



              overlooking breathtaking glen canyon and the pristine waters of lake powell
            

                            8.1 from
              285 reviews
                            / avg rate: $$
            
learn more »

 

 
 








page tours, attractions, & things to do


 
















horseshoe bend air tour



              get your camera ready, discover even more impressive views from the sky aboard a helicopter tour!
            

                            9.6
                            / avg rate: $$
            
learn more »

 
















maverick helicopter tours from las vegas



              the ultimate grand canyon aerial adventure.
            

                            9.8
                            / avg rate: $$$$
            
learn more »

 
















antelope canyon and horseshoe bend tour



              spend a day visiting two of the most iconic landscapes in the american southwest.
            

                            9.5
                            / avg rate: $$
            
learn more »

 
















arizona private tours



              your completely customizable tour of northern arizona
            

                            10
                            / avg rate: $$$
            
learn more »

 
















grand canyon south rim, antelope canyon, horseshoe bend day tour from las vegas



              explore three of arizona's most visited natural wonders in one day
            

                            10
                            / avg rate: $$$
            
learn more »

 
















half day smooth water rafting trip



              great for all ages, enjoy a smooth ride on the colorado river to glen canyon dam.
            

                            5
                            / avg rate: $$
            
learn more »

 

 
 







our arizona travel sites

flagstaff
sedona
the canyon
grand canyon
prescott
oak creek cabins sedona


follow us


 facebook 





advertise with us
this collection of arizona travel websites is owned by southwest media communications. we've enjoyed over 20 years of working with everyone from small, locally owned businesses to international brand name services in effort to support tourism and local economic growth in the state of arizona.
if you'd like to advertise your business with us, please go to our southwest media communications website to learn more or schedule a call with us!



subscribe to our newsletter
sign-up for our newsletter to get the latest travel updates and special offers.


 get notified

affiliate disclsure
many or all of the products featured on this website are from our partners who compensate us. this may influence which products we write about and where and how the product appears on a page. however, it is our company’s mission to first support local businesses in our area and use affiliate links to fill in where we feel it will help our website visitors' overall online and irl experience.








 ©copyright 

  southwest media communications all rights reserved
        




terms & conditions     |
privacy policy  





 










