



































    limousine service | kon limousine services | cape cod
  













              kon limousine service



   
    home



  about



  reservation



  weddings



  airport transport



  nights out


   concerts



  sporting events



  bachelor & bachelorette





  prom



  reviews



  more...


   contact



  corparate


   corporate accounts



  destination management accounts





  terms and conditions














    
 





        kon limousine service

 serving cape cod and the islands since 1989

our mission statement 
whether business or pleasure, we will be prompt, professional​and always deliver you safely in style!
  

make a reservation

 (508) 428-5025

    


  


  







   



    we are cape cod's best of 2025!

thank you all for your support!



    




   
kon limousine, cape cod’s largest family owned limousine service, has been serving cape cod and the islands and south eastern new england since 1989. we are fully licensed and insured. our staff of highly skilled uniformed drivers provide our passengers with professional service of unparalleled quality.



   

 

  




   



    choose your car service

 
      

  wedding
  

button






    

  airport transportation
  

button







     

  concerts
  

button






    

  prom
  

button












    our reviews

take a look at what our customers are​saying about our car services!
  

more reviews


  




    we offer corporate services

   need a car service you can depend on for your business? set up a corporate account with us for efficiency and savings. we'll get you where you need to be on time with no hassle. it's quick, easy, and you'll save on rates. 

 we have been working with destination management companies since the 1989 and we have the ability to customize our service to your specific needs! to ensure perfection, let our experienced team of representatives assist in planning your event. 



     

set up a corporate account


   

destination management







    associations




      

 

 




    

 

 










      kon limousine services4075 falmouth rdosterville, ma 02655(508) 428-5025konlimousine@gmail.com
terms and conditions

 
a proud member and endorsed by nla (national livery association), nela (new england livery association) & osterville business & professional association

    


  


  





 






   copyright © 2024
kon limousine service
 | all rights reserved
 





   copyright © 2024
kon limousine service
 | all rights reserved
















































































































  
  share by:







please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility





