





marmalade skies












 




...thanks for your votes!!!...marmalade skies is primarily dedicated to british
          psychedelia of the 1960s, featuring some of the groups and
        films that appeared during this wonderful period of time. however, on
          occasion ms will also feature prog rock, folk-rock, glam-rock and any
          other type of rock that i fancy (seaside rock...mmmm!) in addition,
          expect the odd geographical deviation, e.g australasian psych.  all
          contributions are welcome. thanks for your support. hope you enjoy the
          trip.
        
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
thanks
          to everyone who voted in the 2nd tri-annual greatest british
          psychedelic pop song of all-time  poll! the results were
          broadcast on the rose coloured glasses  on 11th december
          2013. if you missed the show don't worry as it can be downloaded from
          the rcg playlist page. i haven't listed the results
          so as not to spoil the tension when you listen to the show! hope you
          enjoy it...and
          the previous poll show can still be downloaded too. just scroll down a
          little or go to the playlist pages (links below too)  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
marmalade
          skies is kind of 'on hold' for the present time as i don't have the
          time for major updates. however it will still be here for reference.
many
          thanks to everyone who sent in their votes to the ms greatest british
          psych-pop song of all time poll. i played the top 30 songs, plus a few
          more of the top choices on
          my show the lighthouse on sunday 12th december 2010 between 7 and 10pm
          (gmt) on a very, very small station.  if you missed the show,
          it can be downloaded here: http://rapidshare.com/files/436670357/lighthouse121210.rar 
for
          more downloads...scroll down a little for links...
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 rose coloured glasses
          is a show i present on dcr www.dovercommunityradio.co.uk 
friday
          nights 9pm-midnight or listen again via link on dcr web-site
playlists
          and recordings of the old rose coloured glasses shows are here
the
          old (2009) ms radio show playlists and some recordings are here
playlists
          and recordings of the lighthouse are here
the
          pmt show - recordings/ playlists are here
please
          note that the early show recordings regularly  suffer from infuriating
          cuts where the internet stream went down temporarily. 
anyone
          who's recently tried to download our trip to toytown set and been
          disappointed because the links are dead, please have a wee bit of
          patience as i have new links which will be shown here very soon. 
i've
          just added a page with pics from the official programme of the krumlin
          (yorkshire) festival of august 1970: here
seeing as the download of nsu by wages of sin has been so
          popular, i've added an mp3 file of the other side of the single, hey
          joe, to the wages of sin page
it's about time we had an ms page dedicated to the god of
          hellfire so i bring you (courtesy of nick warburton) the crazy world
          of arthur brown here,
          and don't forget the page dedicated to dream magazine legends svensk here
i'm
          still ploughing onwards with remember the times 2. i've reached
          february 1975. maybe it'll be finished this year. maybe not...
if
          you're a fan of music from the beat, psych, prog and acid-folk era
          (1963-76) then you'll certainly be interested in a fantastic new book
          "galactic ramble". where the "tapestry of
          delights" book dealt with facts and lists, "galactic
          ramble" gives opinions on the musical worth of hundreds of
          records that were released during this classic period for rock and
          folk music. over 500 pages packed with reviews both old--from vintage
          music papers--and new--from a panel of recognised experts and
          collectors, plus much more. it's edited by richard morten-jack of
          sunbeam records. details on how to obtain a copy are given in the spontaneous
          marmalade creation
don't forget to check
          out nick warburton's great podcast "turn me on dead man" here: http://www.turnmeondeadman.net/podcasts/nwsrm/ 
          and his website, which features many more great articles, including a
          new, updated piece on the penny peeps. go to http://www.nickwarburton.com/wordpress/ 
check
          out the spontaneous
          marmalade creation for details on how to buy a great "our
          technicolour dream" poster.
 meanwhile, of
          course, if anybody feels inspired then all contributions to ms are
          gratefully received. please
          send your comments to me at mick@capewells.co.uk
announcements,
          requests, news, complaints etc now appear on the  spontaneous
          marmalade creation (thanks arthur!)

just
          one final point though...please don't ask me if i have 'such and such'
          an lp in stock. marmalade skies is not a mail order firm. we do not
          sell records, compact discs, dvds or anything! in addition, i'm sorry
          but i can't make copies of the compilation albums mentioned on the
          site. i just don't have the time. try asking in the regal zonophone or
          cherry smash groups.

 
          
cheers,
          mick capewell




+ + last updated: monday, 30th mar
        1968 + + 

 






 search www  search
                    www.marmalade-skies.co.uk










 



british psych discussion


cherry smash
regal zonophone 



 




 







albums
1  2
compilations
rubble
tenth planet
strange things
wooden hill
singles 1 2
toffee sunday smash
picture gallery 1 2 3
record collector
vintage mags
top pops 



 









the attack
australian
          psych
the beatles 1 2
the bee gees
black
          widow/ pesky gee!
marc
        bolan & tyrannosaurus rex
caravan
clayton
squares
complex
crazy
world of arthur brown
elmer gantry
the end
episode six
the
favourite sons
felius andromeda
fire
1 
2
focal point
the fox
the hollies
the iveys



jason crest
jason's flock
kaleidoscope 1 2
mighty
          baby
mike stuart span
the move
new
          zealand psych
opal butterfly
pink floyd 1 2
the
        pretty things
the
          poets

          the
          she trinity
svensk
the symbols
tintern abbey
wages
        of sin
world of oz
the zombies







 







the mirror
the smoke
world of oz
films 1 2
blow up
wonderwall



 




        << click here >>
        a month by month look at the years between 1966-70
rtt
          2--continues the story from 1971-75




 






click
        on the above logo for our rundown of top toytown tunes. all 119 of them!
 




 





click the above logo
        for the ms hops index. these pages are still under construction.




 




sweet floral albion
          has moved, however you can still read new issues and also delve into
          the archive by clicking here
        sweet floral albion is a newsletter / fanzine devoted to
        uk psychedelia. 


coming soon-a new
          fanzine from the lovely people who brought you sfa. for more details
          e-mail lauras_garden@msn.com





 




sign the guestbook  view the guestbook 

please fill in
        the feedback form, i'd like to know what you would like
        to see on marmalade skies
ms was founded and
        originally edited by jim mcalwane
online since : 28th of november 1999
        marmalade skies is regularly updated and best viewed on
        internet explorer 6 at 800x600 pixels 
        please report any broken links or errors
        marmalade skies was born in northamptonshire,
        england, took a magic carpet ride down to canterbury, kent and now lives
          down by the seaside in herne bay, kent



please also visit these sites



kaleidoscope


mike stuart span


 



uk psych
        internet radio stations
'chocolate soup fm'
        chocolate soup (classic psychedelic pop, freakbeat and
        garage punk). tune in here
'spinning
        wheel'
harmony
        pop, toytown sike, osbcurites and curios. tune in here
'toffee
          sunday smash'

a
            new podcast playing 1960s uk pop and psychedelia is online now.


 requests
            and ideas more than welcome. click on the logo to tune in:


 
'the
          metaphysical circus'
join
          the eggman for a feast of  60s pop, lots of brit psych, psych
          from all over the world, prog, and anything 60s really! click on the
          link below:

the
            metaphysical circus - "an obscure oldies radio program"
            listen live, download/stream past shows, view playlists, etc
http://eggmanrulez.com/

 
psychedelic
          pete's underground freakout!
it is
          an eclectic mix of mid 60's to early 70's underground rock,
          specializing in psychedelia, garage, soul, freakbeat, frat rock,
          bubblegum, british blues and r&b, novelty records ,folk rock,
          psychedelic soul and blues etc.,etc., etc. to listen or download
          pete's shows click on the following link:
http://www.psychedelicpete.com/

        
         
          ready
          steady a go go:
          from merseybeat to mod!
it's
          a weekly program of nothing but the british invasion/the british beat
          era (1962-66)...from the beat bands to the mod miscreants, and
          everything in between (freakbeat, pop, r&b, etc.).
hits,
          flops, obscurities...top tier artists, also-rans, overlooked
          bands...simple rule: if it's british and 1960s and good, it's fair
          game!
http://nanker.podomatic.com/
 
nick
          warburton's sixties rock machine--turn me on dead man
nick
          warburton's sixties rock machine is a regular feature of "turn me
          on, dead man" on live365.com. nick is a uk-based freelance music
          journalist with an impressive record collection and he plays a host of
          sixties obscurities from all over the world. the show is broadcast on
          tuesdays at 3:00 pm (eastern time) and wednesdays at 9:00 am (eastern
          time). you can listen to podcasts of nick's shows using the link
          below.
http://www.turnmeondeadman.net/podcasts/nwsrm/

        
         
        
billy reeves' nostalgia
        of the future
http://nostalgiaofthefuture.podbean.com/
          - before they were famous..

some
            of your favourite pop stars and middle-of-the-road singers of the
            80s started their career in the 60s. so, for your edification martin
            horsfield has bought in some of these rare 45s - fledgling
            recordings, skeletons in the closet and early efforts - so we can
            have much fun guessing who's singing! martin is an old chum from
            those heady nme days of the 90s: and he plays this kind of bonkers
            45 at his stompin' club rock 'n' roll soul. so: thumbs in
            belt-loops, notepads out, earholes open - scratch that noggin and
            dance! billy reeves.


http://nostalgiaofthefuture.podbean.com/
            is a weekly podcast which will pop up on your itunes every week if
            you subscribe (for free) via the little purple icon on the right of
            the above website. or you can listen on your computer (just give it
            a minute to load). it's a bit silly, very groovy and much fun; and
            listening to it makes you immediately fashionable.


        
         
        
        


jason
        barnard's strange brew
http://thestrangebrew.co.uk/
a
        monthly themed podcast playing british rock music from the late 1960s to
        the early 1970s.
 

marrs
          bonfire's smart set

"the
            smart set" 8.00pm  - 10.00pm fridays on www.bayfm.co.uk in
            exmouth devon.


the
            show is in two sides like every good record
side
            one - 8.00pm to 9.00pm  60s garage and related.
side
            two - 9.00pm to 10.00pm 60s psych and related.


 web
            site  www.thesmartset2010.co.uk

tiffany lamps
        
           

 
<


 

disclaimer: 
marmalade
        skies is in no way connected to or involved with the
        production, distribution or sale of cds, cdrs, lp, 45s,
        etc. please do not ask. all releases on the pages
        are there for information purposes only. if you are offended
        by anything on the site, please let us know and we
        will remove it. thanks.
        it should also be noted that the opinions expressed
        in marmalade skies interviews & articles are the
        individual's own and should not be attributed to this
        site. some articles may be incorrect or outdated. its
        almost impossible to keep these things in order, so if you spot any
        mistakes or errors please contact us and we'll try to put them right!






 
          


 






 
  



