




warren custom outdoor products | unique made in usa products for the outdoorsman - welcome!





































phone: (234) 308-3935
  send email







home
mag-sparks™
one hole sights™


eezox®

general info
detailed info
all products
dealers
gift certificate

faqs
history



smokey's


other products

bright sights
fulton flashlights
rada knives
sure shot sprayers
takedown guides
woodman's pal
gift certificate



testimonials
policies















attention all customers !!!

					warren custom outdoor does not support the use of cheddite 209 primers in its mag-sparks. 
					the use of these primers will void any warranty provided by warren custom outdoor.
				





announcing 5 new products!
here's the first: the marlin one hole sight™ 2.0 ...
new and improved with a 25% larger aperture!






here's the 2nd: gift certificates ...






here's the 3rd:
eezox® ultimate gun care scl - synthetic choke lubricant






here are the 4th and 5th:
smokey's natural organic deer lure andsmokey's buck metatarsal gland lure






a note for our international customers:
we have updated our ordering system and procedures and
are now able to complete your order online - at any time of your choosing.

























































































warren custom outdoor
 
 
 





mag-spark™
manufactured by hubbard's outdoor products, mag-spark™ 
					is the most innovative improvement to muzzle loading since the rifled barrel. it fits your rifle in place of the percussion nipple and uses inexpensive, readily available shotgun primers for instant ignition of all types of propellant. 
					no more misfires, slow fires, or dangerous hang fires. shotgun primers provide abundant fire to burn the propellant charge-completely - every time!!!
				
another important feature of the shotgun primer is that it is made with a rim, making it impossible to be put in upside down or sideways. you can easily remove shotgun primer from the 
					mag-spark™, because of the rim feature.
made of aerospace grade stainless steel, the mag-spark™ features a hardened steel firing pin. the mag-spark™ is fully guaranteed, inexpensive, 
					easy to install, looks great and really works!!!









one hole sights™
the "one hole" aperture or 
					ghost ring sights relieve eye strain and allow you to shoot more accurately and faster than with your standard blade rear sight. dramatically improve your shooting without the weight and bulk of a scope.
developed and manufactured in the usa to exacting standards. these sights were extensively tested under actual field conditions to ensure that they will 
					perform as advertised.



announcing a new product!ruger one hole sight in stainless steel.for a limited time only.get yours before stock runs out!











eezox® premium synthetic lubricants

					warren custom outdoor is pleased to announce that we are dealers for eezox®, inc., the manufacturer of premium synthetic 
					lubricants used for guns, fishing reels, boats, cycles and chains. we have shipped this product over all over the us, canada, england, australia and new zealand. we take great pride in providing our customers with prompt and courteous 
					service and go out of our way to ensure our customers are completely satisfied with their purchase.
				
 
you can find a list of eezox® dealers on our eezox® dealer page.


 




more info...

eezox 1.5oz drip bottle




more info...

eezox 3oz spray can




more info...

eezox 4oz drip can




more info...

eezox 18oz spray can









smokey's deer lures & trapping baits

the only one that really works!

over 20 years of the highest quality

we have all you need — not only the calls, lures & baits which will ensure the best chances for your success in hunting, calling and trapping, but a dvd featuring 
					smokey himself demonstrating the correct way to use them.




























contact us
1568 larchmont ave ne, warren, oh 44483

(234) 308-3935


send email





featured products
mag-sparks™
one hole sights™
eezox®
smokey's lures & baits
rada knives
woodman's® pal


testimonials

eezox® testimonials
mag-sparks™ testimonials
one hole sights™ testimonials


company policies
our company policies cover the following areas:sales tax, guarantee, returns, privacy, damaged products and payment options.









					copyright © 1998 - 
					
warren custom outdoor - all rights reserved
				


for website related technical questions, please contact the webmaster.


website design by phase one website design & hosting.






















