

































































































































las vegas

pismo

silver lake




 





















welcome to sun buggy & atv fun rentals 


























welcome to sunbuggy




















you've found the original

- sunbuggy off road adventure company -

- atv tours and atv rentals -

- utv tours and utv rentals -

- dune buggy tours and dune buggy rentals -

often imitated, but never duplicated

sunbuggy is where you get to drive a real specialized dune buggy!

(no bs! they're not just store bought utvs that we call dune buggies!!!)

		 

as seen on over 50 tv shows around the world! don't be duped by wanna-bees, the best off road adventure tour experience is at sunbuggy! with the best record in the off road atv tour and dune buggy rental industry for 15+ years running and the happiest customers anywhere, sunbuggy is the worlds most amazing off road adventure tour company!  our rental fleet has the widest selection of atvs, utvs, and high desert chase buggies, and of course dune buggies that seat 1, 2, 4,  or even 6 people! there's something just your speed at sunbuggy - you can rent an atv and go explore on your own, take a leisurely off road tour with an experienced guide, or go beyond your typical off road tour and engage in a high intensity chase. plus, with the largest fleet of custom off road tour vehicles anywhere in the known universe (seriously 500+ vehicles!) and a huge dedicated full time staff (now over 100 great people to help you thrill!).

			 


sunbuggy has the facilities to host amazing corporate events for groups of up to 1,000 people!

		 

just imagine you and your co-workers engaged an afternoon or evening of dune buggy racing! suitable for ages 4 to 104, our vehicles can seat anywhere from just 1 person all the way up to 8 and 9 seat family buggies!

			 

beyond just the best vehicles and locations, sunbuggy off road tours and rentals has the best service and prices.
			our staff loves what we do and it shows, come to where you're certain to feel welcomed! convenient online booking that's secure and even mobile friendly (book on a tablet or smartphone!), or just call us and a live person is ready to help - 24 hours a day!  you won't find better value than you do at sunbuggy, if anyone is claiming lower prices you're just not getting a comparable experience!


		 

whether it's a family vacation, birthday, bachelor party/stag do, an escape for you and your loved one, or a corporate event for some incredible team building, you're at the right place. 


choose your desired location and browse the list of available off road vehicle rentals and off road tour options

			 




las vegas, nevada

atv tours

utv tours

dune buggy tours

the mini-baja chase

 


pismo beach, california

atv rentals

utv rentals

dune buggy rentals



silver lake dunes, michigan
 

 atv rentals

utv rentals

dune buggy rentals










