










home - zirtek uk




































































 
 








 







 








home
products
hints & tips
contact
home
products
hints & tips
contact
 












 









 








































zirtek relieves hayfever and year-round allergies 



zirtek allergy relief is an antihistamine that helps relieve sneezing, congestion, itchy watery eyes, and skin rashes. with zirtek on your side you can take the hayfever season in stride!once-a-day (over 12 years of age) zirtek allergy relief helps relieve the symptoms of pollen and grass allergies that occur in the summer, like hayfever, and ones that are more common in winter, like house dust, mould and pet allergies. it also offers relief from the symptoms of hives. zirtek allergy relief is non-drowsy in most people and it’s available in two formats: tablets and liquid. 











 



proven relief at the recommended dosage 







 



once-a-day (over 12 years of age) 







 



non-drowsy in most people 


















shop now*







 











 



zirtek allergy relief​ 



tablets 



zirtek allergy relief can improve the quality of life for people with hayfever and year-round allergies, also relieving the symptoms of hives. each zirtek allergy relief tablet provides relief from all the symptoms of hayfever for up to 24 hours and is suitable for adults and children aged 6 years and above. it is available in packs of 7 or 30 tablets. 







7 pack 






shop now*











30 pack 






shop now*














read more (6+ years)*















 



zirtek allergy relief for children 



liquid 



zirtek allergy relief for children is formulated for children with hayfever, year-round allergies or hives. it’s a banana-flavoured liquid, which makes it easy to take for those who have difficulty with tablets. suitable for ages 6 years and above, zirtek allergy relief for children is available in a 70ml bottle. 










shop now*














read more*



















zirtek allergy solution 



liquid 



in addition, zirtek allergy solution is available in a 200ml bottle from the pharmacy for children aged 2 years and above. 






read more (2+ years)*



















 



*by clicking on these links, you will be directed to an external platform that is neither, owned, managed or endorsed by ucb pharma ltd. 











 







what is hayfever? 



hayfever is a very common condition in the uk. in fact, a recent research study found around 49% of people reported suffering with hayfever symptoms. sufferers react to the airborne allergens produced by pollen from trees, grass and weeds that appear in the spring and summer months and winter allergens such as those from dust, mould and pets, affecting both adults and children.medically it is called seasonal allergic rhinitis when it appears in the spring and summer months and perennial allergic rhinitis when it happens all year. studies have shown it can affect quality of life, impair concentration, and disturb sleep.whether your allergy symptoms appear in the summer or year-round, we have a range of products that can help you take control. 











gb-zi-2300020 











 














zirtek allergy film-coated tablets (6+), zirtek allergy relief film-coated tablets (6+), zirtek allergy relief for children oral solution (6+) and zirtek allergy solution oral solution (2+) contain cetirizine dihydrochloride. always read the leaflet.zirtek is for the relief from itchy watery eyes, blocked or runny nose and sneezing caused by hayfever and winter allergens such as dust, pets and moulds as well as allergic itchy skin rashes (hives).medical disclaimer: the information provided herein should not be used during any medical emergency, or for diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. please consult your doctor or pharmacist if you have any questions regarding your condition. 







adverse events should be reported. reporting forms and information can be found at www.mhra.gov.uk/yellowcard.
adverse events should also be reported to ucb pharma ltd at ucbcares.uk@ucb.com or 0800 2793177 











references are available upon request. 



ucb pharma ltd208 bath roadslough, berkshire, sl1 3weemail: ucbcares.uk@ucb.comtel: 01753 777 100 









    











 









privacy policy cookie policyterms of use 



privacy policy  |  cookie policy  |  terms of use 



cookie settings › 



gb-zi-2300011 











 














































