




collector's guide to d.freemont swiss watches










 
 

			collector's guide
limited 
			production watches  
			produced from 1995 - 2020
information on 
			every d.freemont watch ever produced. 
 
 
 




 identification 
				and specs  


quick links - d.freemont watches
acugraph 
				series
airbatic
				

				ancyent marinere
barcelona 
				series
basel series
				
betsy 
				ross
black gold
				
blue dial 
				chrono
boston 
				tea party btp
celtic
				
cn tower 
				m5v 2t6

				commemorative 100
daytona
				

				doctor's watch
expose i
				
expose ii
				
ganymede
				
incabloc
				
irish 
				watch

				ladies gold plated skeleton
laguna 
				seca
miami
				
mt. 
				palomar series
nawcc
				
new 
				yorker
niagara
				
one of a 
				kind watches

				panama
patrick 
				henry

				precision automatic
prescott
				
purell
				

				regulator

				rockefeller center series
rodeo 
				drive 90212 series
santorini
				

				sapphire power reserve series

				semi-skeleton 16601 ss
texan
				

				unitas skeleton

				voyager
westwatch
				



click the 
				drop down arrow, select the watch model and then click go.
 










 


			 









collector's guide to d.freemont 
      watches
			available on amazon: 
			
click here
8 1/2" x 11" paperback, full color.
contains the 
      specifications, production numbers, and unique identifiers to aid the watch collector in determining authenticity.
      		it includes reprinted press reviews from the editors of iw,
			watchtime and about time magazines

about 
			d.freemont





late 
            in the 1980’s d.freemont found his vintage collection of 40 years 
            began to pose a problem when the family decided to move to a new 
            home. david had accumulated nearly 2000 vintage watches, parts and 
            pieces which supported his hobby of watch restoration. perhaps it 
            was time to reduce the collection.

            at this time the internet in its early stages had not supported the 
            now famous auction and collector’s sites of today. being a member of 
            the nawcc and attending the various shows and swap meets dedicated 
            to watch collectors – david decided to begin selling rather than 
            buying more watches. now, actively selling at shows, and the current 
            popular internet outlets, reduced his vintage collection to a few 
            hundred of his most prized pieces. this reduced the burden of moving 
            the collection to the new residence but sparked david’s interest in 
            continuing this hobby turned business.

            over the years david had made many valued friends in the swiss watch 
            industry. having seen the interest in the mechanical watches grow, 
            it lit a fuse in his design background. now retiring from the sae 
            and his other business commitments, david found that many mail order 
            and private companies liked to put their name on their own watches – 
            called private labeling. the opportunity expanded but in a direction 
            that didn’t scratch the innovative itch david has always embraced. 
            the private label market was depressing… the emphasis on quartz and 
            low prices drained the innovative spirit from david. about to 
            abandon the quartz only watch customers and go into producing 
            mechanical watches with his own name, susie, his daughter suggested 
            a watch for the beverly hills chamber of commerce. that was the last 
            quartz watch for d.freemont – it became the rodeo drive reference # 
            90212 (the zip code for beverly hills). there was a redeeming side 
            to this project – it was the association of a famous place, or event 
            to promote a watch. 

            david’s philosophy in watch design centered around making the watch 
            say something besides the time. the adherence to classic style 
            coupled with an engaging event or magical location… like the early 
            rodeo drive 90212, supporting the wearers identity with that 
            prestigious and famous square mile. the watch became an identity as 
            well as a time piece. using the success of identity transference, 
            the next watch was the rockefeller center 10111… then came the mt. 
            palomar 92010, the hoover dam 89006, etc. spinning the associated 
            fame and history of these locations into the watch design became the 
            d.freemont mantra. the collector will notice that the numeral seven 
            (7) is exchanged with the d.freemont logo “df” a reminder that (7) 
            is considered gods number – on the seventh day god rested. there is 
            also the second most asked question about the use of the bird ( 
            albatross ) symbol on some of d.freemont watches – this is a 
            reminder to be kind to man, beast and bird alike, a symbol of 
            freedom which d.freemont embraces. 

            david’s literary soul and enjoyment of the classics and poetry, 
            works from robert frost, carl sanberg, keats and samuel coleridge 
            captured his imagination. the coleridge poem, “the rhyme of the 
            ancyent marinere” was also one of his mother’s favorites. she 
            reintroduced the poem to david and he saw the path for a series of 
            watches known as the ancyent marineres. there were a total of 900 
            ancyent marineres produced, the original, the panama, the voyager 
            and the regulator. this series really established david as a master 
            designer and contributor to the horological history. in the year 
            2000 the nawcc commissioned david to design a limited production 
            piece for the 2000 national convention in philadelphia – it was a 
            gold chronograph – number one is a permanent part of the display in 
            the nawcc museum at columbia, pennsylvania. 

            commerative pieces became another of david’s specialties, like the 
            celebration of the 100 years of flight. using a similar design from 
            the 1950’s, the 100 yr of flight commeratives were launched. another 
            distinctive point that enhanced the collectible interest in 
            d.freemont was the use of serial numbers assigned to each watches. 
            the fascination with mechanical watches had david going back to the 
            skeleton watch design he had put on a back burner at about the time 
            of the rodeo drive watch. not sure how a skeleton watch would be 
            accepted – david introduced the expose. this was a very big step 
            producing 300 skeleton watches without having tested the interest of 
            the watch buyers – it was shortly after advertising the expose in 
            “watchtime” and “international watch” magazines that the truth was 
            known – watch buyers loved the expose and quickly sold it out… then 
            a replacement, the expose ii ,was launched. collectors again showed 
            strong interest in these revealing mechanical watches. 

            david, having created many interesting and pleasing watches, 
            personally believes that his best work lies in the santorini and 
            recent watch, the “airbatic”. here again it is a commerative to the 
            great aviation pioneer, steven fossett. it connects david’s interest 
            in flying and his early training in a forerunner of the citrabia to 
            the aviation greats of the current era. at this time david is 
            considering a commerative to the nearly unknown female pilot, beryl 
            markham, who was the 1st woman to fly solo across the atlantic in 
            1937. the santorini is a capsule of history surrounding the aegean 
            sea – known for its magnificent sunsets – david devised a special 
            method of coloring a stainless steel case to reflect the effects of 
            great heat coming from that caldron that is now santorini island.

            at this time david’s most pressing urge is to reflect on those past 
            20 years of work and establish a record of achievement and 
            contribution to horology in this collectors guide.


collector's guide to d.freemont 
      watches
			available on amazon: 
			
click here
8 1/2" x 11" paperback, full color.
contains the 
      specifications, production numbers, and unique identifiers to aid the watch collector in determining authenticity.
      		it includes reprinted press reviews from the editors of iw,
			watchtime and about time magazines
       









 











home |
			
			books | 


			articles 
| paintings 
			| 

			duck collection | 

watch 
			repair | 

customer reviews 
			| 


			contact us
 
 
 



copyright 2021, david 
			f. mccready




