





home - roffs™






















































































  

























 
















(321) 723-5759fishing@roffs.comdownloadsmy accountlost passwordproduct has been added to your cart.logincartordersdownloadsaccount detailsaddresseslost passwordcreate accountorder analysesnortheastern u.s.gulf of mainehudson to powellhudson to norfolknorfolk to hatterassoutheastern u.s.point to cape fearcape lookout to georgetowncape fear to jacksonvillejacksonville to hillsborost. catherine’s to jacksonvillebahamasmiami to florida keyscubagulf of mexicoapalachee bay to bullwinkletampa to tortugastexas to bullwinkleinternationalcabo san lucasvip plansdiscounted plansservicesrecreational fishing analysestournament winnersrecord setterscommercial fishing analysesresearch & environmentaloil & gastestimonialsroffs news reelartist of the yearroffs eventstournament calendarphotosfishing reports/photos – online submissionarticlesfeatured videosroffs meanderingsrates & hoursaboutpartnersfaqscontactinformation requestroffs terms & conditionsadvertising contact


quality analyses for success on the water: trusted analyses, proven resultsroffs™ is a field proven & time tested service providing fishing forecasting analyses.logincreate accountvip plansdiscounted plansorder analyses now!



welcome toroffs™ is a scientific consulting company based in west melbourne, florida (u.s.a.) that is involved with fisheries oceanography, environmental science, and satellite remote sensing.recreational fishing analysestime and fuel costs are always important considerations when fishing. roffs™ will show you where the fish are located before you leave the dock and while fishing by sending you the most comprehensive interpretive oceanographic analysis for fishing. we will put you on the fish!
read more
commercial fishing analysestime and fuel costs are always important considerations when fishing. roffs™ will show you where the fish are located before you leave the dock and while fishing by sending you the most comprehensive interpretive oceanographic analysis for fishing. we will put you on the fish!
read more
oil & gasroffs™ provides a variety of services including oceanographic analyses and forecasts in support of the oil and gas industry including rig site and eddy/current monitoring.
read more
research & environmentalroffs™ remains active within the national and international science community and continues to be engaged in nasa, noaa, ioos and other research projects ranging from ecosystem based fisheries management to ocean monitoring for environmental protection and homeland security
read more


stop guessing now. we believe that every fishing trip is important to have the information necessary to significantly increase your chances of having a productive fishing trip.
rates & hoursroffs™ current office hours – monday through friday 9 am – 5 pm (order by 2 pm est – may stay open later based on demand), saturday closed. please click below for more information on our current rates.
discounted plansvip plansrates & hours

“i couldn’t thank you guys enough for the roffs report last saturday. it was point on. i’ve never had that many wahoo strikes in my entire life.”
fred wainio – sleigh ride
view all testimonialsdo our analyses make a difference?our clients still tell us that they fish our roffs™ hot spot selections and catch fish 85% of the time with plenty more fish when the conditions are particularly good.
we are the difference makers
four world records
one bahamas record
one u.s. overall record
one gulf of mexico record
26 state records

view more record settersroffs™ news reel 

february 5, 2025atlantic bluefin tuna retention limits revert to default limits on jan. 1 



february 5, 2025top-rated foul-weather gear for offshore fishing 



february 5, 2025come see roffs™ at the 2025 discover boating miami international boat show – electronics room – booth mb3116 




 
view all news











roffsfishing
roffs™ is a scientific consulting company based in melbourne, fl that is involved with fisheries oceanography. #roffsfishing @roffsfishing








come see roffs™ at the 2025 discover boating mia






be sure to check out our youtube channel for our l






be sure to check out our youtube channel for our l






roffs is in mobile, al, tomorrow for another stop 






join roffs™ for the viking vip event held at the


 





be sure to check out our youtube channel for our l






be sure to check out our youtube channel for our l






tranquil tuesday: roffs™ analysts caught this sh
 





be sure to check out our youtube channel for our l






be sure to check out our youtube channel for our l



 


load more...






 follow on instagram










60 westover drive, west melbourne, fl 32904
(321) 723-5759 | fishing@roffs.com
facebooktwitterinstagramyoutubeemail (required) *select list(s) to subscribe toroffs web example: yes, i would like to receive emails from roffs™. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: roffs™, feedback@roffs.com. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact
2025 © roffs™ | all rights reserved.facebooktwitterinstagramyoutube

 menu









 




















