







home - tmac




































































skip to content












homeaboutnist mepnnour processservicestexas manufacturing networktmac assessmentsadvance manufacturing technologiesbusiness and growth strategycybersecurityenvironmentallean manufacturinglean six sigmaoperational excellencequality management systemssupply chainworkforceregionsnorth texas – metroplex hosted by the university of texas at arlington (uta)east central hosted by texas a&m engineering extension service (teex)gulf coast hosted by the university of houston-clear lake (uhcl)paso del norte hosted by the university of texas at el paso (utep)south central hosted by the southwest research institute (swri)south texas hosted by the university of texas rio grande valley (utrgv)southeast hosted by lamar universitywest texas hosted by texas tech universitydonatenewseventscontact us






contact us

















texas manufacturing network


learn more









assessments








services overview








success stories








nist mepnn











economic impact
tmac based on surveys in fy2023



386
total increased / retained sales


3,669
total increased / retained jobs


$486.8m
new client investments


$296.7m
cost savings









trusted by


















who is tmac

tmac works with manufacturers to accelerate their profitable growth by developing and improving profits, products, processes, technologies and people.

learn more













we are a team of business and technology experts
our business advisors meet with you at your facility to discuss what issues your business is facing – we want to know what keeps you up at night, and what excites you and brings you in each morning. we listen to your concerns so that we can create a customized plan of action and work with you to implement the actions for real results.
meet our team






we live by our values







accountability

we take full responsibility for every action we take.








integrity

we do what we saywe’re going to do.








results drive

we strive for measurableoutcomes in all we do.








relational

we value connections and putpeople over profit.











schedule yourno-cost assessment
get help with what is preventing your growthand get unstuck.


schedule a call
view events









































as a nist mep approved center, tmac is the official representative of the mep national network in texas.









homeaboutservicesregionsdonate/sponsornewseventscareerscontact us






contact info






7300 jack newell blvd. sfort worth, tx 76118









(800) 625-4876





employee portal
salesforce








 

























