


business - for sale ads - classifieds - online marketplace




























 login
 join free!


		        	   





 










home
listings
search
login
signup





 

business - for sale ads - classifieds - online marketplace
		business nation is an online marketplace for commercial business classified advertising listings & resources
	 
buy and sell » business - franchise - opportunity - real estate - assets - inventory - used equipment - commercial vehicles



 
join as » business buyer - investor - seller - broker - professional - consultant - service provider
signup free




 




business for sale, opportunities, commercial properties, used equipment, commercial vehicles ...
	buy and sell - business for sale, franchise, biz opportunities, website for sale, website apps, commercial real estate & properties for sale, farms & land for sale, loan & financing offers.  new free online classified marketplace listings in office space for rent & lease, used commercial vehicles, used business equipment, ip & patents, liens & notes, water rights, mining, gas-oil wells & rights, liquor licenses, events, shows, startup, small business services, professionals directory & resources.


 

  




 businesses for sale





 business opportunities





 apps & websites for sale





 closed businesses for sale





 inventory & assets for sale





 shelf & shell companies for sale

 



 land for sale





 commercial properties for sale





 space for rent & lease





 rights for sale





 licenses & permits for sale





 ip & patents for sale

 



 investment-financing





 commercial vehicles for sale





 used equipment for sale





 small business services





 directory





 wanted ads

  



 
new marketplace listings









coastal socal turnkey distillery for sale

$350,000 
 new 



 oceanside california usa						


in 2018, the distillery proudly produced its first barrel of bourbon, marking the inception of a leg...


in 2018, the distillery proudly produced its first barrel of bourbon, marking the inception of a legacy of excellence in the spirits industry. since then, the business has become synonymous with quality and craftsmanship. the distillery has received ... 

 manufacturing







					         















surplus lines insurance agency for sale

$1,275,000 
 new 



 camarillo california usa						


this agency presents an exceptional acquisition opportunity for a buyer seeking to expand in the nic...


this agency presents an exceptional acquisition opportunity for a buyer seeking to expand in the niche market of surplus lines with a well-established foundation. founded in the mid-1960's, the agency has built a stellar reputation for serving an edu... 

 financial







					         















elite fl general contractor and architect

 
 new 



  florida usa						


for sale is an elite commercial general contractor and architectural firm that is 85% referral-based...


for sale is an elite commercial general contractor and architectural firm that is 85% referral-based, does next to no marketing (other than through the company website) and has traditionally maintained 25%+ profit margins! primed for growth in 2025, ... 

   building contractors contracting heavy construction 
 construction







					         










 
more business classified listings






















 





























a unique concept pizzeria

 




 los angeles california usa						


a 100% absentee operated, turn key pizzeria located on a busy street in a prime location next to a h...


a 100% absentee operated, turn key pizzeria located on a busy street in a prime location next to a high foot traffic starbucks is available for sale. 

   pizza 
 food







					         















variety/hardware/home improvement store

$2,900,000 




  oklahoma usa						


a lucrative retail establishment specializing in hardware and home improvement products, situated in...


a lucrative retail establishment specializing in hardware and home improvement products, situated in the southeastern region of oklahoma, presents a compelling business opportunity. price reduced! this incredible opportunity awaits an ambitious entre... 

   general variety hardware 
 retail







					         















private label swimsuit brand for sale

$400,000 




 huntington beach california usa						


this private label swimwear company has experienced impressive growth due to its commitment to quali...


this private label swimwear company has experienced impressive growth due to its commitment to quality and innovation. specializing in comfortable, reversible swimsuits for all body types, the brand uses premium, sustainable fabrics to meet the deman... 

 manufacturing







					         















reliable digital commercial printing business

$680,000⇩ 




  north dakota usa						


price reduced! with this choice opportunity, the sky's the limit! check out this extremely popular a...


price reduced! with this choice opportunity, the sky's the limit! check out this extremely popular and well-established digital-commercial printing business that has been successfully serving south-western north dakota for over 45 years. the business... 

   printing copy 
 business service







					         















new sustainable fuel company with greenfield locat

$5,000,000 




  texas usa						


a new start-up with an experienced management team specializing in project development and sustainab...


a new start-up with an experienced management team specializing in project development and sustainable fuels production utilizing traditional feedstock through various unique process solutions. producing d2 diesel and jet a jet fuel integrated with z... 

 energy & resource







					         















vital automotive parts and service shop

$4,999,000 




  wyoming usa						


with this choice opportunity, the skys the limit! this is truly a turn-key operation!! this is a we...


with this choice opportunity, the skys the limit! this is truly a turn-key operation!! this is a well-known automotive parts and service shop established in 1993. this shop offers an excellent selection of top-quality brand-name parts and automotive... 

   auto auto repair 
 automotive







					         















trusted hvac/plumbing & mechanical

$2,950,000 




  kansas usa						


no investors, please! owneroperators only! this is an essential, trusted, and reputable hvac, plumbi...


no investors, please! owneroperators only! this is an essential, trusted, and reputable hvac, plumbing, and mechanical systems business located in northeastern kansas. the company has continued to profit even through covid! the existing owner owns th... 

   construction hvac plumbing 
 cleaning & maintenance







					         















meat processing business

$295,000 




  nebraska usa						


established in the 1940s, this processing facility has been successful and profitable, and has beco...


established in the 1940s, this processing facility has been successful and profitable, and has become a mainstay of its community. located in northwest nebraska, in the heart of livestock production area, this facility processes cattle and hogs, and... 

   food processing 
 food







					         















full service veterinary clinic including two locat

$1,300,000 




  iowa usa						


this is a profitable well established animal clinic that has 2 locations just 18 miles apart and bot...


this is a profitable well established animal clinic that has 2 locations just 18 miles apart and both are in north eastern iowa. they care for house pets and companion animals as well as livestock. with the business locations just 18 miles apart ther... 

   veterinary 
 pet







					         















full service motorcycle and atv service center

$425,000 




  colorado usa						


this garage is a full service center for all motorsports needs located in central colorado. they per...


this garage is a full service center for all motorsports needs located in central colorado. they perform scheduled maintenance, expert diagnostics, and repairs on just about all motorsports vehicles. they also work on custom builds as well as restora... 

   motorcycle atv 
 automotive







					         















thriving insulation business

$1,225,000 




  north dakota usa						


this is an impeccable insulation business located in north-eastern north dakota. this is a proven bu...


this is an impeccable insulation business located in north-eastern north dakota. this is a proven business with a strong reputation for excellence in all of the work done. the owners would like to hand their business over to an energized entrepreneur... 

   insulation 
 construction







					         















trendy custom retail hat shop

$220,000 




  arizona usa						


a highly advantageous opportunity presents itself with the sale of a glass and window business in so...


a highly advantageous opportunity presents itself with the sale of a glass and window business in southwestern arizona! established in 1994 in the southwestern region of arizona, this thriving glass and window enterprise has distinguished itself by s... 

   building contractors contracting custom 
 construction







					         















coastal socal turnkey distillery for sale

$350,000 
 new 



 oceanside california usa						


in 2018, the distillery proudly produced its first barrel of bourbon, marking the inception of a leg...


in 2018, the distillery proudly produced its first barrel of bourbon, marking the inception of a legacy of excellence in the spirits industry. since then, the business has become synonymous with quality and craftsmanship. the distillery has received ... 

 manufacturing







					         















authentic italian bistro

$750,000⇩ 




  texas usa						


there is a highly profitable chance to purchase a well-regarded, high-end italian restaurant busines...


there is a highly profitable chance to purchase a well-regarded, high-end italian restaurant business located in northeastern texas. price reduced! price is negotiable! don't miss out on this incredible opportunity to soar to new heights! this fully ... 

   restaurant italian restaurants 
 restaurant & bar







					         















proprietary organic plant based pizza dough compan

 




 cleveland ohio usa						


this established llc is offering its proprietary organic dough mixture for sale. trademark is in pla...


this established llc is offering its proprietary organic dough mixture for sale. trademark is in place. creatorowner is a life-long baker, and began experiencing health related gut issues, as millions of people do. in response, she embarked on a rese... 

 manufacturing







					         










1 2 3 > »








 
 

	disclaimer: business for sale, opportunities, online marketplace listings on this website are classified ads posted by a business owner, broker, dealer, agent or by an individual and  the website is not responsible for authenticity of information, nor the website has verified, the information posted in ads or the advertisers and users posting those ads.  by using this website or the advertiser contact form within individual listings, you assume the responsibility for verification of information, pricing and other details and for any communication or transactions you may conduct with the advertiser.  this website is not involved with any transactions.
	



upto $1000 bonus cash back





canada listings
costa rica listings
uae listings
uk listings
usa listings

alabama listings
alaska listings
alberta listings
arizona listings
arkansas listings
british columbia listings
california listings
colorado listings
connecticut listings
florida listings
georgia listings
guanacaste listings
hawaii listings
idaho listings
illinois listings
indiana listings
iowa listings
kansas listings
louisiana listings
maine listings
maryland listings
massachusetts listings
michigan listings
minnesota listings
missouri listings
montana listings
nebraska listings
nevada listings
new hampshire listings
new jersey listings
new mexico listings
new york listings
north carolina listings
north dakota listings
ohio listings
oklahoma listings
ontario listings
oregon listings
pennsylvania listings
québec listings
rhode island listings
south carolina listings
south dakota listings
tennessee listings
texas listings
utah listings
virginia listings
washington listings
washington-dc listings
west midlands listings
west virginia listings
wisconsin listings
wyoming listings
anchorage listings
atlanta listings
austin listings
bartlett listings
boca raton listings
boston listings
chandler listings
charleston listings
chicago listings
cody listings
costa mesa listings
denver listings
detroit listings
dripping springs listings
houston listings
indianapolis listings
irvine listings
kansas city listings
kansas city listings
los angeles listings
milwaukee listings
nashua listings
nashville listings
new york city listings
oklahoma city listings
palm springs listings
phoenix listings
sacramento listings
saint louis listings
salt lake city listings
san diego listings
san francisco listings
san jose listings
santa monica listings
scottsdale listings
tampa listings
tempe listings
toronto listings
tucson listings

small business for sale
franchise business for sale
private companies for sale
business properties for sale
commercial buildings for sale
remote business for sale
unique businesses for sale
affordable business to buy
profitable business for sale
local business for sale
established business for sale
established website for sale
restaurants for sale
retail stores for sale
gas station c store for sale
online store for sale
small business nation
commercial broker leads
sell small business online





 

 

 





		© 1998-2025, business nation ® terms ¤ privacy policy


contact ¤ share    press ctrl+d
			






