




independent computer retailers (icr) pty ltd























icr

homeaboutworkshop

contact
tkt
webmail










serving the darling downs region and beyond
we are team of it implementors with a rich experience base in electronic integrations, and customisations both on hardware and 
          software levels.



read more



















integrators, designers, builders, solution-providers.

                like you, we are individuals, and used to understanding a broad range of individual needs.  we hope to be the *fit* into your it needs, as a supplier and advisor, 
                to help you achieve success.
              

              from our humble beginings in platz street, toowoomba, through expansive growth in our 450sqm warehouse in alderley street during the 1990's, 
              to purchasing our own building in harristown in 2006, icr has built and developed a solid reputation for reliability and professional excellence for over 3 decades.

				yes, 2024 is our 33rd year in business!
              


read more













our core values





understanding
liasing with people of different backgrounds, and expertise in it, we strive to understand our clients needs, and provide the best bang-for-buck solution.
              





technology
with access to the latest technologies in gaming and business computing, we can find the right product for you.
              





delivery
with a core team specialising in emergency repair, we strive to fulfill delivery needs, and operational requirements.  
              











years in business




hours worked each day




kms covered




tp used in covid








what do we have to offer






locally owned and operated




full workshop facilities





experience "outside the box"





24hr support





cloud integrations





technology / pbx / internet communications




 



solutions


pc supply & repair 
communications 
corporate support 




icr is a leading retailer of many high performance solutions for home, soho, and corporate implementations.  
                we can build a machine to your requirements, whether it be; a student or home/office pc, a gaming powerhouse, a secure point-of-sale (pos), a multi-rack server, 
                or a state-of-the-art home theatre control system.

excellent range, suited for your needs

common brands, or the customer built solution, talk to us about individual requirements.

stock of current and hard-to-find components

as icr has been an active retail supplier for over 20 years, in a range of industry areas, we are pleased to be able to offer in-depth knowledge and supply for mission critical componentry and hard-to-source technologies.

our experience in commodore64, amiga, sun microsystem, apple, pc and server class machines is unmatched in today's retail market. ask us today, how to upgrade and integrate your hardware idea, into a functional and practical computing experience.



need to get the message from a to b? talk to us, and secure your solution now.
telephony hardware
personal, business or dect based sip phones and asociated hardware.
sip trunks
whether it is for incidental use, or corporate fix-rate lines, speak to us about suitable strategies and plans.
pbx integrations
finding it hard to migrate from your old analog or digital pabx solution, talk to us about in-house or hosted pbx solutions.
video conferencing / webrtc
setup and manage your business meetings with simple point and click solutions.
email accounts
webmail


even very small businesses and many individuals run sophisticated computer networks, not just the corporate giants. 
                this wide range of use, has brought an ever-increasing need for qualified and capable system and network administrators. 
                no automated tool can replace a trained support professional, but quality human support is labor intensive and expensive.
                many companies have discovered that outsourcing of these functions to a team of dedicated professionals offers a cost-effective means of providing top-level human it support. 
                we offer unparalleled transparency, capability, and dedication to meeting the unique needs of your business.

                all-inclusive service contracts
regular site visits, automated reporting, remote-access support are just some of the features that can be built into a personalised service and 
                support contract, where the focus is on the customer's priority of deliverables.
master it asset management/replacement
take the hard work out of it asset management, use our team for corporate supply/replacement as well as commissioning and maintenance.
electronic helpdesking
automate helpdesk support, and integrate with your own team, extending their capabilities to field all support requests, and escalate where needed.









popular solutions








corporate helpdesk
take the hassle out of trying to manage your branch or remote workers support requests, implement a suitable turn-key or customised helpdesk solution.




3cx
whether it is in-house (self-hosted) or cloud-based, we can help you setup and manage your pbx solutions.  
                    excellent integration with australian sip providers, means reliable communications wherever you go.  
                    need to host a meeting or a webinar? no problem, many features like this are now standard.  talk to us, about how to get started.





progressive web apps (pwa)
most custom software solutions these days are becoming pwa's.  a pwa is delivered by your favorite web browser, 
                    and is ultimately able to be built fast, and scaleable for larger userbase.
                    





weird stuff
what do you mean weird stuff?  thoughout our history, we've been involved in repair and implementation of many weird things, ranging from car exhaust-gas 
                    analysers, to deisel genset power-off sms alarms, and even using mumps, a programming language specifically for pathologies.  we'd love to 
                    hear about your weird project.
                    





3rd party support
since 1993, icr has lead the field in 3rd party servicing.  our clients include international and national industry leaders, as well as government agencies.





consumables
need a reliable stockist for your regular consumbale needs? labels, dockets, ink and toner supplies, talk to us about regular consumable supply.











contact us





address
30a warwick street,harristown, toowoomba qld 4350




call us
+61 7 4636 4625




email us
helpdesk@icr.com.au




open hours
monday - friday8:30am - 05:00pm*other times by appointment











 
 
 





loading

your message has been sent. thank you!
send message






 







independent computer retailers

servicing our customers with all their needs.....

 


useful links

 home
 about us
 services  privacy policy



our services

 component sales/service
 workshop repairs
 on-call technicians
 departmental it support
 3rd party support
 business process flow
 bespoke application design
 server/cloud hosting



contact us

              30a warwick street
              harristown, 
              toowoomba qld 4350
phone: +61 7 4636 4625
email: helpdesk@icr.com.au






© copyright independent computer retailers (icr) pty ltd. all rights reserved

















