






mama lisa's world of children and international culture











































































































home

 


                
				songs & rhymes                 


 by continent by country by language by type of songmother goose nursery rhymesholiday songslullabies around the worldsongs with many versions 

blogstore
			newsletter
			



			view in            


englishfrenchspanish 







         advertisement         





songs, rhymes, and traditions from across the globe! 









 international music & culture

mama lisa's world, a place for songs, rhymes, and traditions from across the globe for both kids and grown-ups!




         advertisement         









kids songs & rhymes from around the world

songs by continent






songs by country






songs by language






songs by type of song






mother goose nursery rhymes






holiday songs






lullabies around the world






songs with many versions around the world






christmas carols around the world











kid songs around the world - a mama lisa ebook100 songs (350 pages) with sheet music and links to recordings

			whoever the children are in your life - your kids, your grandkids, your students, even yourself (in your heart) - kid songs around the world is a wonderful way to help them experience other languages and cultures.

we've gathered 100 of our favorite songs and rhymes from all the continents of the globe. (over 350 pages!)

each song includes the full text in the original language, with an english translation, and most include sheet music. 

all include links to web pages where you can listen to recordings, hear the tune or watch a video performance.

each includes a beautiful illustration. many have commentary sent to us by our correspondents who write about the history of the songs and what they've meant in their lives.

we hope this book will help foster a love of international children's songs!
this is a downloadable ebook available instantly.
order here!






 

         advertisement         




international culture

mama lisa's blog






recipes from around the world






children's poetry




















tweet



mama lisa's books
our books feature songs in the original languages, with translations into english. many include beautiful illustrations, commentary by ordinary people, and links to recordings, videos, and sheet music. your purchase will help us keep our site online!
visit our store.


kid songs around the worldebookpaperback (on amazon)150 little poems for little peopleebookspanish kids songs & rhymesebookpoems about the months of the yearebookfrench kids songs & rhymesebookpaperback (on amazon)lullabies around the worldebookpaperback (on amazon)amimal poemsebookxmas around the worldebookpaperback (on amazon)christmas carols from around the worldebookmexican kids songs & rhymesebookpaperback (on amazon)irish kids songs & rhymesebookpaperback (on amazon)italian kids songs & rhymesebookpaperback (on amazon)nursery rhyme favoritesebookgerman culture samplerebookfavorite kids songsebookhungarian kid songs & rhymesebookgerman kids songs & rhymesebookcookies around the worldebookfrère jacques around the worldebookthe paper hat bookebookthe bug poem bookebook

‹
›










favorite kids songsa mama lisa ebook

			over 50 favorites (150+ pages)many with sheet music and links to recordings!
			you'll find over 50 english language kids songs, including:

-hot cross buns
-i've been working on the railroad
-down by the bay
-make new friends
-mama's gonna buy you a mockingbird
-ring-a-round the rosie
-lavender's blue
-five little monkeys
and many more!

this is a downloadable ebook available instantly.
order here!











french kids songs & rhymesa mama lisa ebook, 200+ pages, with links to recordings and videos

			

in french kids songs & rhymes we've gathered over 50 of france's best-loved traditional children's songs, presented in their original french language and with translations into english.

you'll find well-known songs like frère jacques (brother john), alouette, gentille alouette (lark, sweet lark) and au clair de la lune (under the moon), alongside many you may never have heard of.

this book includes:
•	over 50 french children's songs and rhymes
• full text of each in the original language
• english translations
• many with links to sheet music
• most with links to recordings and videos
• commentary from our correspondents about what the songs and rhymes have meant to their lives
• illustrations


there's no better way to help kids and adults alike learn to love the french language!

this is a downloadable ebook available instantly.
order here!











lyrics & recordings needed!please contribute a traditional song or rhyme from your country.









		advertisement        











lyrics & recordings needed!













language learning made fun!with kid songs from around the world
visit the mama lisa book store







favorites


kids songs from france






songs & rhymes about washing up






kids songs from italy






la cucaracha




































christmas carols from around the world ebook!featuring sheet music and links to recordings!

over 75 beloved carols from countries and cultures all around the globe. each includes the full text in the original language, with an english translation. each also features links to recordings on the mama lisa website, some by professional musicians, but many by ordinary people who have contributed them to us, to help preserve their culture. most include beautiful illustrations and sheet music. many have commentary sent to us by our correspondents who write about the history of the songs and what they meant in their lives.

we've included beloved favorites from all over the world like: 
-"tu scendi dalle stelle (you come down from the stars)" from italy. 
-"guillô prends ton tambourin (patapan)" from france. 
-and "cantos para pedir posada (carol to ask for lodging)" from mexico.

we've also included english language favorites like:
-"good king wenceslas". 
-and spirituals like "go tell it on the mountain".

this is a downloadable ebook available instantly.
order here!







         advertisement         

















copyright ©2025 by lisa yannucci. all rights reserved.
 



engfresp





aboutcontact usadvertiseresources





engfresp




aboutcontact usadvertiseresources 



 








