







official website of jessica tilles



































































home
about jessica
books

indiscretions—new release!
raven ward series

anything goes
sweet revenge
unfinished business


the howard sisters series

in my sisters’ corner
crossing sisters


erogenous zone: an intimate voyage
apple tree
loving simone
loving you
no one has to know


book clubs
contact jessica
 

















 























new: june 11, 2024



"artfully crafting a tale of twists, turns, and consequences, jessica tilles returns to the literary world with a well-written, brilliantly executed bang! let's freakin' go!" –william fredrick cooper, essence bestselling author of unbreakable and there’s always a reasonindiscretions delves into the tantalizing world of love, betrayal, and redemption, weaving together the riveting stories of three couples facing the ultimate tests of their relationships. malcolm and kennedy ellis, maceo hicks and zora vaughn, and keith and latonya jordan are thrust into a whirlwind of emotions as they confront buried secrets, shattered trust, and the power of forgiveness.prepare to be captivated as you follow the electrifying journey of these couples, each navigating their own tumultuous path toward redemption and understanding. from the vibrant streets of new orleans to the serene landscapes of maryland, indiscretions promises a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you on the edge of your seat, craving more.with its compelling narrative and raw portrayal of love's complexities, this story will grip your heart and soul from the first page. discover if love truly conquers all in indiscretions—a tale of passion, resilience, and the enduring power of the human spirit.
read more













now available on audiobook

















sixteen years ago, julian knew he would marry grace the first day they met. 
read more
go to audible.com


















to family and friends, simone woodson has the perfect life. what else could she possibly want? 
read more
go to audible.com




















the story behind loving you



though not a full-length novel, loving you is the most powerful story i’ve penned. it is the story of grace and julian winters. grace is terminally ill and julian is battling with losing the love of his life. it is a story of an unconditional love that shows how one can go beyond living for the moment to enable a deeper value of an innate love beyond the surface. this is something we all deal with, losing those we love.when i wrote this story, i cried, laughed, and cried some more. i cried so much; i simply could not push it into a full-length novel. doing so would’ve meant adding a ton of fluff to an already powerful story, and i just didn’t want to do it.both julian and grace have special qualities that shine in the book. julian is sappy and overly sensitive, which can be an unusual trait for a man. grace is strong-willed, which is not unusual for a woman, but she also understands that julian’s character does not allow him to accept the inevitable, as she has already done.
read more








  
























copyright © 2000-2025 by jessica tilles. all rights reserved. | website designed and maintained by twa solutions and services. 







 






 


