















montpelier, vt | official website









 















skip to main content




















emergency alert


	boil water notice- prospect st from northfield st to school ave. and all of school ave. 
	read on...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    departments      boards & commissions      services      community      downtown      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 

































 
 
 









 
 





welcome to the city of montpelierthis is the official website for vermont's capital city. * 1% local option sales tax * fy26 budget info *click here to explore information on the fy26 budget



 
 








 
 









 
 
 









 














agendas & minutes








jobs










 
 














city council








city clerk










 
 














public works








police










 
 
 



 














popular linksfind what you’re looking for fast
 






  
 













program registration



permits



city plan 2025







recreation



fy26 annual budget



city manager's weekly report







zoning & flood plain regulations



board & committee application



notify me









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














latest newsstay up to date with montpelier
 






  
 
 















1% local option sales tax faqs 


the city council approved adding a 1% local option sales tax to the march town meeting day ballot. learn about what a 1% local option sales tax is, how it works, and what's eligible here.						read on...







explore and contribute to the city plan 


the planning commission is excited to begin the public input process for reviewing the new city plan. click here to learn more about the new city plan, explore the aspirations, goals, and strategies, and share your feedback!			additional info...







city warning - town meeting day 2025 


click here for the city and school warnings for town meeting day, march 4, 2025			view the warning...







serve your city - join a committee! 


got an issue you care about? want to make a real difference right here in montpelier? join a committee!						read on...







east state street project - questionnaire & updates 


the east state street project begins this year! in the project zone? fill out the questionnaire, share your concerns, and get updates from dpw.						read on...







download and explore the interactive budget worksheet 


clicking here will automatically download the interactive excel spreadsheet. check your downloads folder!			download the interactive excel file...







explore the proposed fy26 budget 


preparing this year's budget will be the most challenging in recent history. click here to read through the proposed budget on the ballot for fiscal year 2026.			explore the budget book...







alternate side winter parking now in effect 


alternate side winter parking is now in effect, click here to learn more about parking in montpelier, explore the interactive parking map, and how to avoid a ticket.			learn more....







weather updates 


click here to view a log of recent weather updates.						read on...







stay connected! 


notify me allows you to subscribe to city newsletters and updates.						read on...







see more stories




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 














 
 
 



 



 








 
 
 



 















 






  
 













notify me







contact us







online payments







accessibility







copyright notices







government websites by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














city of montpelier
 




39 main st.
 




montpelier, vt 05602-2950
 






  
 
 

 










    





 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









