
      personal, business, & nonprofit banking | linkbank
      



homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.
      personal, business, & nonprofit banking | linkbank
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentlinkbank close main menu dialog

personal


bank


personal solutions

personal banking

personal savings

personal checking

open an account

rates



borrow


lending solutions

mortgage solutions

term loans

auto loans

lines of credit



services


specialized solutions

online & mobile

telephone banking

debit cards

digital wallet

bill pay

mycardrules™

estatements

zelle®





business


bank


business solutions

business banking

business checking

business savings

nonprofit banking

open an account

rates



borrow


business lending

small business loans

equipment loans

real estate loans

lines of credit

impact credit card



services


treasury management

professional services

business benefits





connect


about us


faqs

our story

leadership team

board of directors

our culture

contact us

careers



community


the link foundation

news



locations


find a client solutions center





rates

loginmenusearchloginhow can we help?close search dialogenter search terms see results close online banking dialogonline bankingpersonalpersonalbusinesspersonal bankingusername forgot user id or password?first time user? enroll nowbusiness bankingtreasury managementescrow managementremote deposit capturesmall business bankinglinkbank  close alert    warm up to
new cd savings!

4.25% apy* for 7 months.
4.00% apy* for 11 months.
3.50% apy* for 25 months.

*see disclosure
    
speed into rewards
with a linkbank perks account!

introducing our latest checking account line-up, designed to supercharge your banking experience with exclusive rewards and benefits.
open or upgrade your account today and enjoy discounted rates, exclusive offers, and more!

learn more
    dreaming of a home renovation project?

grow and expand your space with a heloc!  
  
4.99%
apr* first 6 months

7.50%
apr* current variable rate  

*see disclosure
   helping you grow your money, your way

our clients are vibrant, savvy, and invested in the things they love, and linkbank is here to help each one grow their finances uniquely. whether you’re saving to purchase your first home, considering future college expenses, seeing retirement on the horizon, or are somewhere in between, we believe in providing solutions that support your needs, not the other way around. 
like you, we're raising families and taking care of loved ones. we understand the complexities of life and aim to make the financial side of living more streamlined and simple.
  our rates will make you smile!
view all rates  
certificate
of deposit
4.25%
apy* for 7 months

4.00%
apy* for 11 months


*see disclosure
    
home equity line of credit
4.99%
apr* first 6 months

7.50%
apr* current variable rate


*see disclosure
   

simplified banking solutions in your backyard
we proudly serve the mid-atlantic region with personal banking solutions, business banking solutions, and a suite of additional services that reach out to the community. when finances are made more manageable, you can focus on what matters in your life. that’s where we come in!
    
personal banking
solutions 

learn more    we offer comprehensive business banking solutions designed with business owners in mind.
 
learn more    community is at the heart of what we do, and the client solutions centers are ready to serve you.

learn more    find the right account for you!
explore our financial solutions, rewards, and benefits designed to help you reach your financial goals.
compare personal accounts     message from andrew samuel, chief executive officer

“it is for moments like these that linkbank was created. linkbank remains safe and sound. we are a community bank focused on deposits from people we know, lending to business and individuals we know in our local communities. our team is available to assist you. please reach out to one of our relationship managers or your local solution center if we can help you in any way. rest assured, that our conservative community banking model is here to serve you!”                       saving for an epic vacation, addition to your family, or building an education fund? ​
personal savings      we recognize our communities are not complete without nonprofits.
nonprofit banking      we're rooted where you are; loan decision making should be too.
commercial lending  positively  impactinglives.
 
 
at linkbank, we’re here to help positively impact the lives of our clients, colleagues, shareholders, and community—today and for all tomorrows. reach us at (855) 569-2265.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

resources


security

identity theft

privacy policy

disclosures

cra public file

investor relations

financial calculators



social


facebook

instagram

linkedin



©  linkbank®

  read more about our accessibility statement  


