



 

home




























downloadsgalleriespatternsblocksfeatured projectsvideoslocationsdealer portalmerchandisesubscribecontact us                                                
state of the block.
stone strong is the most efficient, complete retaining wall system in the industry. our modular block is the first to be fully engineered both structurally and geotechnically. stone strong systems delivers fully and intelligently engineered retaining wall solutions that greatly reduce installation time and labor costs - with unmatched safety, durability and aesthetics. state of the art?  we go one better. this is state of the block.
  facebook youtube linkedin
gravity wall
mse
hybrid
capabilities





capabilities
whether you're looking to build one of the tallest free standing walls in the state or a new landscape project to improve the aesthetics of your home, stone strong has you covered. our retaining wall solutions are not only fully engineered both structurally and geotechnically but are also proven to reduce installation time, labor, and production costs. with stone strong, you get intelligent and efficient solutions for your construction needs.






robust
the 24-square-foot block reduces labor costs and installation time, while its sheer size and weight provides structural strength without any need for 
tie-backs or additional mechanics.






efficient
less weight per square foot translates into reduced transportation cost and a much faster, easier, and less costly installation. — install 1,500 square feet of block a day with just a three-man crew. 






simple
lift/alignment loops ensure blocks interlock precisely and align units for consecutive level courses. stone infill securely locks blocks together without any mechanical assistance.






innovative
innovative hollow design makes stone strong the only wall system in the industry to feature a fully integrated drainage system requiring no additional parts or labor.


strategic partners
from day one, stone strong systems has partnered with experts who bring vital skills to the table. whether it's making user-friendly precast forms or the very first fully engineered big block in history, our strategic partners have been and will continue to be instrumental to our success

delta 


aci


npca


thiele geotech inc


masterspec


matt childs engineering


asce - idea evaluation



bridgeswater retentionresidentialchannelscontactaboutdealer portalgear & apparelsubscribe
get in touch
toll free 877.501.5652  office 402.973.1292
info@stonestrong.com stone strong, llc
13460 chandler road, suite 100
omaha, nebraska 68138© stone strong systems 2021terms & conditions privacy policy



