












 

registered psychologist vancouver | counselling and therapy | dr. paul s james, psychologist - therapist






























 

 







call to book an appointment
604-873-0222

















about
mental health services emotionally focused therapy
sex therapy vancouver
couples counselling vancouver
depression counselling vancouver
vancouver anxiety disorder counselling & therapy
appointments
fees

about your feelings
clinical case studies
contact us
 




call to book an appointment
604-873-0222
















registered psychologist vancouver british columbia









​click here for services






why see a registered psychologist​?
​​​​​dr. paul s. jamesregistered psychologist #975registered psychologists provide professional services – such as psychotherapy and counselling - to help people cope with various psychological challenges. unlike other vancouver therapists and counsellors, registered vancouver psychologists belongs to a regulated body of professional psychologists who provide counselling and psychological services in the province of british columbia. they are professionals who have doctorates generally, which ensures a high, minimum standard of training, and adhere to an ethical code of conduct. if you have concerns about their services, they are accountable to the college of psychologists of bc.it is also important to see a psychologist you are comfortable with because it is widely accepted in psychology that it is not the treatment approach used that facilitates change, but the psychologists’ ability to form strong working relationships with clients.

​​​​click here to book a consultation with dr. paul james.






life is difficult, and at some point you may experience whatmany people who seek registered psychologists andcounsellors report feeling:

loss of hope

adrift, without a purpose

conflicted internally

troubled by problem behaviors that seem out of control

confused and stuck in life

in emotional pain

torn between wanting a loving connection and avoiding it

anxious

bad about yourself

distressed in a relationship or marriage with recurring patterns of conflict

worried about sex


psychological services and therapy for individuals and couplesas a registered, vancouver counselling-psychologist, i am privileged to help individual adults and couples change how they feel about themselves and their relationships. some of the areas in which i provide mental health therapy services for individuals and couples are:

depression counselling

anxiety and stress

grief/loss

chronic anger

substance addictions

low self-esteem

trauma (ptsd)

couples therapy for conflict/intimacy issues

couples counselling

emotionally focused therapy ​(eft)

sex therapy

sexual problems including low desire/discrepancies of sexual desire, male performance issues, and a sex-negative relationship with masturbation/pornography




positive outcomes from seeing a counsellor or mental health professional

although there is no guarantee of a positive outcome, at the end of counselling, clients oftenreport feeling:

like a weight has lifted

calm and more themselves

more vital and alive

less anxious sexually

more comfortable with a close connection

better able to listen/communicate without becoming defensive

in control of previously out of control behaviors

better able to access their resources/abilities/inner strength








​schedule an​ appointment now




how can i help you with your mental health?


as a counsellor in vancouver, bc, my approach to therapy and psychotherapy is depth-affective-cognitive-behavioral. this means that i work by helping people to change distressing thoughts, feelings, and behaviors with an understanding that the source of our difficulties lies in past trauma and our defenses against trauma feelings.this humanistic and psychodynamic approach is rooted in forming a warm, compassionate relationship in which people feel safe and understood. within such a context, i motivate people to look at the unhealthy ways that they are avoiding distressing feelings from the past (see the link, intrusive feelings). as people slowly give up their defenses and bring theirpresence/mindfulness to these feelings, they move toward genuine health. i offer both support and challenge, and draw upon tools and techniques from numerous approaches to psychotherapy – such as gestalt, emdr, and voice therapy – as well as over a decade of personal therapy in facilitating this process toward health.



for a more detailed sense of how i work with individual adults and couples as an addictions counsellor and psychotherapist, please click on links to the case studies. these are hypothetical clinical cases of individuals and couples struggling with issues such as anxiety/depression, low sexual desire, marital conflict, and male sexual performance problems.

click here to book a consultation with dr. paul james.


vancouver service areas:arbutus ridgecedar cottagechamplain heightschinatowncoal harbourcollingwoodcommercial drivecreeksidedowntowndowntown eastsidedunbar-southlandsfairviewfalse creek flatsfalse creek northfalse creek southfrasergastowngrandview-woodlandgranville islandhastings-sunrisehastings crossinghastings easthillcrestkensington-cedar cottagekerrisdalekillarneykitsilanoknightlangaralittle mountainmackenzie heightsmainmarpolemole hillmount pleasantmusqueamoakridgequilchenarenfrew-collingwoodriley parkshaughnessysouth cambiesouth granvillesouth hillsouth vancouversouthlandssouthwest marinestrathconasunrisesunsetvictoria-fraserviewwest broadwaywest endwest point greywoodlandyaletown

​help is available nearbydr. james has been counselling in vancouver, bc, for 34 years in community agency settings (alcohol/drugs, mental health, and employee/family assistance) and private practice. dr. paul james, r.psych., likes how he works with people and feels confident about assisting you to make the changes you want in your life. dr. james invites you to contact him by internet or by phone if you would like a five to ten minute consultation in order to identify your issues and to ask questions about his services (please note that dr. james does not offer free sessions to help clients determine “fit”) . dr. paul james is currently accepting new clients, and can usually accommodate new clients within one to two weeks.email: info@pauljames.ca









​click here to book an​ appointment




contact usdr. paul s. james, ed.d​.email: info@pauljames.caaddress: 3708 windsor st, vancouver, bc v5v 4n7phone: (604) 873-0222hours: monday 8:30 a.m.–6:30 p.m.tuesday8:30 a.m.–6:30 p.m.wednesday 8:30 a.m.–6:30 p.m.thursday 8:30 a.m.–6:30 p.m.friday 8:30 a.m.–6:30 p.m.saturday 8:30 a.m.–6:30 p.m.sunday closed psychologist vancouver
about
services
about your feelings
clinical case studies
links
contact us

 sex therapy vancouver
anxiety disorder counselling & therapy
couples therapy vancouver
depression counselling
emotionally focused therapy
sitemap















									copyright 2024 | dr. paul s james. 											


















