

chinese food recipes - chinese recipes - cooking chinese cuisine

























 chinese food need never be a once-a-week-restaurant treat again! 
      free  mouth watering chinese recipes, easy to follow & cook, chinese cooking is simply rewarding!





home
chinese recipes
chinese salad
tasty soup
fluffy rice
squids & crabs 



noodles delight 
chicken recipes 
succulent pork
beef recipe  
fresh fish
lamb & mutton
seafood platter 
crunchy vegetables
nutritious tofu
assorted dim sum
delicious eggs
shrimps & prawns 

soothing chinese tea 
sauces & seasoning 
chinese desserts
snacks & appetizers 
cooking methods
chinese kitchen


glossary of ingredients 
glossary of cooking terms
kitchen guide & tips 
measurement conversion
food articles & fun stuff
learn to speak chinese

chinese restaurants
international recipes 
asian recipes
chinese cook book  
chinese cooking videos 

















 
 


















 amaze yourself, family & friends with your chinese cooking skills & knowledge 


home









chinese cooking methods







chinese kitchen 









glossary of ingredients







glossary of cooking terms









cooking guide & tips







measurement conversions









food articles and fun stuff







chinese restaurants guide









learn to speak chinese 







asian recipes 









chicken recipes 







cooking book shopping









chinese cooking videos 







site map













 top 8 chinese recipes of the week  


batter coated chicken in sweet & sour sauce







beef meatballs in pineapple sauce







rice with chinese sausage







fried rice with xo sauce 







king spareribs







deep fried meatballs 







stir-fried beef with onions







chinese egg foo yung  


 new recipes  


crispy five spice spring roll







deep fried taro paste with minced duck meat







braised stuffed whole cabbage with abalone and broccoli







pan fried freshwater prawns in special sauce







double-boiled spring chicken soup with snow fungus and quail eggs







fried glutinous rice with assorted waxed meats







chilled almond-flavor soybean jelly with longan







spring blossom cold dish combination







ginger curry mussel stew







tuna-filled quinoa croquette


 popular chinese recipes 


 



chinese beef recipe - szechuan beef stir fry, chinese pepper steak, orange beef, hunan beef...
chinese chicken recipes - lemon chicken, sesame chicken, kung pao chicken, garlic chicken, orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken, whiskey chicken wing...
chinese pork recipes - cantonese roast pork, sweet and sour pork, steamed spareribs, szechuan style pork chop, chinese barbecued pork chop,...
chinese salad recipes - chinese chicken salad, shanghai chicken salad recipe, fruity chinese cabbage salad... 
chinese seafood recipes - steamed fish chinese style, stir fried shrimps wth cashew nuts, shark's fin soup, fish maw soup, braised abalone with sea cucumber...
chinese salad recipe
chinese noodles recipe
chinese shrimp recipe
chinese vegetable recipe
 


	 
 













about chinese food and cooking 







chinese cuisine has become a staple   world food, loved by people in all countries and of all walks of life. a   third of the world’s population enjoys chinese food every day, because   it offers dishes that are known to be some of the tastiest and unique in   the world. although it started off in china, the trend of this oriental   cuisine has become widespread in the western world, exemplifying the   quality and lovability of chinese food. 
 "have you eaten already?" is a popular greeting among the chinese.
people of the western culture   appreciate chinese food for its combination of superb taste and affordability. instead of seeing it as a foreign food that is never to   be understood and difficult to cook, it has become known that chinese   cuisine is in fact easy and convenient to make in the comfort of one’s   own home. with all the basic ingredients of common dishes such as bean   sprouts, bamboo shoots and water chestnuts available from any   neighborhood supermarket, chinese food has been localized for people   everywhere. instead of seeing it as a special treat, people can recreate   the glamor of chinese cuisine in their own kitchen.
in addition to being easy to make,   the characteristic of chinese food is that it brings a flavor to the   table for everyone. from sweet and sour to spicy, from chicken to beef   to pork, there is a huge variety of dishes that can be served.  not only is chinese food tasty, but it packs a punch of   nutrition too. rich in vitamins and often steamed or stir fried, a   chinese dish requires minimum cooking time and retain maximum health value. 

"color, aroma and flavor are not the only the key elements in chinese cooking; nutrition is also a priority."
the dishes of chinese cuisine are   recognized by many: sweet and sour pork, chinese dumpling, kung pao   chicken are popular favorites to be paired with chow mein noodles or fried rice. here at chinesefood-recipes.com you will find all of these tasty recipes, free for you   to browse, enjoy and share. sections such as cooking tips and   ingredients will make the journey faster and easier, getting you on your   way to becoming an expert in chinese cooking. enjoy! 

confucius (551-479 b.c.) said, "the path to your friend's heart and soul begins from your cooking."


 







asian recipes 





ginger curry mussel stew, satay style beef and pasta , pork teriyaki  , apretada chicken, chili crabs , white fish curry , more asian recipes. 





chinese beef recipes 




hunan beef , mongolian beef, beef steak with snow peas, stir fried beef in oyster sauce , more chinese beef recipes..





recipe of the day: pan-fried freswater prawns with special sauce 











            10 servings
this dish of prawns dry-fried in a sweet, slightly sticky sauce.
ingredients:

5 medium-sized freshwater prawns, weighing about 1.5kg 


1 red chilli, thinly sliced
13g young ginger, thinly sliced
10g garlic, thinly sliced
40g onion, cut into 5cm lengths

seasoning:

2 tbsp superior soy sauce
3 tsp sugar
3 tsp chicken stock powder
1 tbsp oyster sauce
2 tsp dark soy sauce
2 tsp shao hsing wine
1 tsp sesame oil
3 tbsp superior stock


potato starch, mixed with a little water

directions:

to prepare prawns: remove the prawn heads and   rinse. cut a line down the back of the prawns, devein and halve them.   drain and set aside.
to cook prawns: heat oil in a wok and deep fry the prawns until 70% cooked. remove and drain excess oil.
stir fry the chilli, young ginger, garlic and onion in the wok until fragrant.
add the semi-cooked prawns and seasonings. continue stir frying the prawns until they are cooked.
add a little potato starch mixture to thicken the sauce. dish out and serve immediately..


go to top 



 





 today's tip/quote





   


















 

custom search  










 




join our free mailing list and keep yourself informed with updates on our site.





click to convert cooking measurements




best buy 






 













new articles 




+ chinese new year recipes
+ how to make chili oil 
+ chicken cooking tips
 + how to steam chicken
+ all about soup stocks in cooking
+ types of tofu
+ how to measure ingredients 
+ how to stir fry chicken
+ 4000 year old secrets of green tea
+ how to make chicken broth...
+ all about wontons 
+ how to grill chicken breast 
+ preparing food with mortar and pestle 




















cheap china products on dhgate.com


           	











 



home :: links exchange :: contact us  :: privacy policy  :: terms of use :: sitemap
copyright © 2020 chinese food recipes.com. all rights reserved. your ultimate chinese food and asian food recipes site.. 
	  last modified: 07/30/18.  




 




