     new and used ford car dealership in nokomis, fl - matthews-currie ford                               
                                             matthews-currie ford        sales 941-294-2008    service 941-294-2006  parts 941-294-2007      130 n tamiami trailnokomis, fl 34275                                     service        map        contact                       matthews-currie ford            call 941-294-2008   directions                  home   new   search inventory   fleet   pre-orders   custom factory order   transit explorer conversion vans   demo deals   kbb instant cash offer!   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   don’t sign that contract!   2024 ford maverick   hurricane relief program   electric vehicle lifestyle   electric vehicles   f-150 lightning   mustang mach e     pre-owned   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   kbb instant cash offer!    quick quote   schedule test drive     specials   brad's best buys   regional incentives     mcf customs   mcf customs   certified pre-owned overview   custom orders   mcf customs gallery     service   service   schedule service   ford protect   service & parts specials   faq   general service   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   ev charging     collision center   collision center   quick lane®   tires   shop ford parts   parts brand   fordpass     finance   finance department   ford credit application    get pre-approved in seconds   kbb instant cash offer!   payment calculator   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)     about   about   careers   meet our staff   contact   hours & directions   our blog     research   2024 ford mustang   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford expedition   2024 ford f-150   save then save more                     home   new   search inventory   fleet   pre-orders   custom factory order   transit explorer conversion vans   demo deals   kbb instant cash offer!   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   don’t sign that contract!   2024 ford maverick   hurricane relief program   electric vehicle lifestyle   electric vehicles   f-150 lightning   mustang mach e     pre-owned   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   kbb instant cash offer!    quick quote   schedule test drive     specials   brad's best buys   regional incentives     mcf customs   mcf customs   certified pre-owned overview   custom orders   mcf customs gallery     service   service   schedule service   ford protect   service & parts specials   faq   general service   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   ev charging     collision center   collision center   quick lane®   tires   shop ford parts   parts brand   fordpass     finance   finance department   ford credit application    get pre-approved in seconds   kbb instant cash offer!   payment calculator   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)     about   about   careers   meet our staff   contact   hours & directions   our blog     research   2024 ford mustang   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford expedition   2024 ford f-150   save then save more           



we buy cars! click here to sell your vehicle


    







     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         











easy financing








value your trade








schedule service










                                                                              disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                             

      search new inventory     search used inventory            something for everyone  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suvs & crossovers   trucks & vans   all electric   cars           escape      bronco sport      bronco      edge      explorer      mustang mach-e      expedition          maverick      ranger      transit connect      f-150      super duty      transit      f-150 lightning          mustang mach-e      f-150 lightning          mustang     explore all newmodels           




shop certified

     





the factory-trained auto service technicians at your local quick lane® tire & auto center will thoroughly inspect your vehicle's key components and systems from top to bottom, and then give you an in-depth vehicle check-up report that will help you easily monitor your car's or truck's maintenance needs. as with any quick lane® tire & auto center service, no appointment is necessary, so come in anytime.
learn more

      
 
      



welcome to
matthews-currie ford in nokomis, fl
launch your car buying experience with the excellent customer service at matthews-currie ford in nokomis, fl – serving venice, sarasota, and bradenton. we can’t wait to help you pick out the perfect new ford. see why our customers love coming to us for their auto needs by visiting 130 north tamiami trail, nokomis, fl, or calling 877-405-7194 to schedule a test drive.
learn more


sales hours     sales hours          monday 8:30am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday 11:00am - 4:00pm         service hours          monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday 7:30am - 4:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours          monday 7:30am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:00pm    friday 7:30am - 5:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         finance hours          monday 8:30am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday 11:00am - 4:00pm       





     


 get in touch




                           





          

new and used ford car dealership in nokomis, fl
welcome to the #1 ford dealer in the neighborhood and the provider of some of the most reliable ford vehicles on the market. we cater to anyone and everyone interested in any kind of vehicle, from stylish sedans to muscular trucks. we have been in the service of the community for more than 20 years, and the dedication to offer the best service has been the core of our success.
we favor a no hassle buying process at matthews-currie ford. that’s why we provide lease and finance alternatives for our vehicles. leasing enables you to ride the current model without the bond of ownership, while financing provides you with the chance to own your ideal car. our team of skilled finance professionals will help you select the most suitable alternative that goes well with your budget and lifestyle. in addition, thanks to our competitive prices and promotional packages, there is no denying that you are getting the best possible price.
used cars, trucks, and suvs for sale in nokomis, fl
we don’t stop with the purchase when it comes to our commitment to our customers. we have many used models for those who want a cheaper alternative. the stock includes not only be (ford models, but also other top brands like honda, toyota, and chevrolet. every pre-owned vehicle undergoes a thorough inspection and reconditioning process which is a guarantee that you are taking home a vehicle of high quality and dependability. we also have certified pre-owned ford vehicles that are subjected to a more rigorous 172-point inspection and are delivered with additional advantages, for example, a comprehensive warranty and roadside assistance.
expert vehicle service, repair, and maintenance in nokomis, fl
owning a vehicle also implies taking care of it and at matthews-currie ford, we understand this. so, we have a service center that is state-of-the-art, fully equipped and run by certified mechanics who have been working with all types of vehicles for many years. we got you from regular oil changes to big repairs. we only use real oem parts, guaranteeing that your car receives high standard treatment. and those who would rather perform their own maintenance we also have a fully stocked parts department with everything you need to keep your vehicle running smooth. in addition to providing service and repairs to ford vehicles our technicians have the expertise to work on all other makes and models. thus, when it comes to any kind of vehicle, you can rely on us to get the best service and repairs. besides, our easy-to-use online scheduling allows you to book your next service appointment, without breaking into your busy routine.
our dedication to our clients is not only about selling and maintaining automobiles. we also practice philanthropy by returning value to the community that has been supporting us all of these years. we are glad to work with local organizations and charities and we take part in fundraising activities and community service projects. we are also committed to minimizing our footprint and have taken many green steps in our dealership. as matthews-currie ford, we pursue providing our clients a one-stop shop for all their motoring needs. all of our staff are courteous and informative and they strive to have your visit with us an enjoyable one. we want to exceed your expectation and add you to the matthews-currie ford family.
schedule a ford test drive today!
feel free to shop around the website and see the enormous range of new and used cars we have in stock. you may also learn about our financing options and schedule a test drive of the car you like. if there are any issues we can assist with or questions you might have, feel free to reach out. we would be happy to help you and expect you. thank you for selecting matthews-currie ford.

 shop our new ford inventory!


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures matthews-currie ford | 130 n tamiami trail, nokomis, fl 34275 | sales: 941-294-2008 |                



















                   