




















the vermont paddlers club: home


























the vermont paddlers club


meet new friends, and paddle better!
 






home


what's new




login


go paddling


talk paddling


get involved


more links


site map




 home favorites trips schedule message boards paddle pix log in site map

home

established in 1964, the vermont paddlers club is an american canoe association affiliated club*. the vpc is also a long-time supporter/partner of american whitewater.
the mission of the vpc is to facilitate the enjoyment of recreational paddlesport. to this end we organize a schedule of whitewater and flatwater canoe and kayak trips which suit the interests of vpc members, promote safe and enjoyable paddling through education and other activities (including winter pool sessions), maintain an awareness of river resource and conservation issues, and take action when appropriate to protect paddling resources.please log in.for username, enter either 1) the primary email address you've specified in your member profile, or 2) the username assigned to you upon joining the vpc.once you are logged in as a vpc member, you will have access to your member profile, and members-only content on the website. if your login attempts fail, please email the webmaster. include your name, and (if you know it) the username you were assigned.usernamepassword remember me submit cancel 



search






go




share this w/ your friends...

 



connectfollow @vpcnews on twitter


quick links

vpc/fb page


vpc/fb group


what's new



renew your membership




join the vpc



membership info


events and trips


message boards


trip reports


dam releases



upcoming events


all events



quote of the day (#9)
not all those who wander are lost...
j.r.r. tolkienin lord of the rings

















  page views: link checker© 1996-2025 the vermont paddlers clubreport a bug

		the 'my favorites' list uses cookies...
		
add this page to 'my favorites'
remove this page from 'my favorites'
trip reports
message boards
site map

current php version: 7.4.33



