


















witch school






















































about (current)


courses


subscriptions


contact


login



become a student









help us rebuild our website!
donate now and receive donation perks from us!











1st 150 to donate $15.00 or more receive an original witch school logo patch.
1st 15 people to donate $25.00 or more receive a witch school patch and a candle magic book.
1st 50 people to donate $100.00 or more receive a virtual banner to link your business or group to on our donors page.





teach a course
subscription virtual box
virtual candle
the daily spell
terms of services
sponsors
faq
staff





join us today
begin your magical journey with witch school!.

198705people registered from 196 countries

register today!







what is wicca ?
we offer classes in all manner of witchcraft, magic, and paganism. witch school is the seminary of the correllian nativist church, a us-based wiccan church. wicca is a group of related, nature-based religions having their origins in ancient practices but taking their modern shape in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. the term wicca was first applied to this movement as a self-descriptor in 1958 by charles cardell, who meant for the term to include a range of groups including but also distinguishing from the gardnerian wica.   witch school offers classes degree classes in correllian wicca but also offers classes about other forms of wicca, non-wiccan witchcraft, magic, psychic skills, and more! we believe that it is best to learn as much as possible about as many disciplines as possible in order to have a well-rounded understanding of magical practice! to find out more about the correllian-nativist church of wicca, click the link below.












donation

×



thank you for your long term support of witch school.  we greatly appreciate it! please consider making a donation to help us to continue to bring you new classes and other materials!







click here to skip 





who are we?
witch school is the seminary of the correllian nativist church, a us-based wiccan church. wicca is a group of related, nature-based religions having their origins in ancient practices but taking their modern shape in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. the term wicca was first applied to this movement as a self-descriptor in 1958 by charles cardell, who meant for the term to include a range of groups including but also distinguishing from the gardnerian wica. witch school offers degree classes in correllian wicca which meet all the requirements needed to apply for clergy standing in the correllian-nativist church of wicca.  however, witch school also offers classes about other forms of wicca and a variety of pagan paths, non-wiccan witchcraft, magic, psychic skills, and more! we believe that it is best to learn as much as possible about as many disciplines as possible in order to have a well-rounded understanding of magical practice! to find out more about the correllian-nativist church of wicca, click the link below. 
correllian wicca degree link







frequently asked questions
support@witchschool.com







forgot password
have it emailed to you.







not a student yet?
sign up today!











				here you will find our latest videos from magick tv and other channels of interest to our students! magick tv has been in existence since 2006 and has over 3000 videos! here you will find rev. don's vlog dedicated to answering viewers questions: coverage of special events such as the st. louis pagan picnic, witchsfest usa, pagan pride day celebrations, the international pagan music awards, and other events of interest: and interviews with famous pagan and wiccan leaders such as selena fox, olivia robertson, raymond buckland, oberon and morning glory zell, and many more!
				





welcome to our new site!







yule presentation







new year's eve broadcast







vision 2030: the next decade o...








 have unanswered questions about witch school? send an e-mail to  askadean@witchschool.com with your questions 












your anyone, anywhere, anytime 
online magickal education!





links

wsi site
the daily spell
pagan's tonight
magicktv.com
records



support


administration
feedback
information
sponsorship


membership subscription
membership unsubscribe


tech
mentor support
support












© 2025 all right reserved









v1.0.5 










please wait
                         



















