




skagway fishing charters, skagway salmon fishing charters, skagway fishing guide - dockside charters


















never monday charters

please head over to our mobile friendly website where you can find all the latest rates and tour information!
or, simply click to call us at 907-612-0458








 





                skagway alaska fishing charters
            

                skagway alaska
            




skagway salmon fishing

skagway wildlife tours

reservations


            (907) 612-0458

            











never monday charters



home



skagway alaska



salmon fishing



wildlife tours





charter rates




reservations





contact us


 




 


login













skagway fishing charters


















 lack of commercial fishing combined with modern day environmental efforts, like raising hatchery salmon for release into the wild, makes skagway a prime alaskan destination.
                                










      skagway sits under the mighty mountain peaks that surround the upper lynn canal. glaciers peer down at the blue-green ocean water, which holds life in such abundance that it stirs the senses to a time forgotten by men, a time when the ocean's bounty provided both mystery and sustenance.








      from the gold rush of 1898 to the present day tourism boom, fishing in skagway has gone largely unchanged. lack of commercial fishing combined with modern day environmental efforts make skagway a prime alaskan destination for the pursuit of fish by anglers longing to tangle with the famed wild alaskan salmon.
      on a never monday custom fishing charter we mostly catch the largest species of the salmon, the chinook or "king salmon". our trips also include the possibility of fishing for four of the five pacific salmon, which include pink, keta and coho salmon.  captain ken has 45 years of experience fishing these legendary waters. our number one goal is to ensure that every charter meets the needs of our customers















 beautiful taiya inlet
                                













      when deciding where to wet a line, fishing around skagway affords opportunities for the solace of a day on the water free of the "combat" fishing that plagues so many other alaskan destinations, and the thrill of a lifetime battling a healthy, robust fish in an unspoiled land of unrivaled beauty.
skagway salmon fishing charters

      your skagway salmon fishing charter begins in the small boat harbor near where the cruise ships dock at the southern end of town. unlike many other alaskan fishing destinations, the fish are a very short ride from the harbor, often less than 15 minutes away. more time with the lines in the water mean more of a chance to make that catch of a lifetime.
      we provide the gear, bait and know-how to make your charter an experience one does not forget. we believe that when anglers pay good money to go on a fishing charter, they want to "fish." many an angler has been frustrated with boat captains who do all the fishing themselves and treat the customer like a child who has never held a rod of his own.


















 feeder alaska king salmon are feisty sluggers and will put up a fight that will surprise the seasoned angler.
                                









      with us, the client decides how much or little he or she wants to participate in the fish catching process. you can bait your own hook, or even bring your own favorite gear. you can hook the fish and fight them to the boat. your captain will give you the necessary hints and pointers to make your day a success.
      if you are not as savvy with the rod and reel, he will do as much as you want him to do to aid and assist you to make your fishing charter an unforgettable experience.



      salmon fishing charters in skagway primarily focus on the renowned chinook or king salmon. salt-water fishing for kings is practiced by slow-tolling a herring rigged to turn in the current as though it were injured. big kings find this motion irresistible and strike at these presentations with wild abandon. kings will peel line from the reel as they run away with tremendous speed. many a wily salmon will turn and make a run at the boat forcing the fisherman to reel furiously in order to keep the line taught.
      state of the art fish finding equipment allows your captain to target the proper depths where salmon feed on "bait balls," schools of baitfish so large and tightly packed that salmon assault the cluster for an easy meal.















 photo by tom forsterling while on the never monday july 2016.
                                












      if catch-and-release is more your style, your captain will handle the fish with care to ensure its continued survival in the wild.

      our salmon fishing charters offer far more photo opportunities than just trophy king salmon. you can never count on seeing a humpback or killer whales but they do patrol. bald eagles soar overhead and jump at the opportunity for an easy meal when a piece of bait inadvertently ends up in the water. mountain goats who sit peering down from their precarious footing.
      whatever your skill or desire, our custom trips offer a unique skagway salmon fishing charter experience tailored to your individual needs.
skagway fishing guide


















 captain ken gross and a happy guest with a beautiful bright skagway king salmon. september 2018.
                                










     trophy kings are not the only fish that can be caught on skagway fishing charters. we also catch dolly varden char, and different types of cod. in july and august pink salmon are commonly caught in addition to the kings. 

     whatever skagway fishing experience you desire captain ken will be a local who can turn your alaskan vacation into an angling experience you will never forget.

     make your dreams of fishing the heralded waters of the north a reality by spending a day with our seasoned professionals.














                                    home is where the boat is. low tide at the skagway small boat harbor. note, the cruise ships will dock just behind the harbor, just a stone's throw away.
                                























never monday charters











              
        












                        (907) 612-0458
                    














                © 2018 never monday charters 
				small boat harbor congress way skagway, ak 99840 
                po box 873, haines 
                alaska 99827

            










