

 

















feline veterinarian in austin, tx | cat hospital of austin










































 























 (512) 258-2024


 13264 pond springs rd  austin, tx 78729  












menu

home
about

our veterinarian
our team
testimonials


new clients
appointments
services
online store
contact
 












welcome!
request an appointment today!




call us: (512) 258-2024
get directions
request an appointment















 about us 





 new clients 





 online store 









welcome to cat hospital of austin
since 2000, the cat hospital of austin has provided complete feline veterinary care in a loving, warm environment. your feline companion is an important member of the family and deserves only the finest care.
the bond you share with your faithful companion is precious and we strive to strengthen and preserve that bond through the use of advanced veterinary medicine, modern technology and old-fashioned compassion.












your feline veterinarian in austin, tx



 dental care 
read more





 surgery 
read more





 x-ray 
read more





 microchipping 
read more








state of the art care
at cat hospital of austin, you can expect state of the art medical care for your cat. we believe in nurturing the human-cat bond and creating a harmonious relationship between people and cats. you can expect to be greeted by a courteous receptionist, clean exam rooms, friendly doctors, and caring technicians. we appreciate the role we get to play in your cats’ health care.










 testimonials 



 












		                        			my visit was great! i love that the cat hospital specializes in cats exclusively, as i feel like they have a broader range of knowledge on some of...  read more  

rebecca













		                        			don't know how you could improve. everyone is so courteous and helpful and the arrangements for getting my kitties in for appointments is working...  read more  

marjorie













		                        			my cat and i had a 5 star experience here! i was nervous about taking my cat to the vet while covid was going on, but the employees were extremely...  read more  

macy













		                        			the visit was easy as juan came out to take comir inside for her visit and returned her to the...  read more  

carol







rebeccamy visit was great! i love that the cat hospital specializes in cats exclusively, as i feel like they have a broader range of knowledge on some of the specific issues my senior kitties are facing than a traditional vet does. i feel like my cat is in great hands here, and the staff was very friendly and willing to answer all my questions. thank you! 

marjoriedon't know how you could improve. everyone is so courteous and helpful and the arrangements for getting my kitties in for appointments is working very well. 

macymy cat and i had a 5 star experience here! i was nervous about taking my cat to the vet while covid was going on, but the employees were extremely cautious and attentive to both my and my cats safety! they were kind and patient throughout the whole process. very professional, and i would give 6 stars if i could! 

carolthe visit was easy as juan came out to take comir inside for her visit and returned her to the car. 



 our location 
 








cat hospital of austin

   13264 pond springs rd  austin, tx 78729  


  (512) 258-2024 


                                follow us:
                                                                                                        























 get in touch 



namephoneemail*

messagephonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 

















sitemap | 
                        accessibility | 
                        website by doctor multimedia 





  call us   text us 
















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










