 











home - sojourner truth house





































































 
 






 












 


 
join us for our 26th annual walk for sth.   learn more

 








 


 






 

donate


 





 




about us

 






back




who we are






leadership






partners and friends






sojourner truth






our sponsor












our work

 






back




client services






food pantry






our impact






request assistance






homelessness myths












get involved

 






back




employment






volunteer






community ambassadors






host a pantry drive






join email list






join the board












ways to give

 






back




donate now






ways to give






donate monthly






donate items






planned giving






donor-advised fund






honorary & memorial gifts












news & events

 






back




current news






events






newsletters






walk for sth






coffee & conversation












contact us






store





 





 


 






										join the walk for sth! register today
									

										learn more






										host a food drive
									

										learn more






										join the community ambassadors for sth
									

										learn more














 





 


 

unlock hope: taking steps to reduce hunger and homelessness.
			


 





 


 
our impactjanuary – december 2023






monthly clients






clients moved into stable housing






volunteer hours






pounds of food distributed





 





 


 
thank you to our annual sponsors


 





 






















































 





 
urgent needs
you can help as we endeavor to meet the most basic needs of the disadvantaged and homeless individuals and families in the gary and nwi area. an average of 80 households visit our pantry each week.
we are currently in desperate need of paper towels, quart and gallon size plastic storage bags, diapers size 4, 5, and 6.

shop items



 





 


 
resilient hope through strength and confidence


 





 



amanda is a survivor. she successfully overcame domestic violence and substance abuse and was filled with a compassionate vision to serve those struggling with similar situations. but that vision was sidelined by a series of unfortunate events—and the loss of her home. for a while, amanda relied on the kind acts of others for shelter, but even that didn’t last.
one evening, while sleeping on a city bus, someone referred her to lydia house, a local gary shelter that serves single women experiencing homelessness. lydia house sends clients to sojourner truth house for vital support services. amanda diligently participated in sth classes that enabled her to refocus and find stability. within a few months, amanda had a job and her own apartment.
- read more about amanda's story here.




 



 


 





 


  
latest news
 





 







                            nipsco donates $12k to santa store
                            










                            suitcases replace bags for sojourner truth hous...
                            










                            the heart behind the gift
                            










                            sojourner truth house community ambassadors see...
                            















 





  
add impact to your inbox
 





 

first name(required)last name(required)email(required)

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ



 





 


  
 





 


 donate now
help us in our efforts to end homelessness and hunger today.

 
 



 saint katharina's calendar club
join a group of passionate donors determined to make a difference.

 
 



 join our email list
for upcoming events, newsletters, volunteer opportunities and more.

 
 





 


 





 
sojourner truth house
410 w. 13th avenue, rear building
gary, indiana 46407 
(219) 885-2282
accounts@sojournertruthhouse.org
sojourner truth house is a registered 501(c)(3) organization.ein: 27-0296707
 



 


  

  


 



 



            a ministry of the poor handmaids of jesus christ
        


 





 


            ©
        2025
    all rights reserved.
             





































