


lombardo's family of restaurants




























 









 
lombardo's restaurant10488 natural bridge rd. st. louis, mo 63134314-429-5151
click here for reservations!





carmine's steakhouse 20 south 4th st. st. louis, mo 63102 314-241-1631
click here for reservations!





lombardo's trattoria 201 south 20th st. st.louis, mo 63103 314-621-0666
click here for reservations!


 

welcome to lombardo's restaurants




the lombardo family's legacy of fine food at moderate prices goes back almost 75 years, and the tradition continues today. available at all of our locations, lombardo's famous toasted ravioli. award winning oversized meat and spinach ravioli, lightly breaded and served with our house marinara sauce and grated cheese. you have to try at least one! 
click below to order lombardo's 
                            gift cards 
lombardo's restaurant - classic elegance and great service combine to please our guests at our italian restaurant near lambert international airport. brothers, carmen and angelo, along with carmen's daughter karen, make sure that every guest feels like family. relocated from the original lombardo's in north st. louis, lombardo's restaurant has become the favorite spot for many st. louisans, as well as travelers from around the world. private rooms available for groups from 25 to 90 for your next corporate or family function. 
-open for dinner tuesday thru saturday
 
experience authentic italian cuisine, specializing in signature pastas, hand-cut steaks and fresh seafood as well as excellent chicken dishes, served in an upscale atmosphere. located downtown by union station, lombardo's trattoria is the perfect place for a romantic dinner before the next concert, or event at the nearby fox theater or enterprise center. with private banquet rooms for groups from 10 to 100 lombardo's trattoria is the perfect place for your next corporate function, rehearsal dinner, or family celebration.
--open for dinner monday thru saturday.
carmine's steak house is located in the beautiful drury plaza hotel on the corner of fourth and walnut, just a few blocks from busch stadium. carmine's menu includes a variety of aged beef and handcut chops, fresh seafood, chicken entrees and delicious housemade desserts. if it's a private room you need, carmine's can accommodate up to 125 people for lunch or dinner banquets. carmine's also offers valet parking on walnut ave.
-inquire about luncheon banquets
-open for dinner monday thru saturday. 









lombardo's 
  gift cards
â© 2015  lombardo's restaurants





