
















 













speed index charts


cal bred information


race dates


jockey information


join amra


mules for sale


mule links


contact us


photo gallery


links to fairs


amra futurity











 















				the american mule racing association (amra) was formed to 
				promote the racing of mules at recognized distances in the sport 
				of racing. the association is guided by six directors who are 
				elected by the membership of the amra at their annual meeting.




new for 2020

** 2020 amra annual convention **
				save the date! join 
				us for the amra convention and awards banquet march 14, 
				2020, at harrah's reno. please call kate at (209) 256-4631) to 
				book your room and make banquet reservations. room rates are friday night $75.00; 
				saturday night $95.00 plus tax and resort fees for both days. see you 
				there!!

read the minutes from the 2019 amra annual meeting,
				click 
				here.

2018 year end results, 
click here.

no late entry penalty for the amra three year old futurity 
				held in fresno!

new awards category for your mules!! speed index 86 - 
				95!!

repurposing retired race mulesby gayle stegmann, gem 
				state mule company, rathdrum, idaho



				ed burdock, professional trainer, under english saddle is on 
				‘idaho gem’, the world’s first ever equine clonephoto by 
				chris holloway, ears up photography

				i am often asked what we do with race mules when they are no 
				longer racing. there is a misconception that racing can have 
				negative implications to a mule. i learned this first hand. when 
				i was struggling to locate a mule prospect for the upcoming 
				racing season in 2017, i put my request out on facebook to a 
				group that has some 4000+ members. from the feedback i received, 
				the one that stood out the most was “why wreck a good mule by 
				putting it on the race track, enough with this nonsense?” i was 
				shocked as i had no idea there was this perception out there. 
				while this article is not to convince anyone of the good that 
				comes to these mules from racing, it is merely to educate those 
				who are not familiar with the mule racing industry and share 
				with you some pretty awesome stories about what happens to these 
				mules when they are no longer racing. to read the full 
				article, 

				click here

				 

senorita makes mule racing history by don jacklin: president, 
				american mule racing association

“driving, held determinedly, no mistakes”....these were some 
				of the words published in the ‘daily race rag’ to describe 
				senorita in her previous races leading up to the big race in 
				fresno, as she embarked on her quest to finish out a first ever 
				in the history of mule racing, undefeated championship season.
				october 16th, fresno county fair marked the final race 
				of the 2016 racing season and senorita came out on top, 
				capturing the world championship title and the fresno amra gold 
				cup. this marked her second consecutive year to win the world 
				championship title and her 3rd time overall. the challenge 
				requires superior performance throughout the race year against 
				former world champions bjf red ticket and bjf hot ticket. 
in 2013, senorita suffered chip fractures to both of her 
				fetlock joints while in a training session. it nearly marked the 
				end of her racing career. dr. bob schneider, a renowned vet with 
				mckinley peters equine, who specializes in injuries to race 
				horses and had a long history as a vet at portland meadows, 
				evaluated senorita in feb. 2014, as a then 4 year old. it was 
				recommended that she have surgery, followed by several weeks of 
				rehabilitation. she then went back into race training in april 
				2014 and went on to win the championship that same year and has 
				only improved and posted faster times since her this surgery. 
				“we are so fortunate to have of the best lameness specialists 
				and surgeons on this side of the rockies, right in our backyard” 
				said gayle stegmann, gem state mule company, rathdrum, id. he 
				saved her racing career which now stands in earnings over 
				$70,000.senorita is a 6 year old dapple grey molly bred 
				by roger downy and owned by gayle stegmann and david wood. she 
				is trained by ruby thomas and was rode to her championship race 
				in 2016 by jockey lewis godoy. watch for senorita on the 
				california state racing circuit again in 2017 as she vies for 
				her 4th world championship title. popular mules including red 
				ticket, cowboy way, and cali mcgee will be back for what 
				promises to be another exciting racing season.

amra workers' compensation assistance for new and 
				current owners!!amra will pay to member/owner at 
				the end of the racing year an amount per start that will be 
				determined by the board of diretors. funding will be from the 
				general fund and will be in the approximate amount of $20,000!! 
				this financial incentive is designed to encourage new owners and 
				retain current owners and to help in the reduction of costs 
				incurred as a result of the ever-increasing workers' 
				compensation charges.

retired mules, see what life is like after racing, 
click here.

new world racing champion by don jacklin: president, 
				american mule racing association

 senorita, the 2013 3-year old world champion moved rapidly 
				forward in 2015, becoming the new open world champion racing 
				mule.the challenge required superior performances throughout 
				the race year against former world champions bjf red ticket and 
				bjf hot ticket, with a culminating and convincing win in the 
				fresno amra gold cup.owned by gayle stegmann and dave 
				wood, ridden by jockey joe crispin and trained by ruby thomas, 
				senorita exploded out of the fresno gate on october 17, 
				increasing her lead in the 440 yard race, and winning by 4 
				lengths. fresno racing crowds are the largest on the california 
				fair racing circuit with attendance soaring from 5,000 to 
				10,000.all 3 world champions will again be competing 
				against each other in 2016, along with the new 2015 3 year old 
				world champion, “shu fly”.for further information 
				contact the american racing mule association.

photos of the 2013 amra awards banquet held in reno, nv,
				click here.

				local hospice officials say thanks for mule betting opportunity
annual event presented great fundraising opportunity for the 
				all-volunteer organization,
				click here

black ruby: 2012 equus hall of fame winner


photo by: marcie lewis

				black ruby, a nineteen year-old retired racing mule mare, is 
				this year's equine hall of fame inductee. credited as the 
				"winning-est racing mule of all time", she now spends her time 
				mentoring yearlings and two year-olds at her home in healdsburg, 
				ca. (click 
				here to read more)

				from the california horse racing board 2008-09 annual report



				click image for larger version

				for photos from the 2009 winnemucca mule days race meet, please 
				visit
				
				www.mischkapics.smugmug.com.




				bar jf hot ticket


				sarah nelson


 
			













don 
									jacklin
president



roger 
									downey
									vice president


bert 
									johnson, md
									member


david 
									wood
									member



mary 
									mcpherson
									member


becky 
									reimers
									member



kate 
									phariss
									secretary/treasurer
									advisor to the board














			 
			american donkey & mule society



















