































	nursing opportunities - careers in nursing education




            your browser does not support javascript,please enable javascript,otherwise many
            features of site will be disabled!










                    online education programs







                                 
                            




 









                             
                        

faq | 
                                contact 


                             
                        







                        + home






                        + nursing degrees



nursing administration degrees
rn to bsn degrees
view all




 

                        + online nursing programs



bachelor in rn to bsn
rn to msn degrees
certificate programs
associate nursing programs
bachelor nursing programs
masters nursing programs
view all




 

                        + nursing schools



nursing schools in california
nursing schools in arizona
nursing schools in florida
nursing schools in georgia
nursing schools in new york
nursing schools in texas
nursing schools in washington
view all




 

                        + states



nursing programs in california
nursing programs in georgia
nursing programs in new york
nursing programs in texas
view all




 

                        + nursing careers



how to become a midwife
how to become a nurse
how to become a registered nurse
certified nursing assistant
how to become a truma nurse
licensed practical nurse
how to become a nurse anesthetist
view all




 

                        + resources



accelerated nursing programs
cna classes online
lpn schools
online lpn programs
view all
























                            top programs
                        










                        search school by state






related links


crna schools in texas
lpn classes
lpn course duration
lpn course outline
lpn programs in new york
lpn programs in pa
lpn schools
mba in nursing
nursing careers
nursing degrees
nursing infograhpics
nursing jobs in alaska
nursing schools in arizona
nursing schools in california
nursing schools in florida
nursing schools in georgia
nursing schools in new york
nursing schools in texas
nursing schools in washington
online nursing schools
rn programs in california
rn to bsn programs


 







            find nursing schools and programs
 
 



		according to a report issued by the bureau of labor statistics (bls) in april 2011, 428,000 jobs were added in the healthcare industry during the 18 months of recession from december 2007 till june 2009, with the industry showing steady growth since. the report also stated that this growth has not been affected by previous recessions or fluctuations in the business cycle either.


		another report issued by the bls on 19th december, 2013 pointed out that occupations related to the healthcare sector are projected to add new jobs compared to every other sector from the year 2012 to 2022. bls also projected that total employment in this sector would increase by 10.8 percent from 2012 to 2022.

		nurses work within the healthcare industry, and assist physicians, doctors and therapists in treating patients.

		 

		 

		nursing degree programs

		 

		several universities across the united states provide online and on-campus degree programs in nursing education. these programs may include:


nursing certificate


		this program compliments your degree rather than replacing it. a certificate can help you further your education. different universities and colleges offer different specialized certificates in nursing. several of these specialized certificates may include:


			certificate in health informatics

			clinical research management certificate

			post master’s nursing certificate

			certificate in nursing education


		these certificates may be offered on-campus or online, depending upon your preference and your choice of university or college. normally, the certificate emphasizes areas such as patient safety, online data management and health records etc.


bachelor of science in nursing


		the bachelor of science in nursing program focuses on nursing courses along with biological and social sciences. this degree program is offered at most of the universities and colleges across the united states. students may successfully complete this degree program within four years. core courses may include assessment of health and illness, structure and function of the human body, pharmacology, research approach in nursing and community health nursing etc.

		a student may complete this degree both online and on-campus depending on the choice of university or college and the student’s preferences.


master’s of nursing degree


		students who pursue a master’s of nursing degree program are typically registered nurses. this master’s degree program is designed to enhance various abilities and train students to respect the patients regardless of their gender, cast or creed, analyze various social, political and technological implications for nurses and the healthcare sector, acquire advanced knowledge of behavioral and social sciences, examining healthcare delivery issues and investigate the different theories of nursing practices.

		this program may be offered on-campus as well as online, depending upon the university or college choice a student makes. various specializations may include:


			clinical nurse specialist program

			acute care pediatric nurse program

			primary care nurse program

			nurse-midwife program

			family nurse program

			health systems and nursing leadership program

			peace corps international program

			occupational health nursing program


		 


doctoral nursing programs


		normally, there are several doctoral programs in nursing that are offered by various colleges and universities across the united states. you may get yourself enrolled in one of these programs for both on-campus classes as well as online classes, depending on your university or college options and preferences. several universities allow students to take both online classes and on-campus classes at the same time. the doctoral programs in nursing may include:


			doctor of philosophy (phd) in nursing


		this program emphasizes on the development of nursing theory and aims at enhancing the student’s researching and critical analysis abilities. the curriculum focuses on various areas including health promotion, vulnerable population and chronic illness care. the program provides advanced knowledge of a scientific research area to a student and trains the student to conduct research on new and already established nursing theories.


			post-masters doctor of nursing practice


		this program has been designed to incorporate leadership abilities and advanced practice in the candidates. the program is focused on clinical research and methods. the curriculum aims to enhance your abilities in making health policies and using information technology to potentially improve the healthcare system.

		 


licensed practical nurse (lpn)


		an lpn assists and helps physicians, doctors and registered nurses. if you are interested in increasing your prospects of becoming an lpn, then you must get yourself enrolled in a state approved lpn program. several nursing schools and community colleges offer programs with online lpn classes. after completing this program you must pass the national council licensure examination to increase your chances of becoming an lpn.

		 

career and job outlook

		a nurse may work in several capacities; a case-manager, clinical nurse, nurse educator and research nurse etc, depending upon your educational level.

		according to bls, the median annual salary of registered nurses was $65,470 in 2012, while the median salary of licensed nurses (lpns) was $41,540 in the same year.

	 


nursing states

nursing programs in alabama


nursing programs in california


nursing programs in florida


nursing programs in georgia


nursing programs in illinois


nursing programs in michigan


nursing programs in new york


nursing programs in ohio


nursing programs in pennsylnvania


nursing programs in texas


nursing programs in virginia


nursing programs in washington


nursing board

alabama board of nursing


arizona board of nursing


california board of nursing


georgia board of nursing


kentucky board of nursing


nc board of nursing

nursing degrees

bachelors in nursing


masters in nursing


nursing certifications

nursing resources

accelerated nursing programs


online lpn programs


online cna classes


nursing careers

how to become a midwife


how to become a nurse


how to become a nurse anesthetist


how to become a nurse practitioner


how to become a registered nurse


icu nurse


international nursing


legal nurse


licensed practical nurse


lpn salary


medical surgical nursing certification


mental health nursing


how to become a military nurse


how to become a neonatal nurse


neonatal nurse practitioner programs


certified registered nurse anesthetist


nurse practitioners


nurse salary


career in nursing administration


nursing roles


nursing specialties


how to become an ob nurse


how to become a occupational health nurse


how to become a pediatric nurse


private duty nursing


how to become a psychiatric nurse practitioner


registered nurse salary


surgical nurse


trauma nurse certification


wound care nurse


acute care nurse practitioner


adult nurse practitioner salary


advanced practice nurse


how to becocme a cardiac nurse


certified emergency nurse certification


how to become a certified nursing assistant


pediatric nurse certification


clinical nurse specialist programs


community health nursing


correctional nursing


critical care nursing


how to become a dermatology nurse


emergency room nurse


family nurse practitioner


flight nurse salary


forensic nurse salary


geriatric nursing


holistic nursing


home health nursing


how to become a flight nurse


how to become a hospice nurse




 














privacy policy







™ ® © 2001 -
                            2025
                            all rights reserved.











