


obnoxious droppings






















    
	obnoxious droppings
	
  
a former sgt in the us marines, us army and australian federal police - with an attitude problem - looking at the shits & giggles of life from a quasi-conservative point of view * * *  

warning!  strong language follows!  * * *




16 december, 2008



	 
	 hard to believe
	 
    


it's been a busy couple of days.on sunday, my baby girl, attitude with legs, turned 32.  i love you, little girl!then yesterday, she who must be obeyed and i celebrated our 35th anniversary.  with everything i've put that woman through, with my back problems and ptsd, i can't believe she's stuck around this long.  i guess it's amazing what trust and respect will do.  i'm the luckiest man in the world to have found such a loving, caring angel - and i hope others out there can be so lucky!



posted by goc in winston salem @ 07:40






 | 

09 december, 2008



	 
	 s&g - ecoweenies and others
	 
    


i know - it's been a month.  i just don't seem to have the fire in the belly since the two year election.  so this is going to be a "when the muse strikes" blog for a while.now for the fun:there's a group of save the planet idiots who are trying to grow more plankton in the oceans, since they absorb co2.  i don't think they know that plankton generates over 50% of our oxygen, not their pretty trees.  by growing more plankton, they will be adding more oxy into the atmosphere, which may kill off any plants or animals that can't adapt to the higher level.  i wonder if these scientists have ever heard of the law of unintended consequences?and, of course, the ecoweenies have killed off their favorite theory - darwin's natural selection, or evolution.  by placing everything they can think of on endangered lists, as well as humans breeding for recessives, evolution has been killed.  in order for evolution to work you need a species to go extinct in order to open a niche for others to fill.  dipshits.now one of my pet peeves - while all these states are banning hand-held cell phones, our car manufacturers are putting gps, restaurant lists, maps, etc, right smack in the middle of the dashboard, so you have to take your eyes off the road.  i know most speak, but people are still going to look at the map, causing them to either go off-road or wandering across lanes.  what are these folks thinking?and finally, the owner of the chicago cubs, the tribune co, has filed for bankruptcy.  unfortunately, the cubs are not included in the bankruptcy.  not only has it been over 100 years since they won a world series (and since 1945 that they even made it there), they can't even file bankruptcy right!wait 'til next decade!!



posted by goc in winston salem @ 07:26






 | 

11 november, 2008



	 
	 veterans day
	 
    


today is a day for peace and reflection for myself and all my brother and sister veterans, past or present, and to celebrate the lives of those who gave all in defence of our nation.i wish you all peace, and tolerate those who say, "happy veterans day" - they do not know better but at least they remember.and if the reflection starts to get too much, go mow the lawn or something.



posted by goc in winston salem @ 12:01






 | 

10 november, 2008



	 
	 attitude check
	 
    


i got the following from a friend who's brother is a disabled vet.  by what i was told he wrote this, but if that's incorrect i'll give the deserving citation to it when i get it:i think says it all: we have lost our spiritual equilibrium and reversed our values; we have exploited the poor and called it the lottery; we have rewarded laziness and called it welfare; we have killed our unborn and called it choice; we have shot abortionists and called it justifiable; we have neglected to discipline our children and called it building self-esteem; we have abused power and called it politics; we have coveted our neighbors possessions and called it ambition; we have polluted the air with profanity and pornography and called it freedom of expression; we have ridiculed the time honored values of our forefathers and called it enlightenment. there's a little more but that's the general content of the prayer that paul harvey aired on his radio program. the political fools as well as all the social trash that are the ones that voted obama into office should remember this: if you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything. that accurately described the obama supporter, none of them stood for anything, and they all fell for his bullshit. those that opposed obama are going to have a lot of fun over the next 4 years, saying "see, i told you so."



posted by goc in winston salem @ 09:32






 | 




	 
	 happy birthday, my brothers
	 
    


today the united states marine corps turns 233 years old.  may all my brothers have a happy day!



posted by goc in winston salem @ 06:01






 | 

09 november, 2008



	 
	 a really bad week
	 
    


i haven't written this last week because of a bad case of depression - depression over the continuing death spiral of this once great nation.  on halloween night in south carolina, a father took three of his children trick-or-treating, while his wife and toddler followed in the car.  now, a standard signal of halloween participation is having the front light on.the four went up to one house.  inside was a recently ex-con.  instead of answering the door, this felon picked up his fully-automatic ak-47 (illegal for anyone without a proper license to own, and illegal for a convicted felon to own any firearm).  he then emptied a 30-round magazine thru the door and front walls, instantly killing the 12 year old son and maiming the father and another child.  you tell me - what new gun law would have prevented this?then on tuesday we elected a new president who ran on a ticket of bread and circuses for the masses.  many people i've talked to said they liked what obama said.  i replied yes, he's great at rhetoric, but did you actually listen to the words?  over 90% admitted they hadn't.  now that we have a half arab (no, not half black) president who has promised the world, what's going to happen when he reneges on those promises?ever since the 60's, this once great nation has gone from we to me, and more and more that me means me to the exclusion of all others.about 200 years ago, our second president, john adams, made a very prophetic statement when speaking of our three branches of government: "we have no government armed with power capable of contending with human passions unbridled by morality and religion.  avarice, ambition, revenge or gallantry would break the strongest cords of our constitution as a whale goes through a net.  our constitution was made only for a moral and religious people.  it is wholly inadequate to the government of any other."



posted by goc in winston salem @ 14:33






 | 

01 november, 2008



	 
	 s&g - follow the bouncing numbers
	 
    


first, i have to give congratulations to my daughter, attitude with legs.  even with having back surgery and all the pain she's gone through, both before and after the surgery, she's gotten her associates degree - cum laud no less.  i couldn't be prouder of her, going back to school and pulling these kind of grades.now for the fun.  are you rich?  you'd better check that 1040, because there's a real good chance you're gonna get hammered.  remember when obama said that everyone who makes less than $250,000 would get a tax break, while those making more would get shafted?  well, he's now said that limit is $200,000 - i saw him say it, so there's no mistake.  then his running mate joe (boy, this shoe is tasty) biden said that the limit will be $150,000.  to the best of my knowledge obama hasn't corrected him.  then bill richardson, one of obama's advisers, said the limit will be $120,000.by the time they finally figure it out, anyone who pays taxes is going to be considered rich!and on a different note, luke air force base is located just west of phoenix, az.  it's been there since 1941, but lately urban sprawl has housing moving into this area.  i received the following in an email, and i have no reason to believe it's not factual:noise complaint at luke afb, az luke afb is west of phoenix and is rapidly being surrounded by civilization that complains about the noise from the base and its planes, forgetting that it was there long before they were. a certain lieutenant colonel at luke afb deserves a big pat on the back. apparently, an individual who lives somewhere near luke afb wrote the local paper complaining about a group of f-16s that disturbed his/her day at the mall. when that individual read the response from a luke afb officer, it must have stung quite a bit. the complaint: question of the day for luke air force base:whom do we thank for the morning air show? last wednesday, at precisely 9:11 a.m, a tight formation of four f-16 jets made a low pass over arrowhead mall, continuing west over bell road at approximately 500 feet. imagine our good fortune! do the tom cruise-wannabes feel we need this wake-up call, or were they trying to impress the cashiers at mervyns early bird special? any response would be appreciated. the response: regarding 'a wake-up call from luke's jets' on 15 june, precisely 09:12, a perfectly-timed four-ship fly by of f-16s from the 63rd fighter squadron at luke air force base flew over the grave of capt. jeremy fresques. capt. fresques was an air force officer who was previously stationed at luke air force base and was killed in iraq on 30 may, memorial day. at 0900, his family and friends gathered at sunland memorial park in sun city to mourn the loss of a husband, son and friend. based on the letter writer's recount of the fly by, and because of the jet noise, i'm sure you didn't hear the rifle salute, the playing of taps, or my words to the widow and parents of capt. fresques as i gave them their son's flag on behalf of the president of the united states and all those veterans and servicemen and women who understand the sacrifices they have endured. a four-ship fly by is a display of respect the air force gives to those who give their lives in defense of freedom. we are professional aviators and take our jobs seriously; on 15 june what the letter writer witnessed was four officers lining up to pay their respects. the letter writer asks, 'whom do we thank for the morning air show? the 56th fighter wing will make the call for you, and forward your thanks to the widow and parents of capt fresques, and we will thank them for you, for it was in their honor that my pilots flew the most honorable formation of their lives.lt. col. scott pleusco 63rd fighter squadronluke afbi love it when slimy civilians run their mouth with an empty brain.



posted by goc in winston salem @ 10:58






 | 

29 october, 2008



	 
	 s&g - two quickies
	 
    


first, "news" outlets like the new york times and newsweek, among many others, have already decided the election.  they are spending their time and ink speculating on who obama is going to appoint to what cabinet positions.  do you think there's any mention of mccain?  even in passing?if you have ever believed that we have an impartial press, i recommend long-term professional care.also - and this is the scary one - obama's campaign people are accepting donations made through prepaid credit cards.  these cards can be bought at drug stores, grocery stores and just about anywhere else.  there is no way to track back where these donations came from - the money can be from foreign nationals, government contractors, unions, donors who have exceeded their limits or other illegal sources.by accepting this anonymous cash (which is a no-no in the first place), the federal election commission could rip obama a new asshole.but i wouldn't hold my breath.



posted by goc in winston salem @ 09:42






 | 

28 october, 2008



	 
	 grab yer ankles - again
	 
    


so - after ms barbara west quoted "from each according to his abilities to each according to their needs" (by karl marx, not harpo or groucho), the centerpiece of obama's platform, joe biden  got all huffy and refused to continue the interview.  he even had the gall to ask her who was writing her questions.now, ms west - and her family - are being dragged thru the mud by obama's folks who are looking for anything to discredit her (carville tactics again), and they have shut down that station from any further contact with the democrats.is it just me, or does this sound kinda like hugo chavez?



posted by goc in winston salem @ 08:15






 | 

26 october, 2008



	 
	 s&g - all over the place
	 
    


i was doing a little calculating - i have nothing else to do with my spare time - and worked out the "accuracy" of the so-called jdam smart bombs.the bomb itself is claimed to hit within 10 meters of the aiming point. if you can do it without getting run over, take a piece of chalk and a long piece of string. mark a center point, then measure out 39 feet of string and, using the center point, draw an arc. now jdams come in two flavors - small and large. the small one has a blast radius of 26 feet, so mark the arc you have and draw another arc 26 feet from that initial arc.  the large jdam has a blast radius of 82 feet, so from the original arc mark that out.  that comes to 121 feet from ground zero.  that's a smart bomb?i've also been doing some actual research on facts regarding global warming, and have some up with some interesting items.  first, some months ago an experiment was held in a jungle (they're not rain forests, dammit!) where they pumped extra co2 into an area for a week.  when they came back, the leaves in that area had turned yellow - they couldn't cope with the added co2.  how many trees in summer have you seen with sickly yellow leaves?  secondly, one decent size volcano eruption puts more poisons and "greenhouse gasses" into the atmosphere than all of america's factories and cars can in a year.  and while everyone blames the u.s. for the so-called warming, has anyone noticed that china, for the last century, has been using soft brown coal to generate their electricity and other fires needed in their factories.  and we're the bad guys?and is anyone else tired of the bouncing numbers of those without health insurance?  40 million, 47, 46 - make up my mind.  now, let's have a look at who these people are.  at least the 12 million illegals a year aren't covered, and millions of employees who have company health plans that require their participation opt out, so they and their families aren't covered.if you want health insurance, go buy it.  medicare and medicaid cover many who are genuinely in need, but also cover way to many who are scamming the system.yeah - i'm pissed off - again - still - yet.



posted by goc in winston salem @ 15:16






 | 

22 october, 2008



	 
	 bye, american
	 
    


have you noticed that there hasn't been many "buy american" campaigns lately?  wonder why?here in north carolina i've watched most of the textile plants close, throwing thousands out of work.  hanes brands, located here, has been closing factories.  just south of me is thomasville, who has been synonymous with furniture for decades.  even that town is seeing corporations close.other than york barbells, have you seen any sporting equipment made in the u.s. in the last 10 - 15 years?  how about electronics?  about the only cars still made in the u.s. are toyota, honda and bmw.  the big three (soon to be the anemic two) have outsourced to canada and mexico years ago.even our energy.  hell - even china and cuba are drilling oil in the gulf of mexico, where we're not allowed to go.  laws passed back when carter was  president have prevented us from being energy-independent by making it illegal to drill for oil off the coast of our country.  even if we are allowed to drill, it won't do much good, since we can't refine the crude - no new refineries have been built in the last 30 years.  come to think of it, no new nuclear plants have been built in that time either.this leaves us the choices of importing almost 90% of our oil, burning coal, or hydro electric (but the dams kill fish).  solar and wind are nice, but years away from being of any use.in australia, the government pays to convert your car to run on natural gas, and it's readily available at every gas station.  what's our problem?  we put catalytic converters on our cars so they can spew carbon dioxide.  good move.until we get serious about our energy and labor costs, you can continue to watch our nation go to the dogs - if they'll have it.



posted by goc in winston salem @ 09:13






 | 





about me

name:  goc in winston salem 
location:  winston salem, north carolina, united states 
an ounce of image is worth a pound of performance

at a very young age i suffered from a crossing of the anal and optic nerves.  it gave me a very shitty outlook on life
view my complete profile

recent squats

hard to believe
s&g - ecoweenies and others
veterans day
attitude check
happy birthday, my brothers
a really bad week
s&g - follow the bouncing numbers
s&g - two quickies
grab yer ankles - again
s&g - all over the place

archives

july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008

covering my six (asterisk denotes non-blogging site)



     










   










