




kentucky railway museum | events & train rides in ky




































train rides & tours
gift shop

support

donate
membership
volunteer
crew 152



about

equipment
history



media room








humanities grant
kentucky colonels grant






faq
mission statement
contact us



area info

attractions
lodging
dining


museum
search
calendar






calendar  








kentucky railway museum

winter hours: tuesday, wednesday and friday 9am-4pm saturday: 11 am-4pm closed monday, thursday and sunday







1-800-272-0152 | info@kyrail.org








			your browser does not support the video tag.
		







support the museum
as an operating railroad dedicated to preserving our rail heritage, krm has a number of restoration projects underway in addition to the daily operating expenses associated with the railroad and the museum.
donate today 









volunteering
the kentucky railway museum is seeking volunteers to join in the efforts to preserve railroad history. wide arrays of volunteer opportunities are available from working in the restoration shop, train engineers, train conductors, diesel locomotive, car hosts, lending a hand to help with special events and fundraisers, and much more!
learn more about volunteering 









membership
the kentucky railway museum offers a variety of membership types based on your individual needs. each membership package comes with added benefits that you may use throughout the course of your membership term.
become a member 




rave reviews from our guests!





this was my little boy's dream to ride on a train, we couldn't have asked for a better one to share his experience with. everyone is so friendly and makes you feel at home! conductor rick was very knowledgeable and educational! we enjoyed the pleasant home-like atmosphere and down-to-earth conversations with everyone we met. thank you to everyone, you made my little boy's birthday amazing! highly recommend!!!!
- kimberly c.





this was a girlfriend's day trip. the 4 of us had a great time, the food bite pairings with the wines were very good plus additional cheese, crackers, fruit, water and chocolate was plentiful. we drank a glass or two of wine on the train and the conductor was very engaging and funny. we will do this again!
- valblue





i came with my girlfriend and some other friends for the wine and dine, it was very fun and memorable!
- sean b.





the magic of christmas! such an amazing & friendly staff! a wonderful christmas themed, informative & scenic train ride (over an hour) enjoyed by everyone and accompanied by santa, mrs.c, reindeer and elves! mrs. claus read a book to the children as they enjoyed their hot chocolate and cookies (included in the price of tickets) several activities & crafts were included as well.
- donna g.





we love the railway museum! it's so fun for kids and all the employees and volunteers are wonderful.
- amber l.





fantastic wine and cheese train ride organized by forest edge winery at the kentucky railway museum.
- alea t.





our family had an amazing time! the whole event was well organized and well put together. the hot chocolate and cookies were excellent. santa was perfect. we will be back next year!
- jeni r.





we took the grandchildren ages 5 and 2 for the saturday excursion. the facilities were clean and the staff very friendly. the train ride was just over an hour and the kids really loved it. the gift shop has lots of train related items available for purchase. highly recommended. great for all ages!
- michelle r.





we enjoyed the whole experience! it was the first time my granddaughter had been on a train ride. she enjoyed it very much!!
- patty z.





my wife and i have taken our children to several events held at the railway museum. the events are always fun and well coordinated. the kids have a great time and always enjoy the day. the museum has a huge model train exhibit to see with other old items to show the history of the rails. i would recommend going to any event.
- jeremy d.





i recently visited with a friend and our preteen grandchildren. all four of us took lots of photographs and the children especially enjoyed getting to climb up into an old caboose. the guide really knew his stuff (answered tons of questions) and made it an enjoyable tour for us all.
- beth w.





husband and i loved stepping back in time for the great train robbery. was our first time doing this,but you better believe we will visit again. would love to bring our grandkids out for santa. and diffently want to ride the dinner train. everyone was super nice. keep the events coming. we will be looking forward to seeing more.
- dawn s.





the tour included railroad history and a complete guided tour of any and all trains and cars we wanted to see. the guides were knowledgeable of all aspects of each locomotive and cars from engine to caboose. i highly recommend this as a do not miss stop.
- mitch t.





the trip to the north pole was fantastic!! amazing helpers for santa and the conductors were loving all over the children and made it the big deal it was for my three-year-old boy. thanks for the memories and the magic!
- trisha g.













support

donate
volunteer
membership
crew 152



about

equipment
history
faq
mission statement
contact us



136 south main st. po box 240new haven, ky 400511-800-272-0152 | info@kyrail.org








©  kentucky railway museum.all rights reserved. | adminwebsite designed by the web guys.


















