



	long island waterfront catering hall | weddings | corporate events | banquets | ny


































home
menu
wedding diamond seated menu
wedding platinum seated menu
wedding buffet menu
sweet sixteen menu
elegant additions
south asian menu


packages
sweet sixteen packages
south asian packages
south asian packages


galleries
atrium
bayview
ceremony
dockside
flowers
gallery
outside
stage decor


planning
contact us
testimonials
directions







 631-225-0400









 


























































fake rolex
home







waterfront




the chateau la mer is proud to present its newly renovated veranda...












promotions & value dates




enhance your special day by taking advantage of one our exclusive offers....












yacht arrivals




imagine your wedding day romance—you sip champagne...













https://www.facebook.com/chateaulamer/

click here to buy your tickets


https://thesterlingcaterers.com/




long island's premier banquet hall & events venue

welcome to the chateau la mer!
set on the beautiful waters of the great south bay, the chateau la mer invites you and your guests to enjoy long island's most spectacular panoramic waterfront view.
imagine the excitement as you make a grand entrance to this waterfront palace aboard a private yacht supplied by the chateau la mer. this memorable arrival will allow your photographer unparalleled opportunities while impressing all of your family and friends.
your guests will enjoy exclusive use of our multi level waterside patio for your indoor/outdoor cocktail hour feast or your outdoor wedding ceremony in our romantic gazebo. the pristine waters of the bay and our beautifully landscaped gardens and waterfalls will provide a spectacular backdrop to turn your photographs into treasured memories to last a lifetime.
as we escort you and your guests into our newly renovated ballrooms you will enjoy breathtaking views while being surrounded by the classic elegance of imported marble and granite, rich woods and opulent draperies all tastefully highlighted by sparkling crystal chandeliers. you will be greeted by our attentive, professionally trained and supervised staff completely dedicated to anticipating and satisfying your needs and desires. for your dining pleasure you will be presented gourmet cuisine prepared by our master chefs using the freshest and finest ingredients available.
our thirty years of experience will ensure you that none of the fine details of your special day will be overlooked as we combine extraordinary food, superior service and an elegant atmosphere to turn your wedding into the perfect dream come true.
 
waterfront catering hall • banquet hall • wedding venue • reception hall
on the south shore of long island in lindenhurst, ny, overlooking the great south bay in suffolk county. 




123 movies











home
menu
planning
contact us
testimonials
directions




 























chateau la mer 845 south wellwood avenue lindenhurst, ny 11757


p. (631) 225-0400 f. (631) 225-9897




copyright © 2014 chateau la mer. all rights reserved. an msedp webdugout website v5  |  sitemap












join our newsletter: 

  
           
          
    


an msedp webdugout website v5  |  sitemap






pendik escortkurtköy escort









