












blinds & window coverings franchise | budget blinds franchise

  












        skip to content
    




































open search bar
























                        (866) 959-2251
                    























            why budget blinds
        













                    why budget blinds
                




        our story
    





        home improvement industry
    





        benefits
    





        services we provide
    





        awards and recognition
    






        training & support
    





        testimonials
    





        leadership
    





        family of brands
    


 

                            why budget blinds
                        







            investment
        













                    investment
                




        financing
    





        franchising for veterans
    


 

                            investment
                        






available territories


why you


faqs


blog & news


inquire now





















own the #1 window coverings & blinds franchise












extreme makeover: home edition


we're proud to have partnered with extreme makeover: home edition on hgtv. 









now's the time! 
change your life.


budget blinds has turned thousands of entrepreneurs into business owners.  



 






  give your financial future a lift
open a window into your future with the #1 provider of custom window coverings franchise in north america. budget blinds, established in 1992, has nearly 1,500 franchise territories that serve over 10,000 cities. we offer exclusive design-driven window coverings solutions that consumers can shop at home for, and provide our customers with free in-home consultations, virtual consultations, window measurements, and installation services. every week, our budget blinds franchisees install 50,000 blinds, shades, shutters, draperies, and smart home solutions across the u.s. and canada.
hear from our franchise leadership team









franchise opportunities available
for over 30 years, we’ve been turning thousands of entrepreneurs into successful business owners. our franchisee training package covers everything from immersive product knowledge, installation, the consultative sales process, to comprehensive local area marketing programs and our complete operations platform to run your business. you’ll have access to expert support teams every step of the way with a budget blinds franchise. 
as the #1 window coverings franchise in north america, we are more than just a blinds franchise. we offer convenient shop-at-home services for shades, shutters, drapes, smart home automation solutions, and other home décor decorative accents including rugs, pillows, and bedding, and more. change your life today as a budget blinds franchise owner. 












                we are committed to your success.
            


we are committed to providing our franchisees with the products, quality training, and support they need for a successful franchise business. learn more on why we're the leader in creating franchise opportunities that last a lifetime.

more about the opportunity














                invest in your future. change your life. 
            


budget blinds offers a low cost of entry, low inventory, low overhead business model, and ease of start-up. with us, you can quickly be on your way to being a successful local business owner. see our investment section for details.  

more about the investment










hear from our franchisees


see why so many satisfied franchise business owners have chosen budget blinds. learn how they realized their dream of owning a business and owning their lives.


read more testimonials
    






my life, my family time, everything about budget blinds met every criteria i was looking for. it affords me financial freedom. i get to make my own schedule and i get to run the business how i want to run it. it’s been one of the best decisions of my life.”






                    - jordan craft, budget blinds, beaufort, sc
                








 #16 overall ranking


entreprenuer franchise 500® 2024

read more





 ranked #1 in category


entreprenuer franchise 500® 2024
read more




 top 200 franchises


franchise business review® 2024
read more






explore the next steps
provide your contact information and we'll be in touch via phone, email or text to help you learn how owning a budget blinds franchise can enrich your lifestyle and financial goals.



















first name



last name



phone



email address



zip/postal code



country

country
usa
canada
mexico
others



how did you hear about us?

how did you hear about us?
entreprenuer.com
facebook
franchise business review
franchise direct
franchise opportunities network
franchise times
friend/referral
google
instagram
linkedin
podcast
print ad
youtube
other















all fields are required. we don't share your information.

click to call now









follow us































































                                                about us
                                                







leadership


family of brands









                                                get more information
                                                







inquire now









                                                company & brands
                                                







home franchise concepts


budget blinds


the tailored closet


concrete craft


two maids









                                                company & brands
                                                







premiergarage


advantaclean


kitchen tune-up


bath tune-up


aussie pet mobile


lightspeed restoration








site map






privacy policy


privacy policy for california residents


do not sell my info


accessibility







this is not an offering to sell a franchise. franchise offerings are made through the franchise disclosure document. budget blinds® is a registered trademark of budget blinds, llc. in the united states and in other countries. all other trademarks, brand names or product names belong to their respective owners.
© 2025 budget blinds, llc.  all rights reserved.












budget blinds, llc uses cookies. cookies help track user website behavior for functionality, analytics, and marketing and may share your information with third parties. by visiting this website you agree to our use of cookies. find out more here.

























