








wisconsin 4-h – division of extension











































































skip to content







 



wisconsin 4-h
division of extension



menu


welcome

about
news
living the mission
the wisconsin 4-h movement
4-h pledge


4-h opportunities

join 4-h
calendar
clubs
projects
camps
statewide events and opportunities
wisconsin distance learning
wisconsin 4-h & americorps
become a volunteer


resources

volunteer resources
resource library
wisconsin 4-h policies
4-h is for everyone
staff resources


contact us
 
 


search





search for:











search for:



 

















welcome! we’re glad you’re here.
when you join 4-h, you’re a part of something big! 4-h is the nation’s largest youth development organization, with more than six million members and over 90,000 clubs.
the four h’s are head, heart, hands, and health. that means we are committed to providing opportunities for youth to learn life skills like decision-making, problem solving, caring for others, generosity, making healthy choices, and more.
4-h involves youth in project-based education. through project learning, youth can explore their interests (“sparks”) and master new skills. 4-h projects are meant to be hands on to create a memorable learning experience. since 4-h started in the early 1900s, youth have learned by doing. this hands-on process allows youth to understand not only how to do something but also why they are doing it.
most 4-h youth and the adults who care about them get their start with a 4-h club. clubs can meet in a variety of settings so we can support youth where they are in the community, in schools, after school, and in military settings. 4-h youth can take part in camps, educational travel experiences, workshops, and much more, as they explore their sparks.
in all of these settings, youth have the chance to become leaders. youth make decisions. youth can make their voices heard. the most important part of 4-h is youth.


4-h vision
a world in which youth and adults learn, grow, and work together as catalysts for positive change.


4-h grows
a promise to america’s kids in 2025, 4-h will reflect the population demographics, vulnerable populations, diverse needs and social conditions of the country.


4-h mission
4-h empowers youth to reach their full potential working and learning in partnership with caring adults.



latest news
view all the latest 4-h news. you can also subscribe to our statewide 4-h newsletter below for bi-weekly email updates from wisconsin 4-h!
2025 wisconsin 4-h foundation scholarship applications now being acceptedwinners & finalists of the 2024 cedar crest ice cream flavor contest!art beat 2025

news archive
subscribe to our newsletter



 
courtesy national 4-h council
 

wisconsin lives out the national vision and mission by focusing on expanding access through diversity, equity and inclusion, nurturing developmental relationships among young people and through youth-adult partnerships, providing opportunities for civic engagement and leadership, and, expanding post-secondary pathways for young people.

live our mission






4-h movement
4-h values are represented in the 4‑h movement.
learn more


4-h opportunities
we can’t wait to see what youth will do, learn, and achieve in 4-h.
clubs | projects | camps | experiences


4-h: join us
when you join 4-h, you’re a part of something big! 4-h is the nation’s largest youth development organization, with more than six million members and over 90,000 clubs.
join 4-h





4-h pledge
head, heart, hands, and health are the four hs in 4‑h, and they are the four values members work on through fun and engaging programs.
i pledge my head to clearer thinking, my heart to greater loyalty, my hands to larger service, and my health to better living, for my club, my community, my country, and my world.

from pledge to practice






this page is optimized for printing

 















 

division of extension
 connecting people with the university of wisconsin











 

agriculture
community development
health & well-being
families & finances
natural resources
positive youth development




wisconsin 4-h partnersupham woods outdoor learning center
wisconsin youth livestock program
wisconsin 4-h foundation
national 4-h partners4-h national council
usda-nifa federal 4-h grant funding



contact us4-h interest form
wisconsin 4-h staff directory
care to share feedback form




make a donation











university of wisconsin-madison
      |              explore extension: 
agriculture    
community development     
families & finances     
health     
natural resources     
youth     
 

connect with us
support extension

 
 





extension home




we teach, learn, lead and serve, connecting people with the university of wisconsin, and engaging with them in transforming lives and communities.
explore extension »





county offices



connect with your county extension office »








staff directory



find an extension employee in our staff directory »







social media




get the latest news and updates on extension's work around the state
 facebook
 twitter






facebook






twitter





search all sites










feedback, questions or accessibility issues: info@extension.wisc.edu | © 2025 the board of regents of the university of wisconsin system  privacy policy | non-discrimination policy & how to file a complaint | disability accommodation requests


		an eeo/aa employer, university of wisconsin-madison division of extension provides equal opportunities in employment and programming, including title vi, title ix, the americans with disabilities act (ada) and section 504 of the rehabilitation act requirements.
    














