






oak ridge playhouse | official state community theatre of tennessee












































home
tickets

get tickets
ticket specials
book a school group
buy gift cards


donate
get involved

auditions
volunteer


shop

buy merchandise
buy a gift card


junior playhouse

school groups


about

mission


contact
 


select page


  
 
 
























barefoot in the park

by neil simon

february 14 – 23

corie, a free-spirited optimist, and paul, a reserved attorney, couldn’t be more different. corie’s spontaneity clashes with paul’s practicality, leading to a series of hilarious misunderstandings and endearing reconciliations as the newlyweds embark upon married life in their quirky, cozy new apartment.  as their relationship evolves, the couple not only faces the challenges of wedlock, but also a grueling flight of stairs and an eccentric upstairs neighbor who adds an extra dash of hilarity. love sparkles in neil simon’s delightful romp, reminding us that true love can endure even the quirkiest of circumstances  – and be incredibly fun.

pg-13 audiences

get tickets

sweetheart deal:get 20% off two ticketsfor valentine’s day performance!use code: bemine







special offer











two-show treat

seebarefoot in the parkandcompanyfor only $50

buy now and save 15% when you purchase tickets to both barefoot in the park and company! get both shows for $50!

order now!







upcoming shows







fantastic mr. fox

adapted by david woodfrom the book by roald dahl

march 29-30*, 2025

single tickets on sale march 10
school performances march 27-28

book a school group now



roald dahl’s much-loved story follows the vain attempts of three farmers, boggis, bunce and bean (one fat, one short, one lean), to get rid of the wily fox who regularly steals food from their farms. despite their efforts to do him in by any means possible, the hapless farmers are outwitted at every turn by the fantastic mr. fox, who ultimately devises a plan to ensure full stomachs for his family and friends – all of whom celebrate with a sumptuous feast.

for young audiences







company

music and lyrics by stephen sondheimbook by george furth

may 2-11, 2025

single tickets on sale april 7



surrounded by his circle of married friends, habitually single bobby is forced to question his adamant retention of bachelorhood by examining the joys and pitfalls of companionship.  through an array of amusing and stirring interactions, the couples lead him on a compelling roller coaster of laughter, tears, and introspection. a tour de force of wit, intellect, and emotion, sondheim’s brilliantly brisk and energetic musical score and witty lyrics delve deep into the human psyche, resulting in a delightful cocktail of hilarity, heartache, and self-reflection as bobby explores and  grapples with the idea of settling down himself.

pg-13 audiences













sign up for our e-mail list

























as we come out of these troubling times, remember the artists and arts organizations across tennessee who have had to suspend operations for an indefinite time. a great way to show your support is through the tennessee specialty license plate program.

tnspecialtyplates.org








followfollowfollow









partners

























thanks to our maskapalooza! 2024 sponsors







materials & chemistry lab, inc.consolidated nuclear security, llc.weaver consultingquality private duty carethe eye centertennessee orthodontic studios



tn bankpinnacle financial partnersdr. & mrs. charles and edwena crowemr. & mrs. calrk and monique piercymr. & mrs larry and allie metcalf



 







theatre located in historic jackson square
227 broadway avenue
oak ridge, tn 37830

business office 27 e. tennessee avenue
oak ridge, tn 37830

mailing address p.o. box 5705
oak ridge, tn 37831-5705

contact box office: 865.482.4877
business office: 865.482.9999
e-mail: playhouse@orplayhouse.com

 




 















