
notice:  function _load_textdomain_just_in_time was called incorrectly. translation loading for the woocommerce-serial-key domain was triggered too early. this is usually an indicator for some code in the plugin or theme running too early. translations should be loaded at the init action or later. please see debugging in wordpress for more information. (this message was added in version 6.7.0.) in /opt/bitnami/apps/wordpress/htdocs/wp-includes/functions.php on line 6114







pocket informant – best calendar and task app for mac , ios , and android






































 



















support
my account
my cart

0 items
 












best calendar apps

informant for ios
informant for android
informant for macos
informant for web
compare informant with…


blog
informant sync

informant sync
informant sync for outlook
reset password


 





select page


  
 



 



 










your life organized
the best calendar and task app for managing a busy life

view products








everything you need to stay organized







calendar





tasks & projects





contacts





notes







our products







ios
discover our intuitive and user-friendly ios app, designed to enhance your productivity on the go.

ios





macos
upgrade your mac experience with informant. with multi-device sync, your calendars, tasks, & projects have never been so organized.

macos





android
experience the power of our android app, packed with features to help you stay organized and efficient.

android





web
access your tasks and projects seamlessly from any web browser with our robust web application.

web







gettings things done
discover a seamless approach to productivity with pocket informant, your essential tool for mastering the getting things done (gtd) methodology. gtd, coined by productivity expert david allen, focuses on efficient task management and mental clarity. pocket informant aligns perfectly with this methodology by integrating tasks, events, and notes, providing a unified platform to capture, organize, and execute your to-dos. with customizable views, powerful filtering, and cross-platform accessibility, pocket informant empowers users to streamline their workflow, allowing for better organization and increased productivity within a singular, intuitive interface.

view products











informant for ios version 5.88
get your life in sync with informant for ios – the original pocket planner and a game-changing personal organizer app.
take charge of your calendars, tasks, and projects like a pro. with its seamless setup and compatibility with all your existing calendars, this app has been the trusted go-to for over a decade. don’t miss out on the ultimate power tool for staying on top of your schedule.

read more >







informant for macos version 1.1.27

upgrade your mac experience with informant. with multi-device sync, your calendars, tasks, and projects have never been so organized.
setting up is a breeze, and you can sync seamlessly across devices with informant sync. get all this with a one-time purchase of informant for macos. don’t miss out – subscribe to informant sync for the ultimate experience.

read more >















informant for androidversion 5.01.157
get your life in order with just one app! the ultimate android tool to handle all your calendars, tasks, and projects.
no more juggling multiple apps – streamline everything in one place. setting up is a breeze, and it seamlessly syncs with all your existing calendars. trusted and relied on by millions for over a decade. don’t miss out on the easiest way to stay organized!

read more >







informant for web version 7.2

access all your informant task management data on any web browser. sync your data to your iphone, ipad, mac, and android devices using informant sync.
plus, don’t forget to check out the chrome extension for easy access to the informant for web beta site. keep your calendars, projects, and tasks in one convenient place. organize tasks into projects and create sub-tasks or checklists. with informant, you can customize your task settings to fit your workflow – whether it’s gtd, franklin-style, or simple tasks.

read more >
go to web















informant for sync
get ready to sync like never before with informant sync! this cutting-edge solution is designed by pocket informant owners, so you can trust that it’s 100% compatible with our fantastic mobile apps.
say goodbye to the limitations of microsoft and google syncing, because informant sync has got you covered. we’ll back up all your important info in the cloud and make sure everything stays up-to-date across your informant apps on ios, mac, and android. that means you can sync tags, icons, and smart filters seamlessly. don’t settle for less when it comes to syncing – choose informant sync and take control of your data!

read more >
download







about
pocket informant
our software focuses on mobility software and strives to provide the highest quality software for ios and android. our flagship product is pocket informant. our design philosophy focuses on providing a powerful focus into your daily life in the simplest way possible.
our team is dedicated to providing quality products, which meet the highest standards, to improve our customers lives. we have a reputation for innovative, well-planned, and usable design, striving always to do the right thing. we are a dynamic and fluid company, which allows us to make decisions not bound to rigid policy.











blogs











stick to your new year’s resolutions with pocket informant🎉

by pocket informant | jan 21, 2025the new year always begins with excitement and hope, fueled by a list of resolutions aimed at making life better. whether your goals are about improving your health, managing your finances, or simply organizing your life, the first week of january often feels like a...
read more




🎄how to use pocket informant to organize your magical christmas holiday🎅

by pocket informant | nov 26, 2024try it today! how to use pocket informant to organize your magical christmas holiday the holiday season is full of joy, warmth, and activities that make it memorable. but let’s be honest—staying on top of all the holiday to-dos can be challenging. with pocket...
read more




mastering black friday shopping with pocket informant

by pocket informant | nov 22, 2024black friday can be overwhelming, but with pocket informant, you can turn the chaos into a well-organized and successful shopping spree. here’s how to make the most of pocket informant during the biggest shopping day of the year: 1. plan ahead with a shopping wishlist...
read more













stay informed
subscribe to our newsletters and sales.our newsletters share announcements and give tips about how to best use pocket informant.

subscribe to newsletter



 















about us
press
privacy policy
who we are
support
|
edit store account
lost store password
youtube channel










followfollowfollowfollow







copyright © 2024 – pocket informant all right reserved



 



















































