



custom cable manufacturer: multimode & single mode fiber cables, coax assemblies and network copper / fiberoptic  patch cords, adapters & accessories










































































email us





































































 custom cable manufacturer: multimode & single mode fiber cables, rf coax cable assembliesand network copper / fiberoptic  patch cords, adapters & accessories
















gsa certifiedj standard certified  
















custom cable manufacturer with decades of experience
pro-link   is expertly serving corporate end users, government agencies, retail stores and oem facilities with high quality fiber cables, copper assemblies, and network products since 1996.  as a custom cable manufacturer,  we are able to utilize our extensive engineering knowledge and manufacturing experience in custom cables, and  provide the widest diversity of fiber cables as well as coax assemblies and network patch cords for our customers.  our expertise also allows us to provide a quick turnaround of top quality custom cables, ensuring for our clients a cost effective and high quality solution to all their fiber and copper connectivity needs. 
in business since 1988, we are still here.











fiber cables: multimode & single mode
























our custom cable manufacturing services are well known to commercial as well as military and government clients for st, sc, lc, smtp, mtp, mpo multimode and singlemode 9/125 fiber cables.










































high density hd-bnc male to standard bnc female hd-sdi cables with belden mini-rg59 1855a ( micro bnc )






























all types of fiber optic armored and custom fiber cables available.  now we can also provide harsh environment fiber cables.
























pro-link manufactures multifiber singlemode 9/125 smpte factory polished fiber cables.   the counts are from 1 to 144 fibers of your choice and  connector style and breakout instructions.  just call us with  your  fiberoptic cable specification.














we assemble rugged stainless steel lemo fiber cable assemblies utilizing two  single mode fiber contacts, two high voltage contacts and two signal  contacts.
coax assemblies
pro-link also specializes in a wide range of 50 ohm and 75ohm coax assemblies, including sma, ssma, smb, bnc,  n type, tnc, fme, fakra, mcx , mmcx, mc card, uhf, mini uhf, sma semi rigid, 1.0/2.3, custom f type, smb, smc, semi rigid and semi flexible.  our 75 ohm coax assembly selections include bnc, mini bnc, weco cables, mini weco, cab t3e3-rf , video and audio, smz  and smb coax assemblies
from their development in the 1960's sma connectors have acted as coaxial connectivity with minimum connector interface, equipped with a screw type coupling mechanism.  sma’s offer outstanding electric conductivity in a range from dc to 17 ghz.  the sma male connectors come with a 1/4"-36 thread and a 5/16" hex nut. our custom manufacturing capabilities and the exceedingly quick turnaround time involved in our manufacturing process have enabled us to become a leading global sma cable assembly manufacturer noted for producing consistently high quality sma coax assemblies  for our customer base.
we are a j standard certified and gsa certified custom cable manufacturer, supplying rf coax cables, custom rg174, rg179, rg142, rg58 and rf semi rigid formed and flexible coax assemblies.  as a manufacturer of rf coaxial cables, we specialize in custom coax assembly design and  built-to-spec manufacturing for our clients.





















coax assemblies sma, smb  bnc, mini bnc, mmcx, smc, mini smb’s mini weco , fakra, n type, 1.0/2.3 15454e-t54cbl, 50ohm and 75ohm coax
network copper / fiberoptic patch cords, adapters  and accessories
pro link products has also been a supplier of ethernet network patch cords – both copper patch cords and fiberoptic patch cords - since 1996, providing the highest quality network products to governmental agencies, retail stores and oem facilities.  we pride ourselves on quality of workmanship, prompt shipping, consistency of product and overall top levels of quality and value. 
we also make available to our customers the widest array of network accessories and installation products:




























25 pair rj21 cat-3 and cat5e, 32 pair telco

















bnc connectors and accessories



























rj45 cat-5,5e,6, 6a unshielded and shielded ethernet cables.  we also custom make cables
















rj12/45 plugs, adapters and boots




























utp cat5e and cat-6 solid and stranded bulk cable available in 6 colors
















d-sub connectors solder and crimp



























rj45 cat5e cat-6 keystone jacks

















db25/db9modular rj11/rj45 adapters

























cable testers and lan testers

















d-sub and rj crimpers















top  fiberoptic cables or coax assemblies begin and end  with top support 
call pro-link products today for more information about our selections of standard and custom fiberoptic cables, fiberoptic bulk cable as well as coax assemblies.  our staff is here to assist you at (888) 608-5180 and to help you select fiberoptic cables, coax assemblies or network accessories that specifically meet your needs at a price point that offers not only top quality, but outstanding value as well. 
concept cluster:   fiberoptic cables, cable manufacturers, coax cables, fiber patch cables, fiber  cables, coax assembly,  cable assemblies, coax cable,   fiberoptic cable,  fibre cables, fiber patch cord, fiber patch cords, fiberoptic patch cord, fiberoptic patch cords, cable manufacturer,  st, sc, lc, smtp, mtp, mpo fiber,  multimode and singlemode 9/125 cables, fiber patch cable, coax assemblies, coaxial assemblies, connectors, adapters, bnc cables, telco assemblies, custom-spec cables,  cat6 cables, cat 7 cables, cat 6a assemblies, sma, ssma, smb, bnc,  n type, tnc, fme, fakra, mcx , mmcx, mc card, uhf, mini uhf, sma semi rigid, 1.0/2.3, custom f type, smb, smc, semi rigid and semi flexible cables. 





































| home | computer connectors | computer cables | network products| new cables, adapters and connectors | contact us | track orders |
| bnc connectors | d-sub connectors| d-sub hood & backshells | idc / ids connectors | rj plugs | network products / installation parts || rj adapters | lan tools | cable testers | fiber cables | lan cables | coax cables | telco cables | bulk cable | lan testers | cisco router cables || scsi cables | bay network cables | 3com cables | v.35 cables | pc cable assemblies | fiber channel cables | bantam cables | 











custom cable capabilities, fiber and copper harnesses, testing and other assembly work 











call  1-714 420 2658
























online since 1996











































contact us


pro-link, llc




phone


(714) 420-2658




e-mail  us


sales@pro-link.biz





























uei: wkdhd9v9nh49334111





















































































 






















ipc/eia j-std-001c  certified




































company information 














copyright 2013 pro-link, llc









