



new page 1









yakima valley wine. visit the yakima valley 
			today.





			 

















































 





official visitor information for 
					food and lodging.
 


 















yakima valley wines
welcome to the yakima valley and the rattlesnake hills ava.our wineries are located in the vineyards and orchards of the 
		rattlesnake hills, just 4 miles southeast of yakima off interstate 82. 
		the rattlesnake hills form the northern border of the central yakima 
		valley. travel the scenic back roads to see all of our  
		wineries. our wineries are not in warehouse districts, industrial ports, 
							or old airports.the 
		rattlesnake hills is often referred to as the 'green' tour of the yakima 
		valley. situated in the low rolling hills, the rattlesnake hills wine 
		trail takes you through some of the best orchard and vineyard land in 
		the area. each winery offers a unique setting in which to enjoy the 
		fruit of the vine. the wineries lie north of interstate 82. you may start your tour anywhere from exit 40 on the 
		west end to exit 63 on the east including all exits in between.
the tasting rooms vary from northwest modern 
		architecture to traditional european with everything in between. many 
		times you will be talking to the owner behind the bar. tasting 
		room hours vary and some are only open by appointment.  some have a 
		small fee for tasting.
for information on where to stay and 
							what else to do, visit the
							
							yakima valley visitors website!
remember, no rattlesnakes, just great wines.for those people who are interested in 
		buying grapes or purchasing vineyard land, please visit this section of 
		the rattlesnake hills web site. the rattlesnake hills offer some unique 
		advantages over other growing areas in the yakima valley or all of 
		eastern washington.


2 ½ hours from 
			seattle and portland means lots of traffic.

less 
			winter damage from arctic events.


			affordable land still available.

region ii just like the napa valley.

the most tasting room traffic in eastern 
			washington.

over half 
			the vineyard land is winery owned.

recognized as an american viticultural area 
			in 2006.

area 
			wineries are investing in new tasting room facilities and new 
			wineries are arriving almost daily.

webmaster
							
							rattlesnake wine
© 2024 all rights 
							reserved
 

















