latest news, breaking news today - entertainment, cricket, business, politics - india today india todayaaj takgnttvlallantopbusiness todaybanglamalayalamnortheastbt bazaarharper's bazaarsports takcrime takastro takgamingbrides todaycosmopolitankisan takishq fmindia today hindireader’s digestindia todayaaj takgnttvlallantopbusiness todaybanglamalayalamnortheastbt bazaarharper's bazaarsports takmagazinelive tvsearchsearchsign inedition ininushome tvlive tvprimetimemagazinelatest editioninsightbest collegeslife+styleindiasouthglobalall world newsus newscanada newsuk newschina newsindians abroadbusinessall sportssports todaycricketfootballtennistechnologyentertainmentshowbuzzbollywoodhollywoodottlatest reviewsnewspresso specialspodcastsfirst things fastsunday specialhistory of itnewsmodiuinteractivesopiniongamesvideosshort videosfact check other newseducationit's viralsciencehealthautolaw todayenvironmentcitiesweatherweb storieshoroscopesdownload appfollow us on:   champions trophypm modi us visitdonald trump tariff warmaha kumbhincome tax calculatoradvertisement   news gyanesh kumar appointed new chief election commissionergyanesh kumar, a 1988-batch kerala cadre ias officer who has been serving as an election commissioner since march last year, has been appointed as the poll body chief.gyanesh kumar appointed as new cec, replacing rajiv kumarappointment under new law with home minister on selection panelkumar to serve until jan 2029, overseeing major assembly electionsworld news8 injured after plane flips upon landing at airport in canada: reporta delta air lines plane flipped upon landing at an airport in canada with initial reports indicating that at least eight people were injured in the crash. advertisementopinionthe quiet struggle of growing up hindu in us, and why silence is no more an optionhindus in the us have long been told we are "the good immigrants", but it is a double-edged sword. the people who praise us as hard-working immigrants turn on us when we become too successful. the time for quiet gratitude is over. we must own our identity, and speak out when we are misrepresented. build political and institutional power. make it clear that we are stakeholders in america's future, and aren't going anywhere.ct 2025champions trophy: first glimpse of india's jersey out, features 'pakistan' imprintthe indian cricket team unveiled their new jersey for the icc champions trophy 2025 which interestingly has the hosts' pakistan name printed on it.your daily capsule for quick news the quiet struggle of growing up hindu in us, and why silence is no more an optionmore >> 


us newswhy elon musk likes genghis khan, the conqueror who fathered hundreds of kidstesla and spacex chief elon musk has always tried to conquer, be it the electric car industry or space, the final frontier. musk has also fathered a number of children. his recent admission that he likes genghis khan shouldn't come as a surprise. the legendary mongol was one of the biggest conquerors who fathered hundreds of kids, and is said to have his dna in 16 million living descendants.india newspm oli reacts to nepal woman student's suicide in odisha university amid outragenepal prime minister kp sharma oli addressed the death of nepali student prakriti lamsal in odisha. the nepali embassy sent officials to counsel students, offering them the choice to stay in their hostel or return home.
 law newshigh level of faecal bacteria in ganga at prayagraj, national green tribunal toldthe national green tribunal (ngt) has raised concerns about rising faecal bacteria levels in the ganga at prayagraj, especially during the maha kumbh mela.  advertisementindia newspunjab woman's murder solved, aap leader husband caught for hiring killersludhiana police arrested aap leader anokh mittal and his girlfriend, accusing them of hiring contract killers to murder mittal's wife. according to the police, the aap leader agreed to pay rs 2.5 lakh for the crime, with rs 50,000 paid in advance. trending topicstaj mahotsav 2025vivo v50stock market todaydinesh karthik new income tax billbafta awards 2025maha kumbhbadshahpm modidelhi ncr earthquakehoroscope todayopiniondisease is not a joke, what's a stand-up comic got to do with it?diseases are to be discussed at a symposium sponsored by big pharmaceutical companies where doctors fly in on tickets paid for by the big pharmaceutical companies. is that kashmiri comic a doctor, a pharmacist, or a journalist?world newsi shall return, that's why allah kept me alive: sheikh hasina attacks yunussheikh hasina criticised the muhammad yunus-led interim government, vowing to return and ensure justice for victims. she denied police involvement in protester deaths, asserting post-mortems would confirm her claims. hasina also defended police actions during the unrest. bengaluru newsbengaluru to be hotter than delhi this year: weather bodybengaluru is experiencing record-breaking heat, surpassing delhi, with a high of 35.9 degree celsius on february 17, 2025. warmer days ahead, suggests imd. us newsamerican arrested in moscow on drug charges freed ahead of us-russia talksrussia has freed u.s. citizen kalob byers, arrested for alleged drug smuggling, just before key u.s.-russia talks. his release follows a recent prisoner swap, signaling potential diplomatic thawing.  advertisementlatest storiesadjudicating body upholds attachment of mukhtar ansari's benami property8 injured after plane flips upon landing at airport in canada: reportkyle larson's superspeedway woes continue — will he ever win daytona 500?who is ed martin? controversial us attorney under fire for january 6 stanceshakira resumes world tour in lima after illness-related cancellationamerican arrested in moscow on drug charges freed ahead of us-russia talksnaacp image awards 2025: kamala harris to receive prestigious honourkhadija 'bunny' shaw's emotional comeback: scores, salutes & silences racist abusemagical moment: dolphins spotted leaping in new york city's east rivercongress high command will decide: siddaramaiah on leadership change in karnatakacelebritiesfans gush over hrithik roshan's son hridhaan, call him 'indian timothee chalamet'hrithik roshan's son, hridhaan, has caught the internet's attention with his good looks. the young roshan made headlines after appearing at the celebration of the roshans documentary series.champions trophy 2025champions trophy: pakistan clarify indian flag controversy after backlashthe pakistan cricket board (pcb) has issued a clarification after india flag wasn't hoisted along with other nations on the the roof of the national stadium in karachi ahead of the icc champions trophy 2025. india newsqatar emir in india, pm modi receives him at delhi airport in rare gestureboth the leaders shared hugs and were seen chuckling as they exchanged pleasantries at the airport. 
the big picturefive red flags railways missed just ahead of new delhi stampedethe stampede at new delhi railway station on saturday claimed 18 lives. the tragedy, which occurred hours after signs of overcrowding at the station, worsened due to confusing announcements, inadequate personnel, and delays in several eastbound trains on a few platforms on the ajmeri gate side. these were the five red flags, if noticed and acted upon, could have saved precious lives. bollywoodsilent and sinister: how akshaye khanna's aurangzeb stole chhaavaakshaye khanna delivers a chilling, restrained portrayal of mughal emperor aurangzeb in chhaava, standing out amid past cinematic depictions. his silent menace contrasts vicky kaushal's fiery energy, proving that true power doesn't always need words—just presence.india newsturban thrown in dustbin, tortured in us detention camp: deportee recounts horrora 23-year-old man who was deported from the us to amritsar along with 111 others on sunday alleged he faced torture in a detention camp when he was caught entering the us illegally. he claimed he was in shackles on the deportation flight. india newsfrom dating apps to dine-and-dash: the rise of new-gen 'romance scams'online dating is more popular than ever, with 62% of people using dating apps, social media, or messaging platforms to find potential partners. half of those who met someone online have either been scammed for money or pressured into sending gifts. india newsrahul gandhi slammed for flying banned chinese drone: 'rules don't apply to him?' in a video posted on x, congress mp rahul gandhi showcased a chinese dji drone which has been banned in india since 2022. he also acknowledged that "unfortunately, they don't allow to fly these in lutyens delhi". mumbai newswatch: man falls into gap between train and platform, rescued by alert copa railway protection force personnel saved a 40-year-old passenger who slipped while boarding a moving train at andheri station. the dramatic rescue was captured on cctv, showing the officer pulling the man to safety.
india newsnepal btech student's death by suicide in bhubaneswar college sparks big protesthundreds of students gathered on campus, chanting "we want justice", and accused the university administration of downplaying the alleged suicide case. kerala newswanted to clear debt before wife returned: kerala bank robber confesses motivea native of chalakudy in kerala's thrissur confessed to robbing a bank to clear his debts before his wife's return from abroad. the police arrested him and recovered rs 10 lakh of the rs 15 lakh stolen. india newscongress distances from sam pitroda's china remark: definitely not party's viewthe congress distanced itself from sam pitroda's remarks on china, stating they do not reflect the party's views. pitroda questioned the perceived chinese threat, calling it exaggerated. congress reaffirmed concerns over china's security and economic challenges. india today podcastshealth wealthwhat is an 'undignified' death? | health wealth, ep 8337:34nothing but the truththe big takeaways| nothing but the truth, s2, ep 7839:49sledging roomchampions trophy: shreyas iyer's shocking claim exposes india's think-tank problem | sledging room, s2 ep 7649:49geeta's worldwhy modi's visits to france and america matter | geeta's world, ep 11830:32health wealthaiims delhi special: can a smelly shoe cure epilepsy? | health wealth, ep 8246:29nothing but the truthgovt must get out of the way| nothing but the truth, s2, ep 7749:27sledging roomno way back to t20is for shubman gill and rishabh pant? | sledging room, s2 7547:27geeta's worldshould india worry about donald trump's china policy? | geeta's world, ep 11736:48anchorsshowsrajdeep sardesairahul kanwalshiv aroorgaurav c sawantpreeti choudhrynabila jamalmonday to friday at 09:00 pmmonday to friday at 08:00 pmmonday to friday at 07:30 pmmonday to friday at 05:00 pmmonday to friday at 10:30 pm

advertisement

 


 



what’s happening in tv


 magazine life+style india south

 global business all sportsmorevideostrendingfirst things fastnews todaynewstrackto the point5ive liveindia firstathleticsneeraj chopra exclusive: marriage, 90m dream and arshad nadeem rivalryindia news8 pilgrims from buxar bypass traffic jams with 550km boat ride to prayagrajfirst things fastindia's mob problem & the failure of the state | the proxy with manish adhikaryindia newssam pitroda's view on china not congress's view: jairam rameshview all

advertisement

 


 



celebritiesfans gush over hrithik roshan's son hridhaan, call him 'indian timothee chalamet'hrithik roshan's son, hridhaan, has caught the internet's attention with his good looks. the young roshan made headlines after appearing at the celebration of the roshans documentary series.regional cinemavishnu manchu reveals akshay kumar rejected kannappa role twice before acceptingvishnu manchu shared the challenges and triumphs of casting akshay kumar in the mythological film kannappa. despite initial rejections, kumar joined the cast of vishnu manchu's film, which also features prabhas and 
mohanlal. celebritiesdj aqeel says 'whole world' was present at abhishek-aishwarya's sangeet partydj aqeel shares experiences from performing at high-profile bollywood weddings, highlighting the contrast between saif-kareena and abhishek-aishwarya's sangeet ceremonies. bollywoodkriti sanon begins shooting for dhanush's tere ishk meinactor kriti sanon has begun shooting for the aanand l rai film, tere ishk mein, which will see her sharing screen space with dhanush.  visual storiesentertainmentpriyanka chopra's childhood diariesauto10 of the greatest cars ever madesportschampions trophy: top knocks of virat kohlilifestylepopcorns, anyone? emma stone's dress is serving (for real)technologyoneplus nord ce 4 lite price dropstechnologyiphone 14 price drops
advertisement

 







 
trending videosathleticsneeraj chopra exclusive: marriage, 90m dream and arshad nadeem rivalryindia news8 pilgrims from buxar bypass traffic jams with 550km boat ride to prayagrajfirst things fastindia's mob problem & the failure of the state | the proxy with manish adhikaryindia newssam pitroda's view on china not congress's view: jairam rameshindia newsranveer allahbadia summoned by maharashtra cyber cell for questioning on feb 24
advertisement

 


      
  follow us on:                      advertisement        publicationsindia todaybusiness todayindia today-hinditime televisionindia today tvaaj tak good news todayeventsagenda aajtakindia today conclavesahitya aajtak radioishq fmaajtak radiogamingindia today gaming world esports cupuseful linkspress releasesitemapnewsnewsletter privacy policycorrection policylmil documentsprintingthomson presswelfarecare todaydistributionrate card    syndications  headlines today        websites  india today india today malayalam india today ne business today dailyo aajtak lallantop bangla gnttv ichowk reader’s digest cosmopolitan    education  vasant valley best colleges best universities          trending topicstaj mahotsav 2025vivo v50stock market todaydinesh karthik new income tax billbafta awards 2025maha kumbhbadshahpm modidelhi ncr earthquakelatesthoroscope todaydownload app              about us contact us terms and conditions archives    copyright © 2025 living media india limited. for reprint rights: syndications today 