




 



acarp






































home
reports

underground
open cut
coal preparation
technical market support
site greenhouse mitigation
low emission coal use
mining and the community
nerddc


search
funding

research funding
post graduate scholarship
calendar


media
your order
contact us


click to navigate to acarp page..
home
reports
 - underground
 - open cut
 - coal prep
 - technical market support
 - site greenhouse mitigation
 - low emission coal use
 - mining and the community
 - nerddc
search
funding
 - research funding
 - post graduate scholarship
 - calendar
media
your order
contact us


acarp



what is acarp?

			the australian coal industry’s research program.

			acarp is a unique and highly successful mining research program that has been running in australia since it was established in 1992.  it is 100% owned and funded by all australian black coal producers through a five cents per tonne levy paid on saleable coal.
			




					acarp’s research covers a wide range of important areas including all aspects of the production and utilisation of black coal including health, safety and the environment. 
					
					acarp has contributed to australian coal research in a way that individual companies could not have otherwise achieved. it combines resources and expertise from individual producers and shares the risks and benefits across the industry.  the acarp model has effectively demonstrated the wisdom of pooling research funds with the benefit of considerable leverage of r&d expenditures to address wider industry problems.
					



					research and technology will remain critical in sustaining future competitiveness in an industry faced with technical, operational and human resource challenges as mines became deeper and the best quality deposits are depleted. 
					
					through an annual round of funding acarp supports those projects that enjoy industry wide support and involvement. 
					
					each year the acarp committees select approximately 70 projects from the 300 submitted. these projects are detailed in our yearly report.            the selection and approval processes are set out in the calendar and approval structure.
					






search:













underground
health and safety, productivity and environment initiatives.

recently completed projects

c33029review longwall face ventilation to mitigate goaf gas emissions onto walkways and tailgate end
as longwall mining increasingly targets deeper coal seams, managing ...

c29009control of transient touch voltages during switching
there have been an increasing number of electric shock incidents rep...

c29025effectiveness of shotcrete in underground coal mines
the primary objective of this project is to quantify the effectivene...
 
 
 
 


 
 




open cut
safety, productivity and the right to operate are priorities for open cut mine research.

recently completed projects

c33036radar tyre monitor system
this project focussed on trialling a radar sensing technology design...

c26020preventing fatigue cracking via proactive surface dressing
fatigue cracking of plant and equipment presents a significant chall...

c33046rationale for the use of paired continuous real time noise monitors to reduce uncertainty in the quantification of noise from open cut coal mines
numerous experimental studies of varying duration have been undertak...
 
 
 
 


 
 




coal preparation
maximising throughput and yield while minimising costs and emissions.

recently completed projects

c34041a coal spiral for the 2020s
the objective of this project is to develop an enhanced coal process...

c33057foreign contaminants detection on conveyor belts using digital imaging processing techniques and coal penetrating sensors
this project was initiated to tackle the ongoing issue of foreign co...

c29065wash plant fines testing methods enhancement
accurately estimating the proportion of expected fine size material ...
 
 
 
 


 
 




technical market support
market acceptance and emphasising the advantages of australian coals.

recently completed projects

c35037examination of contraction pre and post resolidification using a high temperature dilatation rig
this project examined the contraction of coking coal samples, both p...

c35045impacts of chemical structure transformation in the plastic layer on the microtexture development during coking
in this project anisotropy quotient (aq) color-coded reflectance map...

c34054scoping study: design of cokes from biomass-coal blends for sustainable blast furnace ironmaking
there is an increasing focus on improving the environmental sustaina...
 
 
 
 


 
 




mine site greenhouse gas mitigation
mitigating greenhouse gas emissions from the production of coal.

recently completed projects

c34066safe operation of catalytic reactors for the oxidation of vam operating under abnormal reaction conditions
the catalyst pd/ts-1 has shown excellent activity in oxidising venti...

c28076selective absorption of methane by ionic liquids (samil)
this third and final stage of this project was the culmination of a ...

c29069low-cost catalyst materials for effective vam catalytic oxidation
application of ventilation air methane (vam) thermal oxidiser requir...
 
 
 
 


 
 




low emission coal use
step-change technologies aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions.

recently completed projects

c17060bgasification of australian coals
four australian coals were trialled in the siemens 5 mwth pilot scale ga...

c17060aoxyfuel technology for carbon capture and storage critical clean coal technology - interim support
the status of oxy-fuel technology for first-generation plant is indicate...

c18007review of underground coal gasification
this report consists of a broad review of underground coal gasification,...
 
 
 
 


 
 




mining and the community
the relationship between mines and the local community.

recently completed projects

c16027assessing housing and labour market impacts of mining developments in bowen basin communities
the focus of this acarp-funded project has been to identify a number...

c22029understanding and managing cumulative impacts of coal mining and other land uses in regions with diversified economies
the coal industry operates in the context of competing land-uses that sh...

c23016approval and planning assessment of black coal mines in nsw and qld: a review of economic assessment techniques
this reports on issues surrounding economic assessment and analysis ...
 
 
 
 


 
 




nerddc
 national energy research,development & demonstration council (nerddc) reports - pre 1992.

recently completed projects

1609-c1609self heating of spoil piles from open cut coal mines
self heating of spoil piles from open cut coal mines

1301-c1301stress control methods for optimised development...
stress control methods for optimised development and extraction operations

0033-c1356commissioned report: australian thermal coals...
commissioned report: australian thermal coals - an industry handbook
 
 
 
 


 
 
 



©2025 acarp 




