






scaffold | scaffolding | engineered scaffolding | engineered access
























































our office location




zelienople, pa 16063











give us a call




724-452-8300











our office hours




mon-fri: 7:30am-4:30pm












											about us
										

about us
testimonials


													universal projects
												


universal projects home

5051 centre avenue project
svcw rescu program front of plant project
the "new ny bridge" construction
vehicle access & maintenance platforms
federal building & u.s. courthouse restoration


competent person training




											design & engineering
										

design & engineering home
scaffold drafting & design cad services
scaffold engineering support services


engineered access solutions


											equipment
										

equipment home
system scaffolding
frame scaffolding
tube and clamp scaffolding
shoring scaffolding
pedestrian canopy
stair towers
public access stair systems




											industries served
										

industries served home
aviation & aerospace
bridge construction
commercial construction
industrial maintenance
infrastructure
military & defense
restoration
shipbuilding
transit
utilities


rentals
contact us









search

































universal scaffolding




engineering and manufacturing quality custom scaffold products and scaffolding to meet your access needs.
find out how we can engineer and manufacture quality custom access products to meet your needs and allow you to operate safely and more efficiently.
request your free online quote today















universal scaffolding




engineering and manufacturing quality custom scaffold products and scaffolding to meet your access needs.
find out how we can engineer and manufacture quality custom access products to meet your needs and allow you to operate safely and more efficiently.
request your free online quote today















universal scaffolding




engineering and manufacturing quality custom scaffold products and scaffolding to meet your access needs.
find out how we can engineer and manufacture quality custom access products to meet your needs and allow you to operate safely and more efficiently.
request your free online quote today





















our services

					we manufacture the highest-quality scaffolding equipment and custom access products including complete scaffold engineering and cad design services, all backed by our industry-leading customer support. from independent contractors to some of the nation's largest contractors, our team has the capacity and expertise to add value to any organization. we engineer better, safer and more efficient ways to accomplish objectives through custom access solutions.
				





equipment
scaffolding products and scaffolding made in the usa
strict design criteria, certified raw materials, controlled manufacturing quality control procedures & testing to provide the highest-quality scaffolding for sale.
view our equipment >>







design & engineering
complete scaffold engineering and value-added scaffold design service
a partnership with universal offers the highest-quality equipment, backed by industry-leading engineering services and customer support.
our design & engineering >> >







engineered access solutions
custom access and fall prevention solutions
from modular platforms to guardrail systems and everything in between, our engineering team will work with you to develop a custom access solution.
view our engineered access  >>







rentals
frame scaffolding rental and system scaffolding rental in pittsburgh & beyond
our rentals division, universal scaffold systems, serves general and specialty contractors with the safest, highest-quality scaffold rental products.
our scaffold rentals >>












our aim - highest quality
we engineer the highest-quality scaffolding & access solutions for every application
highest-quality scaffolding equipment, backed by industry-leading engineering and customer support









our industries

					whether you are an independent contractor or part of a multinational corporation, our custom access team has the capacity and expertise to add value to any organization. we engineer better, safer, more efficient ways for you to accomplish your objectives with our custom access solutions.
				







bridge construction >









restoration >









commercial construction >









industrial maintenance >









shipbuilding >









military & defense >









aviation & aerospace >









infrastructure >









transit >









utilities >













custom scaffold products for more than 85 years
 
					universal manufacturing has been producing scaffolding and  custom scaffold products for more than 85 years. our scaffolding is engineered and manufactured to meet your scaffold access needs. from stair towers, public access stair systems, and custom scaffold platforms to shipbuilding scaffold and aviation work platforms, our scaffold products are engineered for job specific uses and various trades for safety and efficiency on the job.
				

					we provide high-quality, industrial scaffolding, steel frame scaffolding, system scaffolding,  custom scaffolding that meet your job requirements. our most modern products, scaffold drafting and design cad services and scaffold engineering support services ensure safety and efficiency on the job site. whatever your scaffolding or shoring scaffolding needs universal manufacturing can fabricate it for you. talk to one of our representatives today and see why universal manufacturing scaffold products are chosen by companies throughout the country.
				





"universal manufacturing corp. has been supplying us with quality system scaffolding for many years. their products, engineering and customer service are the reasons we will continue to do business together for many more."

						kenneth buettner
york scaffold equipment corp.

















engineering better, safer and more efficient ways to accomplish objectives through custom access solutions.



home
about us
contact us
projects
testimonials
privacy policy
site map




design & engineering
engineered access solutions
equipment
industries served
rentals
scaffold product catalogs




								universal manufacturing corp.
								p.o. box 220
								550 west new castle street
								zelienople, pa 16063


1-800-836-8780
								1-724-452-8300
info@universalscaffold.com


















						copyright © 2025 universal manufacturing corp., all rights reserved.
                        
                        website development and seo provided by matthew james creative






















