



monarch films - welcome to monarch films




































 


facebook linkedin youtube instagram vimeo
 (518) 734-4596
 



menu


 


home

our content


about us

monarch at the markets




contact


partners


 

 
 
 

 
 
 










rebel: directors cut
stallone's first leading role as an anti-war activist who joins an nyc terrorist cell and falls for a sexy flower child, all while being pursued by the fbi. newly 4k remastered.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







on tour with elvis
this documentary follows the king on his nonstop round of tours & recording sessions from 1973 to 1974. includes never-before-seen concert footage & interviews.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







mind snatchers
christopher walken takes his first leading role in this sci-fi drama about a german scientist who develops experimental treatments for aggressive soldiers.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







henri
burt reynolds, eric roberts, and robert lasardo star in this action thriller about a peaceful man forced to fight for love & justice.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







el camino
elisabeth moss stars alongside leo fitzpatrick and christopher denham in this moving american road movie about three friends coming to grips with death and identity.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







el dorado
the legendary peter o'toole narrates this star-studded odyssey that starts in vegas and ends in a cannibal ghost town. its a blues brothers texas chainsaw genre explosion starring michael madsen, bill moseley, steve guttenberg, brigitte nielsen, daryl hannah, and jeff fahey.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







a.k.a nadia
award-winning tale of a muslim woman coming to terms with her identity. features oscar-nominee john hurt.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







seeing evil
this modern take on the classic possession story reveals that intelligence can be a curse when it grants you the power to see demons.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







conjuring - book of the dead
this lovecraftian horror tale centers on a graphic novelist who finds a rune inside the diary of occultist aleister crowley, and falls into a world of cults and demons.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







when jack came back
lindsay wagner and lance henriksen star in this heartfelt family drama about a young man who realizes its never too late to fight for family.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 







women of valor
susan sarandon plays an american military nurse imprisoned for three years by the japanese during wwii. this amazing story of bravery in the face of wartime terror is based on real oral histories of american army nurses taken as pows.
more information
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 



film distribution made easy
monarch films provides independent filmmakers and studios with best-in-class distribution services.
  
 
 



linear channels




tv nuts on airy tv

 



boomer channel

 



down the rabbit hole

 
 
 
 
 



content packages




feature films

 



music icons

 



indie films

 



tv series

 



hollywood & tv stars

 
 
 
 
 



what our clients are saying...




working with monarch films has been a complete and total pleasure. monarch has taken our library and turned it into a consistent revenue generator in ways we didn't know possible. monarch's owner art is a man of integrity ... a rarity in the industry of content licensing. bottom line: i highly recommend monarch films for anyone looking to distribute their content.   
david joseph keller
executive vice president
keller entertainment group
 


working with the monarch films team has been an absolute pleasure. their high quality and genre spanning titles are regular top performers on our channels. i’m consistently impressed by their new content. the speed and ease of working with monarch is the cherry on top of a great experience. we look forward to a partnership that will last for years to come.
james patrick
co-founder
ott studio fast linear channel
 


frantic films has worked with monarch films for more than 15 years. our relationship has always been easy and collaborative. monarch’s owner art continues to find innovative ways to keep our library active and lucrative. if you want to get your films in front of more eyeballs and make money while doing it, go with monarch films.
stephanie fast
president
frantic films
   
 
 
 




  

   
 
 
 



interested in becoming a digital partner? reach out to us. contact us  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 





home | our content | about us | contact | partners

25 lawrence drive | windham, ny 12496 | art@mfilms.com | (518) 734-4596
facebook linkedin youtube instagram vimeo
 
 



                © 2022 monarch films, inc.  all rights reserved.
website development and vsite content management by: es11

 
 
 
 
 


