


migrations


black mesa weavers
for life and land
weavers
| weavings | wool | wool
buy | about churro |
jewelry | pottery | clothing | baskets
| pipes & firestarters
|herbswerk| home

welcome to

migrations

american indian art &
  crafts



write to: migrations or black mesa
  weavers
  p.o. box 95204, newton, ma 02495
  or email : carol@blackmesaweavers.org
  to place an order, or for more information. or call toll-free
  1-866-4-churro (866-424-8776) boston/eastern (daylight)
  standard time 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.

migrations™ deals in
  new and old american indian and inuit (eskimo) art and crafts,
  and in other antiques and collectibles from the indigenous arts
  of the americas.

  new work is purchased at fair trade prices directly from the
  makers or from indigenous cooperatives and enterprises.

help make possible
  grandma thomas's dream -- a communityyouth center in chinle,
  arizona, navajo nation -- 
  buy heirlooms for the future:
  superb dine' (navajo) sterling silver and semiprecious stones
  jewelry by orville tsinnie, donated for sale at a 50% tax deduction
  for each item

heirlooms
  for the future--a special nonprofit fundraiser for dine' (navajo)
  youth

  necklace & earring sets by bessie
  henry & andrew henry, dine' (navajo) artists

  a wide variety of old and new american indian & inuit art:

items for sale:

 weavings
 baskets
 jewelry


 pottery
 traditional
        acoma pottery
 other native american
        & inuit art


 miscellaneous
 contact us
 ordering information



migrations
sales on many items--save 10-25%
jewelry, pottery, weavings,
baskets

see necklace & earring
  sets by bessie henry & silverwork by andrew henry, dine'
  (navajo) artists


items for
  sale


ordering information


introduction to migrations


introduction to wings to
  fly with


traditional acoma pottery


wings to fly with publishing™ -- poetry


links to other sites


elana creations
-- wearable art for infants, children, and adults from
  elana halberstadt

items sold-- images of some items
  sold. similar ones may be available.
about whales and other sea mammals

listening to the stone
-- poems about sculpture, sea mammals, and baskets.

storytelling --
  stories for the web.

weaving
  the light -- poems about dine' (navajo) and northwest
  coast weaving.

ts'aa'--the
  dine' (navajo) ceremonial basket -- meaning, style,
  and use.

temperate rainforest
  -- vancouver island, b.c., canada.

portal -- about a
  tupqujak, an inuit marker in nunavut--
  themes of transformation and "places of power"

 

items for sale
weavings
pottery
jewelry
baskets

other
native american & inuit art


miscellaneous




save the spirit
    bear

poetry:
    wings to fly with publishing™ 
about whales and other sea mammals
listening to the stone
    -- poems about sculpture, sea mammals, and baskets.
storytelling -- american
    indian stories for the web.
weaving the light
-- poems about dine' (navajo) and northwest coast weaving.
ts'aa'--the dine'
    navajo ceremonial basket -- meaning, style, and use.
temperate rainforest -- vancouver
    island, b.c., canada.
portal--about a tupqujak,
    an inuit marker in nunavut--themes of transformation 
    and "places of power."







nonprofit
  enterprise--fair trade from the source™
  black mesa weavers for life and land™ welcome page 
black
  mesa navajo weavings for sale
black mesa navajo-churro wool,
  handspun churro yarn, and mini-mill- spun churro weft and warp yarns for sale
herbswerk™
  by marykatherine, dine' (navajo) herbalist, big mountain, arizona

we
  are pleased to announce the publication of an important and beautiful
  new book: 
a new plateau: sustaining the lands
  and peoples of canyon country
"new release! a refreshing
  look at 38 'modern pioneers' in the four corners region who have
  found ways to make a living while enriching their communities,
  economies and lands." the first
  story in section two, ranching, is "sheep is life: dine'
  be'iina and the black mesa weavers for life and land," by
  gary paul nabhan, pages 52-55. available in hardcover and softcover
  from renewing the countryside, minneapolis, mn.
a new plateau: sustaining the lands and peoples of
  canyon country

produced by the
  center for sustainable environments at northern arizona university
  in partnership with the museum of northern arizona and renewing
  the countryside, inc.



we are honored to have recently received this beautiful,
  handpainted bowl from the center for sustainable environments,
  northern arizona university, flagstaff, arizona



write to: black mesa weavers for life and
  land
  p.o. box 96205
  newton, ma 02495
  or email : carol@migrations.com
  to place an order, or for more information. or call toll-free
  866-4-churro (866-424-8776) boston / east coast time 10 am. to
  7 p.m.

on june 28-29, 2002, we held our
  first big wool buy at hardrock on black mesa in arizona. photos
  and a story have been posted on our wool
  buy page


we are honored to announce the publication
  of a new book, written and illustrated by verna clinton, dine'
  (navajo) artist, writer, educator, and a founding member of black
  mesa weavers for life and land, from the star mountain community.

  "ashkii's journey" is available through
  salina bookshelf in flagstaff, az, along with other of her
  fine works.

photos from our special event! may 17, 18 &
19, 2002
cultural survival 30th anniversary bazaar
harvard yard, harvard university 
cambridge, ma


demonstrations of traditional dine' (navajo)
arts and culture and wonderful weavings and jewelry for sale from
black mesa weavers
for life and land.


tree of life

for the yellowstone buffalo--here's
a link to the buffalo
field campaign



"some people say, 'the poor u'wa.
  we have to help them,' but the fight is not for the poor u'wa,
  it is for life," he said. 

  (robert cobario, u'wa leader, speaking about his people's resistance
  to oil drilling by california-based occidental petroleum corportation
  on their ancestral homeland in the rainforest of colombia, washington
  times, friday, july 7, 2000.)

"monarch
  massacre"

  "millions of monarch butterflies in mexico are reported
  to have been killed by pesticides as they began their annual
  migration to the north. environmentalists alleged that 22 million
  of the orange and black butterflies were deliberately sprayed
  by loggers in an effort to regain the protected forests where
  the monarchs seek warmer temperatures during the winter months.
  the butterflies have arrived in the forests of mexico's central
  michoacan state in early november for at least 10,000 years.
  they leave at the end of march to make the 3,000 mile return
  trip north to lay their eggs. homero aridjis, head of the environmental
  lobby group of 100, said, 'now we don't know how many butterflies
  will come back this autumn'" (--the boston globe,
  tuesday, march 20, 2001, on the vernal equinox).

  "the butterfly"

  the last, the very last,
  so richly, brightly, dazzlingly yellow.
  perhaps if the sun's tears would sing
  against a white stone. . . .

  such, such a yellow
  is carried lightly 'way up high.
  it went away i'm sure because it wished to
  kiss the world good-bye.

  for seven weeks i've lived in here,
  penned up inside this ghetto.
  but i have found what i love here.
  the dandelions call to me
  and the white chestnut branches in the court.
  only i never saw another butterfly.

  that butterfly was the last one.
  butterflies don't live in here,
  in the ghetto.

  --pavel friedman 4.6.1942
  _________________________________________________________________________________
  this poem is preserved in typewritten copy on thin copy paper
  in the collection of poetry by the poet, which was donated to
  the state jewish museum during its documentation campaign. pavel
  friedman was born on january 7, 1921, in prague and deported
  to terezin on april 26, 1942. he died in auschwitz on september
  29, 1944.
  __________________
  i never saw another butterfly
i never saw another butterfly. children's drawings and poems
  from terezin concentration camp, 1942-1944. edited
  by hana volavkova; revised and expanded by the united states
  holocaust memorial museum. new york: schocken books, inc., 1993.




site of the sundance at big mountain, after being bulldozed

  by the hopi tribal council police, friday, august 18, 2001. 

bulldozing big mountain
the tread like a tank,
  the broken tree,
  the crushed home.
the butterflies have fled,
  as they flee
  every ghetto.
but where life sings
  they will be,
  and the mountain lives.
(© august 19, 2001 carol snyder halberstadt)

"some people say, 'the poor u'wa.
  we have to help them,' but the fight is not for the poor u'wa,
  it is for life..."
new dine'
  [navajo] weavings from black mesa
a nonprofit
  enterprise
  fair trade from the source™

  hay runs feed sheep through winter

these and many more...



churro wool drying in the sun



1974--2005--dine' (navajo people) struggle
  for cultural survival on black mesa
black mesa, a 5,000-square mile region
  in northeastern arizona, is sacred to both the dine' (navajo)
  and hopi people. in 1974, the u.s. congress passed a law dividing
  this region, which had been shared by the dine' and hopi for
  hundreds of years, into hopi partitioned land (hpl) and navajo
  partitioned land (npl). about 17,000 dine' and 100 hopi found
  themselves on the "wrong" side of the fence that partitioned
  the region between the navajo nation and hopi tribe. the subsequent
  relocation by the government of about 14,000 dine' from their
  ancestral homes has been called the second long walk. in 1996,
  congress passed another law, an accommodation agreement, to make
  it possible for the remaining approximately 2,000 dine' to continue
  to live on hopi partitioned land (hpl). since february 2000--the
  date set for the final expulsion of all nonsigners of this 1996
  accommodation agreement--there have been some positive changes
  and hopeful developments:
--there have been no expulsions of nonsigners, and
  the department of justice has indicated that it has no intention
  of beginning any further eviction proceedings.
--the grassroots coalitions of dine' and hopi activists (the
  hopi-founded black mesa trust), along with the sierra club and
  natural resources defense council (nrdc) as well as the navajo
  nation and hopi tribe, and including peabody coal, have all agreed
  that continued use of the n-aquifer (the only source of drinking
  water for the entire region) to move coal from black mesa to
  the mohave generating plant in laughlin, nevada, should cease.
  alternative ways to move the coal are actively being sought.
  it is my hope that--in this arid and often drought-stricken region--this
  will not mean the use of other water resources such as lake powell
  or the colorado river.
other positive developments include the possible shutdown
  of the mohave plant itself by 2005.
--the 2,000 or more dine' still living in their ancestral
  homes on black mesa are working toward self-empowerment, renewed
  community ties, a stronger economy, and the healing of the traumas
  of relocation.
to the dine' and hopi both, black mesa is sacred. in this
  5,400 square-mile region, they had been living side by side for
  several hundred years and basically at peace until it was discovered
  in the 1950s that black mesa contained the largest low-sulfur
  coal deposit in the united states. since then, with the false
  pretense of a "navajo-hopi land dispute," there was
  unrelenting pressure under the guise of "law" to strip
  them of their homes, their rights, and their religious freedom.
  black mesa is still being stripmined by peabody coal, and the
  irreplaceable drinking water aquifer under the mesa--the only
  source of water for both the hopi and dine'--is still being drained
  by a slurry line to transport the coal 274 miles to the mohave
  generating plant in nevada. the water table is still dropping...
  and there are recent reports of possibly irreversible damage
  in the form of sinkholes that may indicate the irreversible collapse
  of parts of the aquifer. there are also recent good developments
  and signs of change for the better and your continued support
  is crucial in keeping this process going.
nine thousand dine' people endured the long walk in 1864,
  forced from their homes by the u.s. government to imprisonment
  in an internment camp 300 miles to the east; only about three
  thousand returned to their homeland in 1868. the cherokee, choctaw,
  and seminole nations walked a trail of tears in 1838 when forcibly
  removed from their homeland. tens of thousands of indigenous
  people have died in forced "relocations" and environmental
  desecration that drove them from their homes.
black mesa weavers for live and land is working with the dine'
  people living on black mesa toward continued cooperation with
  the navajo nation and hopi tribe to ensure their cultural and
  economic survival through sustainable development and the healing
  of fractured communities on both hpl and npl.
there is still time to save the ecosystem
  and help the people who live in this land to live in peace. we
  are starting to see the fruits of everyone's labors and there
  is genuine hope for the future.
 


"washington seems to be very immature. they believe
  in lies. they have no pity and cannot see us. we go around wiping
  our tears because of what they do. because they do not see us..."
  (dine' elder speaking about government policy forcing her
  from her home, in the documentary film "broken rainbow,"
  which won an academy award for best documentary feature in 1985;
  a film by maria florio and victoria mudd.


dine' home destroyed on black mesa. the freeze on home
    repairs and new construction, in effect since 1974, was lifted
    only in 1996, with the passing of the accommodation agreement.



    for 25 years (1974-1996), people were not allowed to repair their
    homes. here are two hogans, which are both daily dwelling places
    and sacred spaces, with plastic on their roofs, june 1999.




black mesa
in the month of clear days
    and falling leaves
    far from black mesa
    i watch the sun coming down on trees
    and am safe.
where grandmothers are afraid
    there is no peace.
    i am warm
    and cold covers them.
    their songs are not heard.
they will gather the earth to themselves
    like a garment
    and its strength will clothe them
    though it wears away.
sh'ma--
    the mother is singing
    the smallest seedling speaks
    the sun is setting--
hear.
the word "shi'ma" means "mother"
    in dine' bizhaad (navajo) and "hear" or "listen"
    in hebrew.
    (©10/23//98 carol snyder halberstadt)


  five of a dine' delegation to the united nations in 1998, visiting
  the national museum of the american indian, new york city, november
  1998.





nonprofit fair trade sale of weavings, handspun
  churro yarns, mini-mill churro yarns, jewelry, and more, by

black mesa weavers
for life and land™

write to: black mesa weavers
p.o. box 95204, newton, ma 02495
or email : carol@blackmesaweavers.org
to place an order, or for more information. or call toll-free
1-866-4-churro (866-424-8776) boston/eastern standard time 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.





 


write to: migrations, p.o. box 95204,
newton, ma 02495

or email to: carol@migrations.com
to place an order, or for more information. or call
toll-free 1-866-4-churro (1-866-424-8776) boston/ east coast dst,
10 am - 8 pm.

copyright © 1996 -2012 carol snyder halberstadt, migrations.
all rights reserved. migrations and black mesa weavers for life
and land are trademarks of migrations. 



