









home | aap - food samaritans palm springs, ca


















































































homeaboutboard and stafffrom the executive directoreventshollywood's biggest nightevent photo galleriesservicesfood voucher programeusangel programdonatevolunteeraap newscontact 


















aap - food samaritans

we provide nutritional support to improve the quality of the lives of low-income people living with hiv/aids and other chronic illnesses throughout the coachella valley.
learn more








 













 

 











evening under the stars 2024

it's a garden party - october 13, 2024! 
buy tickets





presenting sponsor of evening under the stars!

we are very grateful for their continued support!
buy tickets

















 

 











hollywood's biggest night!

walk the orange carpet and join us for a stellar night of celebrities!
learn more





presenting sponsor of evening under the stars!

we are very grateful for their continued support!
learn more













 




                                            best fundraising event!                    
                    
                
evening under the stars gala has won "best fundraising event" in the desert sun's "best of the valley” 2020 reader's poll! this makes our gala a three-time winner!








 



aap - food samaritans

watch our video and learn more about our organization.
from the executive director




 








our purpose
now in its 33rd year of service to the community, aap – food samaritans remains dedicated to providing nutritional support to improve the quality of the lives of low-income people living with hiv/aids and other chronic illnesses.
initiated by a small group of concerned citizens led by the late gloria greene and jeannette rockefeller, aap provides nutritional support to members of the community with low incomes.  learn more
lily tomlin actress / comedienne  friend-champion-supporter aap - food samaritans photo by: greg gorman

 







                                    upcoming events                
                
            












awesome online auction
we would like to thank everyone who has supported us by participating in our awesome online auction.
 
 
latest news






                        ‘evening under the stars’ garden party  with special guest debby holiday
                        
                    

palm springs – may 22, 2024: aap - food samaritans is delighted to announce that its upcoming evening under the stars garden party will be held on sunday, october 13 in the picturesque setting of brad lampley and rigo lomeli’s old las palmas estate. this enchanting event promises to be an exquisite evening of philanthropy, entertainment, and community camaraderie.
the highlight of the evening will be a special performance by the acclaimed singer-songwriter, debby holiday. known for her soul-stirring music and captivating stage presence, holiday will serenade guests under the starlit sky, creating an unforgettable atmosphere of joy and inspiration.

read more





newsletter signup










please complete all required fields!



			sign up for aap's monthly newsletter!
	

(*)

 required



(*)

 invalid input

















 invalid input





subscribe 



 























pleasedonate

your generous donation will help us to continue to feed men, women and children!
read more






evening under the stars

our largest fundraising event of the year and one of the most popular in the valley!
read more






food voucher program

click here to learn more about our services and our food voucher program.
read more






becomean angel

our angels are the backbone of aap. learn more about how to become an angel!
read more












major sponsor
corporate sponsors













































































 





















































 











facebook





 















aap – food samaritans is a 501(c)3 registered charitable organization
our tax id#: 33-0566442
office: 1276 n. palm canyon dr., ste. 108, palm springs, ca 92262
mailing address: p.o. box 1222, palm springs, ca 92263
760.325.8481
contact us


terms of useprivacy policylogin

© aap-food samaritans - all rights reservedwebsite by imagine it! media












homeaboutboard and stafffrom the executive directoreventshollywood's biggest nightevent photo galleriesservicesfood voucher programeusangel programdonatevolunteeraap newscontact










