











kill devil hills, nc photo tours and travel information















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


restaurants


shopping


activities


real estate



coupons


events













kill devil hills vacation rental homes





outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide





2025 takeout and delivery guide
















vacation rentals
visitors are often surprised at the number and variety of weekly vacation rentals throughout the area.. vacation rentals are, in fact, an increasingly popular accommodation available to vacationers, and visitors will find that the sheer number of rentals available allows them to find an ideal retreat to fit their crew, from quiet condo complexes to brightly colored oceanfront sand castles.

 




hotels
for postcard-perfect long weekends, or full week stays that have exceptional access to indoor and outdoor pools, restaurants, and amenities, there's nothing quite like the convenience of a stay at a local hotel or motel. a number of area hotels have been welcoming guests for decades, and as a result, vacationers have come back year after year for the fantastic service and the million-dollar views.










surf fishing guide


when it comes to surf fishing, it’s hard to beat the coastline of north carolina. well known for hundreds of miles of beaches where record-breaking catches are landed on a regular basis, the north carolina shoreline is arguably one of the top destinations for surf fishermen from all across the country. so if you are new to the n.c. coastline, or just want to brush up on your surf fishing insight, take a closer look at everything you need to know about casting from the coast, and get ready for plenty of opportunities to reel in the catch of a lifetime.








the 8 best beach blankets and towels for 2025


if you're planning a relaxing day on the beach, a great beach blanket is a must-have piece of gear. we've curated a list of highly-rated beach blankets, each selected for its unique features, quality, and durability. from lightweight, compact options to large, family-sized choices, we've got you covered. dive in as we explore the various materials, designs, and functionalities that make these beach blankets stand out.










outer banks lighthouses


each of the outer banks five lighthouses is unique. for a beautiful view, visitors can climb currituck beach light, bodie island light and cape hatteras lighthouse for a small fee in season. it's an unforgettable way to see the outer banks! don't forget to bring your camera, as these unique structures and surrounding grounds are some of the most picturesque and iconic attractions in the area.








outer banks real estate


after a few days of sunny beach afternoons, fantastic local attractions, and all the amenities that attract people to the outer banks, many visitors find themselves daydreaming about a more permanent vacation. whether your ultimate goal is to own an investment property, a retirement or vacation home, or simply a year-round home on the beach, the outer banks is filled with incredible opportunities and a variety of properties for sale.










fun facts about kill devil hills


check out our list of fun facts about kill devil hills.








wright brothers' first flight


the outer banks played a key role in yet another historical milestone, as the birthplace of aviation. the wright brothers memorial in kill devil hills, a towering granite monument, pays homage to this history changing event, which occurred on the tall sand dunes of the outer banks just over a century ago.










activities for kids


kill devil hills is ideal for kids, thanks to a collection of on and off-the-beach activities, and a central locale that makes a trip to neighboring outer banks attractions a breeze. take a break from the sandcastle building, and discover these sites, attractions and activities that are sure to keep little hands busy








the 7 best beach & fishing coolers 2025


nothing beats an ice-cold beverage while relaxing on the beach. nothing is worse than reaching for an icy drink and finding your cans swimming. coolers are essential for family days on the sand. a good modern cooler will keep food and drinks fresh for days. in addition to beverages, fishermen rely coolers to keep bait fresh, and hopefully the catch of the day. walk onto any beach or pier in north or south carolina and you’ll see a plethora of cooler models and sizes. cooler technology has advanced rapidly in modern years. top-end hard-sided coolers can keep ice frozen for a week. soft coolers are easier for one person to carry onto a beach, but can still keep food cool for days. cooler materials and price points vary wildly, so we put together this guide with our recommendations for your coastal vacation.










educational activities


on the outer banks, it's easy to throw in a little education in with a vacation filled with fun, adventures, and new explorations.








best outer banks sunrise spots


the outer banks is famous for its beautiful beaches and stunning views. one of the best ways to experience the beauty of the outer banks is to wake up early and watch a stunning sunrise over the atlantic ocean. with miles of pristine coastline, there are plenty of spots to catch a breathtaking sunrise. from carova to hatteras village, here is our list of the best places to see a sunrise on the outer banks.










outer banks birding


for bird lovers, the outer banks is hard to beat. this delicate chain of barrier islands is not only home to dozens of different native shorebirds, but also thousands of migrating birds who make a rest stop on the outer banks every year. add to this the fact that the islands have hundreds of miles of deserted beaches, maritime forest, and marshlands for species to quietly flourish, and it's clear that the outer banks is literally for the birds.








kill devil hills beach information


the town of kill devil hills has its own unique set of rules and regulations for accessing its public shoreline. visitors will want to keep the following rules and regulations in mind when visiting any public beach in kill devil hills.













nags head woods ecological preserve


when most outer banks visitors think of nags head, they imagine a classic beach town filled with warm sunny days, crashing ocean waves, and miles of beaches, shops, restaurants and all the attractions that inherently come standard with an entertaining and well-loved vacation town.

kill devil hills
252-441-2525
map it









kill devil hills history


with the exception of local family stories and legends, kill devil hills' history is hard to trace prior to the wright brothers' historic first flight in 1903. in fact, even the origin of the town's fascinating name is not certain, and the many theories that surround the moniker involve pirates, shipwrecked buccaneers, and barrels of rum strong enough to "kill the devil."








surfing on the outer banks


forget hawaii and california - on the east coast, the best place for surf is on the outer banks, and this region is renowned as one of the best surfing destinations from new york to florida. surfers from all over the country and the world flock to the outer banks for the annual esa tournament, or just after a storm swell, to paddle out to the atlantic and enjoy some of the best waves on the coast.








the 11 best beach toys for summer 2025


here is a list of some of our favorite beach toys for kiddos. we gravitate to unique, high-quality toys that inspire creativity. some of these toys are classics, and some add a twist.








featured local businesses


we love to highlight some of the best and most interesting outer banks restaurants, shops, attractions and activities. read on to discover some of our favorites!








the 9 best fishing & beach carts for 2025


for families travelling to the beach, or fishermen carrying tackle/coolers, a beach cart can be the best purchase of your vacation. these carts feature extra-wide wheels to move across soft sand, even when loaded. carts are often built for specific scenarios, so think about the gear you’d be putting on your cart before making a decision.








outer banks swimming guide


swimming is a local sport that never goes out of style on the outer banks, and with literally miles of ocean and sound waters to paddle around, there's no shortage of refreshing locales to enjoy a dip. vacationers will find they have their choice of swimming destinations, from the fun and challenging ocean waves, to the shallow splashing waters of the sound, to the assortment of public and community pools found all along the islands.











select a city 



vacation planning guide


outer banks vacation rentals


outer banks jobs


outer banks hotels


carova


corolla


duck


southern shores


kitty hawk


kill devil hills


nags head


manteo


hatteras









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













