




carpeting, hardwood, laminate, vinyl, waterproof flooring, store. we install! - s&g carpet and more - where quality is affordable


























































 

















 










before you begin shopping for flooring, you need a rough estimate of how much you need and a cost estimate.
please note that your area should be professionally measured before purchasing flooring.


unit of measure


feet



inches

roomslengthwidthadd roomremove roomprice (per sqft)(not required)this field is hidden when viewing the formuntitled(required)emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 













total square feet—waste—total material required *—total cost **—* this basic calculator allows for 10% of actual waste. your actual waste may vary and change the actual amount needed to purchase.
** this is a cost estimate only. you should have your areas professionally measured before buying. prices are subject to change.

now offering carpet & hard surface cleaning!

name(required)


first



last

current representativeemail(required)

phonebilling name(required)job address(required)



street address


address line 2


city

alabamaalaskaamerican samoaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiaguamhawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotanorthern mariana islandsohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricorhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahu.s. virgin islandsvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingarmed forces americasarmed forces europearmed forces pacific
state


zip code


type of unit1/12/12/23/13/2otherflooring interested in

carpet


hardwood


laminate


lvp / lvt


waterproof core
project details(required)example: lvp in kitchen and bathrooms with carpet everywhere else.phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  




















0
															 items				
quote list



x



					no products in the list				



4.8/5 stars6,500+ reviewsread our reviewsshop at home for free1-ton-of-carpet(866) 632-2773shop at home for freehomelocationsamazing flooring showrooms 


cupertino, ca 




dublin, ca 




elk grove, ca 




pleasant hill, ca 




rancho cordova, ca 




rocklin, ca 




rogers, ar 




santa clara, ca 




san jose, ca 

 


 
shop at home for free
productssave on all flooring 


carpet 




carpet tiles 




hardwood flooring 




laminate flooring 




vinyl flooring 




waterproof core flooring 

 


 
flooring specialspresident’s day sale(all month long)up to15% off+ we pay the sales tax!applies to most carpet, hardwood, laminate, vinyl, lvp, and waterproof core flooringsale ends 2/28/2025

flooring galleriesflooring galleries 


carpetcarpet 




hardwood flooringhardwood flooring 




laminate flooringlaminate flooring 




vinyl flooringvinyl flooring 




waterproof core flooringwaterproof core flooring 

 

brandsquality brands you can rely on 


andersonhardwood flooring 




armstronghardwood flooring 




calcorewaterproof core flooring 




coretecwaterproof core flooring 




karastancarpet 




majestyhardwood flooring, laminate flooring 




manningtonhardwood flooring, laminate flooring, vinyl flooring 




mohawkcarpet, hardwood flooring, laminate flooring 




s&g private labelcarpet 




shawcarpet, hardwood flooring, laminate flooring 




sweet flooringlaminate flooring 




tapestryhardwood flooring, laminate flooring 

 


 

resource centerwarranties & guarantees 


low price guarantee 




no surprise guarantee 




carpet warranty 




hardsurface warranty 

 


 
flooring resources 


careers 




carpet cleaning 




financing 




carpet spot cleaning guide 




flooring videos 




articles 




installation services 




calculator 

 


 
flooring articles 


guide to different kinds of vinyl flooring and what is best for youbuying guide for sheet vinyl, luxury vinyl plank, luxury vinyl tile, and waterproof core flooringbuying, installing, and maintaining your vinyl flooringthe variety of vinyl products on the market make choosing… 




toys for tots and s&g give back in 2024s&g and toys for tots in 2024 with the holiday season upon us it’s a great time to think about giving back to our local communities. s&g has been family… 

 


 

wholesalecommercialcarpet cleaningabout
president’s day sale(all month long)up to15% off+ we pay the sales tax!applies to most carpet, hardwood, laminate, vinyl, lvp, and waterproof core flooringsale ends 2/28/2025
free in-home estimate
fast   |   convenient   |   huge selection
create a shopping list of your favorite samples at our flooring gallery and then request an appointment to see those samples and more in your home.
browse samplesschedule appointmentquality flooring at affordable priceseverything we do at s&g carpet and more is geared toward getting you, our customer, the best prices, the highest quality flooring, and the most professional flooring service available. it’s been that way since 1948 and will be for years to come.




find a location near youbuy carpet, hardwood, laminate, luxury vinyl plank, and waterproof flooringcalifornia 


cupertino, ca 




dublin, ca 




elk grove, ca 




pleasant hill, ca 




rancho cordova, ca 




rocklin, ca 




santa clara, ca 




san jose, ca 

arkansas 


rogers, ar 





spacious flooring showrooms near youeach of our showroom locations, located in rancho cordova, rocklin, elk grove, santa clara, san jose, cupertino, pleasant hill, and dublin is staffed with highly trained flooring professionals, eager to make sure you get the right carpet, waterproof core, hardwood, laminate, or vinyl flooring for your lifestyle, taste, décor, and budget.
each showroom features large display floors to help you visualize your selection. thousands of carpet, waterproof core, hardwood, and laminate samples are available to take home for a couple of days so you are sure of your choice. we want to make certain the flooring you choose from us is perfect for your space.
our warehouse/import center allows us to import and stock all types of flooring, including carpet, waterproof core, hardwood, laminate, and vinyl by the container load. we have a large in-stock inventory at each of our flooring showrooms that is ready for immediate or next day pickup. we offer convenient financing with approved credit, and have a store near you. s&g cuts out the middle-man offering you import direct savings every day.
convenient flooring store locationsbay area californiasacramento californianorthwest arkansas


find a showroom near you(866) 632-2773


multiple ways to shop for all types of projectsvisit a showroomvisit one of our large flooring showrooms to see thousands of carpet, hardwood, laminate, and waterproof floor options. speak with a consultant about your space, needs, and budget. we can handle everything from finding the perfect flooring and installing it in your space.
when s&g installs your flooring it is backed by our lifetime installation warranty so you can rest assured it will be done correctly and will last for years to come.
diy or material onlyone of the biggest reasons to shop with s&g is our huge selection of in-stock flooring. not only do we boast large showrooms but our warehouses are stocked full of flooring ready to be installed.
we understand not everyone is looking to have the flooring installed by one of our certified installers. that’s okay! we sell material so you can install it yourself or hire a local contractor to do the job for you.
shop at homewe offer a free shop at home program where we bring the floor to your door. view hundreds of samples in your space. this lets you see the samples next to your décor, and in the rooms lighting so you can purchase with confidence it will look great.
all of our bids are backed by our no surprise guarantee where the price we quote is the price you pay.
shop our flooringwhen you shop with s&g carpet and more you can view thousands of carpet colors and weaves, waterproof core designs, hardwood floor species,  laminate selections, and vinyl options. take home any of our countless flooring samples when you need a little more time to decide on the perfect carpet, waterproof core, hardwood, laminate, or vinyl floor. if you need advice on buying carpet or have any other flooring questions, highly trained professionals are available to help you find the right floor for your décor, and budget.
carpetfrom sophisticated patterns to colorful solids, our carpet styles are available in a wide range of shades, tones, and hues.
carpet gallerycarpet infowaterproof corethis is versatile and durable waterproof flooring, making it the perfect solution when you want the elegance of hardwood or stone without the risk of water damage.
waterproof core gallerywaterproof core infohardwoodwe offer a wide variety of wood flooring species, colors, and widths from classic species like red oak, maple and ash, to exotic flooring like tiger wood and brazillian cherry.
hardwood galleryhardwood infolaminatewe have a broad array of laminate wood planks and tile patterns in hundreds of styles and colors, so you can find exactly what you want.
laminate gallerylaminate infovinylvinyl floors are simply plastic flooring tiles made from synthetic components. this construction makes a vinyl floor inexpensive and easy to maintain.
vinyl galleryvinyl info5-star service 

i have used s & g previously for flooring for my kitchen and bathroom, and i have been pleased. the most recent flooring project in my bathroom was handled effectively and efficiently from the time i ordered the flooring to the job being completed. everyone i dealt with was helpful and efficient, and i would definitely use s & g again.
leslie lawler 



s&g carpet did an excellent job, all the way around. i needed the job done as soon as possible, and they got me on a cancellation list. they were able to do the job sooner than the original date. my wood flooring i needed to match, was not a problem for them. the job was done with excellent workmanship. we were really pleased with every aspect of the job!
kathy thompson 



from the moment we walked into the store until we said goodbye to the installers was better than expected. we never felt pressured and the installers were the best experience we have had in years. they were polite, professional and extremely hard working. they left our home and porch area cleaner than when they arrived. thank you for an outstanding experience!
susan & veronica kanczes 



from entering the store to installation, the experience couldn’t have been better. we were prepared to proceed with home depot until going into the store, only to be 4th in line for assistance. we were concerned about what would happen if we had issues post-installation.
we left home depot and immediately went to s&g where we were greeted by victoria. within two weeks, our carpet was installed and we couldn’t be happier and confident with our decision to go with s&g.
roy & tim cook 

 



(866) 632-2773view all testimonials
why is s&g carpet the best in flooring?click on each item below to learn more.no surprise guaranteewe stand by our estimates and products – so you don’t have surprises on the day of installation, or when the bill comes.
amazing warrantiesall of the brands we carry have solid warranties. in addition to the manufacturers warranty – we warranty all of our products for free even further so you know you are covered for years to come.
low price guaranteesave on products you love from brands you trust. if you find a better price somewhere else – we will beat any competitor’s written estimate by 10% for the same product.
enormous selectionwe will beat any competitor’s price by 10% guaranteed!
free estimatesall of our estimates are free and include installation and additional materials. we stand by our estimates and you will never have to worry about additional charges coming up halfway through the project.
clean showroomsour showrooms are clean and stocked full of product. you will be greeted with a smile by our consultants as you start your search for your flooring. our showrooms are family-oriented with a child’s play area, and seats when a break is needed.
fast installationwe offer quick installation on products we currently have stocked in store. our installers are polite, fast, and professional. you will love the new floors in your home.

we make your in-home estimate easycontact s&g carpet todayschedule your free appointment.we bring samples to you & measure your space.select your favorite samples & get a written estimate.quick & professional installation in your space.(866) 632-2773
shop at home for freerequest appointmentwe bring the floor to your door!available 6-days a week
huge selection of samples
laser measured for accuracy

choose from hundreds of colors & styles 


carpetcarpet 




hardwood flooringhardwood flooring 




laminate flooringlaminate flooring 




vinyl flooringvinyl flooring 




waterproof core flooringwaterproof core flooring 

 

we cut the cost of carpet, not the qualityat the s&g carpet and more carpet stores, we cut out the middle-man and bring direct savings to our customers on all of our carpet. waterproof core, laminate, hardwood, and vinyl products. we can even beat our flooring competitor’s prices with our low price guarantee.
plus, s&g selects carpet designed for durability that will last for years. to top of a great deal on your new carpet, we provide warrantied flooring installation and financing with approved credit. you can expect to get more carpet for your money at an s&g carpet and more store!
waterproof core flooring for busy spacessplashes and spills are a part of life, but they’re also tough on your floors. if water sits on the surface of a floor too long or seeps down to the subfloor, it can cause serious damage.
waterproof core flooring eliminates worries about water damage. this type of flooring is designed to repel water at its core so that both your flooring and your subfloors stay intact. waterproof core has become a popular flooring choice with high level of performance and durability combined with the high definition designs that look like real wood or tile.
wood flooring choicesfor the broadest selection of hardwood floors with the best pricing and warranty, come to an s&g hardwood showroom. our hardwood floors come in a wide variety of wood species, colors, and widths.
laminate floors are the durable choicefind the broadest selection of laminate flooring at any of the s&g flooring showrooms. families with active lifestyles that are looking for stone, tile, or wood flooring should definitely stop in one of our store locations in sacramento and the bay area and check out our laminate floor inventory. laminate floors are incredibly durable, easy to care for and come in a wide variety of realistic stone and wood flooring designs. if you love the look of real hardwood but are concerned with the upkeep, than laminate floors are the answer.
vinyl flooring offers varietyvinyl flooring can be an affordable way to create a hardwood or tile look without spending big on materials. most residential vinyl flooring comes as a sheet in various patterns and designs to fit your lifestyle and space. there are several qualities of vinyl flooring to work in a variety of budgets. the more luxurious vinyl flooring is textured and uses high definition prints to create a lifelike effect.



s&g carpet and more committed to our customersas always, you can ask a professionally trained flooring associate at s&g carpet and more to assist you throughout your entire carpet, waterproof core floor, hardwood floor, and laminate floor buying experience. they will also be able to help you find the best laminate floors, engineered hardwood floor, and installation options at the lowest prices.
your northern california flooring specialistss&g carpet and more have been selling and installing flooring since 1948. we have the widest selection and best pricing on carpet, waterproof core, hardwood, laminate, and vinyl flooring with the best warranties in the business. you can find our showroom locations in rancho cordova, rocklin, elk grove, pleasant hill, dublin, santa clara, san jose and cupertino.
company 

contact 



about 



careers 



financing 



in-home consultation 



testimonials 



wholesale division 



installation services 



privacy policy 

 


 
locations 


cupertino, ca 




dublin, ca 




elk grove, ca 




pleasant hill, ca 




rancho cordova, ca 




rocklin, ca 




rogers, ar 




santa clara, ca 




san jose, ca 

 


 
brands 

anderson 



armstrong 



calcore 



coretec 



karastan 



majesty 



mannington 



mohawk 



s&g private label 



shaw 



sweet flooring 



tapestry 

 


 
products 

flooring specials 



carpet 



carpet tiles 



hardwood flooring 



laminate flooring 



vinyl flooring 



waterproof core flooring 

 


 
communities served 

antelope 



arden-arcade 



auburn 



beal air force base 



cameron park 



carmichael 



citrus heights 



clarksburg 



colfax 



coloma 



cottonwood 



davis 



diamond springs 



dixon 



downtown sacramento 



el dorado hills 



elk grove 



fair oaks 



florin 



folsom 



foothill farms 



gold river 



granite bay 



grass valley 



knights landing 



laguna 



lincoln 



linda 



live oak 



loomis 



marysville 



mather air force base 



midtown sacramento 



natomas 



nevada city 



newcastle 



olivehurst 



orangevale 



penn valley 



penryn 



pilot hill 



placerville 



rancho cordova 



rancho murieta 



rio linda 



rocklin 



rosemont 



roseville 



sacramento 



sheridan 



shingle springs 



sutter 



vineyard 



wilton 



winters 



woodland 



yuba city 

 


 

sitemapprivacy policyccpa personal data requests&g carpet is northern california’s flooring superstore, with many warehouse locations across sacramento and the bay area. at our sacramento showrooms, we provide the widest selection of carpet, hardwood floors, laminate flooring, and vinyl floor, and tile in the sacramento area for home owners, renters and businesses. please see our website for complete information on our flooring installation guarantee. we proudly serve the communities of sacramento, arden-arcade elk grove, woodland, davis, cottonwood, winters, vacaville, fairfield, rancho cordova, folsom, roseville, citrus heights, rio linda, foothill farms, fair oaks, gold river, el dorado hills, cameron park, rocklin, loomis, lincoln, auburn, grass valley, penryn, colfax, nevada city, yuba city, marysville, olivehurst, sutter, live oak, linda, diamond springs, placerville, coloma, pilot hill, sheridan, penn valley, beal air force base, knights landing, florin, vineyard, wilton, clarksburg, rosemont, granite bay, antelope, orangevale, dixon, elk grove, laguna, midtown sacramento, downtown sacramento, natomas, carmichael, newcastle, mather air force base, shingle springs, and rancho murieta.
please send all correspondence to 3919 channel drive, west sacramento, ca 95691 .
© 2025 s&g carpet and more. all rights reserved.

 menu




 






























































