








homepage - inform























































skip to content















  


search for:








patrons and supportersabout about us35 years of inform and eileen barkerannual reportsinform policieswebsite terms of useimpact case studieskcl partnershippartnershipsreligion and worldviewsreports and resourcesinform-ayuryog collaborationinformation archive and databaseis it a cult?‘seeker’ guidelinesfriends & familyis it harmful?general leafletsindividual groupsinform book seriesevents upcoming eventspast eventsdonatecontactpatrons and supportersabout about us35 years of inform and eileen barkerannual reportsinform policieswebsite terms of useimpact case studieskcl partnershippartnershipsreligion and worldviewsreports and resourcesinform-ayuryog collaborationinformation archive and databaseis it a cult?‘seeker’ guidelinesfriends & familyis it harmful?general leafletsindividual groupsinform book seriesevents upcoming eventspast eventsdonatecontact 









search for:




















homepageinform2025-01-10t19:05:55+00:00 

we are an independent educational charity providing information about minority religions and sects which is as accurate, up-to-date and as evidence-based as possible.
read moresources of support – new leafletinform has just published a new leaflet for victims and survivors of harm experienced in religious contexts. it is also intended to support their families, friends and witnesses of harm caused in religious settings. professionals working to support people who have experienced harm may find this leaflet a helpful starting point and are welcome to contact inform for further resources.
 sources of support

what we do & how we do it
the primary roles we fulfil sit in 4 key areas:




1
expert
information



2
research



3
academic
publications



4
public
engagement


our offer
inform acts as a unique bridge between academic expertise and practical application






can you help to secure inform’s future?
since the reduction in support from government for charities following the financial crisis, inform has managed to secure a number of projects funded by a variety of organisations but, while these pay for staff time, they do not cover core costs such as rent, insurance and accounting expenses.
because inform believes it is important that the information it provides is as balanced and reliable as possible, it has a policy of not knowingly accepting funding from any religious, spiritual or other group about which it may be asked to give a report. it can, however, accept anonymous donations. if you would like inform’s work to continue and would like to give it some anonymous support, this can be done by clicking on the donate button on this and other pages.

donate to usinform is a registered charity, no. 801729. company no. 2346855. terms and conditions
inform is a registered charity, no. 801729. company no. 2346855. terms and conditions




 
 

 
 
 
page load link

 



newsletter sign-up






























