















servo dynamics pte ltd | best industrial automation & control solutions







      skip to main content
    









servo



  +65 6844 0288       servodynamics@servo.com.sg







search
search

      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    








about usdivisionsproductsrobotic systems6 axis articulated robotsagile automated storage and retrieval systemassistive robotscollaborative robotsdisinfectant robotintelligent building construction robotrobotics accessoriesscara robotsoftwarefactory automationactuatorac servo systemsdc brush / brushless systemsencodersgearboxgear reducershmi motion controllers / distributed network controllerspositioning systemsstepper systemsdrive & controlaudible alarm/voice synthesizerforce sensing systemslan/usb/poe/wireless (network)led lightingmotor controllers / amplifierssensorssignal tower / beaconothersmechanical componentactuatorbearingsbellows & clutchesbelts & pulleyscable carrierconduitcouplingdrawer slidesgas springleadscrew & ballscrewlinear actuator systemlinear componentslinear & ring track systemlocking elementtelescopic lineothersindustrial computingoperation controldata managementengineeringstratus technologiesnotificationindustrial safetycontrollersdrive technologynetworksoperation and monitoringrelayssensor technologysmall controllerssoftwareeducation techeducational robotsk12 steam education programindustries & solutionsnewscontact uslocate us































 


 one system . 
 zero complexity  
one stop shop for collaborative applications
get started with us now




 


 dobot : magician   
an all-in-one steam education platform 
get started with us now




 


  universal robots :   
  presenting the e-series world's #1 collaboration   
get started with us now




 


 hepcomotion :   
  linear motion component, linear guides and bearings   
get started with us now




 


  rollon :   
  linear guides and linear motion systems    
get started with us now



































why choose servo dynamics









experience team

our group is dedicated to promoting and providing solutions for motion control technologies and developing business opportunities for mechanical and electronic (mechatronics) motion control companies.









cost effective

dedicated to providing cost-effective motion control systems to oem customers, we provide extensive in-house expertise to minimize time-to-market and maximize customer satisfaction. 









quality assurance

servo dynamics pte ltd continuously strives to excel in providing the best industrial automation & control solutions with quality service that consistently exceeds contractual and statutory/regulatory requirements. we aim to satisfy our customers in their dealings with us. 
















we collaborated with the following divisions






robotic systems

view more





factory automation

view more





drive & control

view more





mechanical component

view more





industrial computing

view more





industrial safety

view more





education tech

view more
















 



you got requirement,
servo dynamics got the answer
view more





















 



cdx series : ultra high-accuracy laser displacement sensor




 




category : displacement sensor
light source : laserrealize world’s no. 1 linearity
featuring the world’s no. 1 linearity that easily satisfies the [+/-0.015% f.s.] catalog specification, cdx series models realize measurements with significantly higher levels of accuracy than the conventional model.
for triangulation method diffuse-reflective type displacement sensors.
optex fa investigation performed november 2016.
workpiece angle: +/-0°, diffuse mode.
	for measurement conditions, refer to the footnote of lineup/specifications."                    
a fusion of ultra high-accuracy and ease-of-use                    
measurement accuracy that we have accumulated know-how over decades , since our first laser displacement sensor was introduced to market.
a simple system structure from research of various user needs and operability with a new concept of a built-in web server for displacement sensors.
featuring a fusion of ultra high accuracy and easy-to-use, the perfection as a laser displacement sensor has been optimized to the upmost limits."                    
advanced optical system and highly-rigid body                    
in order to enable ultra high-accuracy measurements to be performed, a specially-designed optical system and rigid body with an independent base unit structure have been adopted.
featuring advanced levels of both accuracy and high speed, causes of errors have been successfully shut out.
	sent us for enquiry now

video

pdf/catalogue













request quotation









  subscribe to 






industries we served





 



hepcomotion : large rings for big demand - ring guides provide lasting support/endurance at trioptics
view more





 



hepcomotion : gv3 in automated pharmaceutical system
view more





 



linak® : introduces a new desk frame solution
view more





 



hepcomotion : gfx in l’oréal cosmetic packaging application
view more





 



aris-k2 : coronavirus has spurred home-grown chinese robotics companies, youibot to innovate.
view more





 



aris-k2 : human-height robot that using ultraviolet lights to sanitize rooms & measure body temperature 
view more





 



dobot : magician lite automate your daily activities
view more





 



dobot : customer story from university, vocational education to k12 stem program
view more





 



ur5 robotic arm in a cnc machine
view more





 



onrobot rg6 gripper + ur5 : collaborative grippers pack delicate herbs
view more






view all industries
















 



servo works closely to seek
solutions for our customers














application highlights















 





ur16e collaborative industrial robot

the universal robots ur16e delivers an impressive 16kg (35.3 lbs.) of payload within a small footprint, and is ideal for use in heavy machine tending, material handling, packaging, and screw and nut driving applications. this powerhouse robot allows for heavier end of arm tooling and multi-part handling, and is especially useful for achieving shorter cycle times.   view more >>


view video


















 





onrobot collaborative applications

onrobot takes robot compatibility to the next level with the onrobot one-system solution. new unified mechanical and electrical interface for any onrobot application dramatically simplifies automation with a single platform for a full range of collaborative and light industrial robotic systems.
 


view video


















 





automated storage: rollon solutions for logistics

in the logistics industry, especially intralogistics, shaving off one second or one centimeter can make a big difference. rollon solutions make shuttles, stacker cranes and vertical warehouses more efficient, and sustain the growth of this quickly growing sector. reliability and speed in smaller spaces are essential features that the components must have to achieve this result.


view video


















 





hepcomotion application montage 2019

dynamic applications hepcomotion have been involved in during the past few years


view video


















 





wonderware system platform 2017 with intouch omi

with two million software licenses at over 100,000 sites in 130 countries, aveva is the world's most trusted and agile software innovator. our massive install base connects over 20 billion device points, executes over 4.4 trillion industrial transactions daily, and stores over 12 petabytes of data annually.
every day we touch the lives of billions, trusted to help power and feed the planet, keep people moving, and keep them safe.


view video


















 





rta : stepping motor drives and switching power supplies

a complete range of stepping motor drives featuring more than 60 models, divided into six main typologies:
step&direction, step&direction advanced, analog input, programmable, canopen, ethercat, modbus tcp/ip.


view video
























brands we served
























view all brands



















featured products





 


 


 


 
























101 defu lane 10
singapore 539222
t: +65 6844 0288
f: +65 6844 0070
e:  servodynamics@servo.com.sg









what we offer


divisions


products


industries & solutions








company


about us


news


contact us


locate us









newsletter




  
  
  subscribe to our mailing list to receive updates on new products information.

  
  
  
 
email


      the subscriber's email address.
    


subscribemanage existing
















© servo dynamics. all rights reserved.



















