











taos lodging, condos and ski valley vacation rentals - rio hondo condominiums

























































 













 (575) 776-2646
book now


skip to content








call us

toll free1.800.461.8263tap to diallocal+575.776.2646tap to dial 



book now





close search 

search rio hondo


search for:



 









home
about us
rooms and rates
amenities
gallery
blog
contact
 

 














rio hondo condos





rio hondo condos









in the heart of taos ski valley
check out our rentals



































come take in the beauty of taos ski valley

 check your dates









 





















rooms




















amenities




















taos

















gallery




taos vacation lodging and condos
the place to be in taos ski valley!!!
rio hondo condominiums is "the place to be in tsv!!!" if you are looking for taos ski valley lodging. come join us this year to enjoy a fun-filled winter vacation in the beauty of our small mountain community. if adventure is what you're looking for, our surrounding national forest offers downhill skiing and snowboarding, backcountry snowshoeing, tubing, snow mobile rides through the wilderness, cross-country skiing nearby in the enchanted forest area and much more. entertainment and recreation options taos ski valley for vacation include live music, art gallery walks, shopping and sight-seeing.
the rio hondo condominiums, located along the rio hondo river, is the perfect place to stay for your next taos ski valley vacation rentals. we are conveniently located directly across from the children's ski school, beginner hill and ruegglli lift that you can ride up and ski over to the main lifts. all of our 2, 3 and 4 bedroom taos condos have fully equipped kitchens, dining areas, living rooms with wood or gas fireplaces, satellite tv, wireless internet and an outdoor deck or balcony. each of the tao condos has different bedding arrangements, so let us know your preferences. free guest washer and dryer available on premises as well as the best and largest outdoor hot tub and dry sauna on the mountain. 
the town of taos is 19 miles down the road, with small villages in between and around. both artists and visitors are inspired by the blending of desert beauty, ancient communities, and mountain vistas…a place for seclusion, fun and exploration!
we hope to see you soon at rio hondo condos for best taos lodging ....the place to be in tsv!!!


 










                    ©2021 rio hondo condominiums. all rights reserved.
 po box 81, taos ski valley, nm 87525. 
                    
home
contact
sitemap
 



search for:



 














