 

















home - agmis




























































 













 





















 




     

 







about us
services
case studies
news
career
contact
eu projects
 

about us
services
case studies
news
career
contact
eu projects
 




 

 












translating technology into business success 
							agmis provides tools for digital business transformation
 
							
 












what we do

 




our software ensures smooth operation of banks, insurance companies, healthcare providers, education institutions as well as logistics, manufacturing and aviation!

 


software development services15+ years of global development experience for your bespoke software projects.read morededicated developers and teamsbeat deadlines, reduce costs, add competencies via dedicated developer and it team sourcing services.read morecomputer vision applicationsreal world analytics ai applications for retail, construction and manufacturing.read moresalesforce servicescertified salesforce partner ready to supercharge your customer experience.read moredeveloper marketplacediscover currently available or soon available developers and dedicated teams.read moreaccelerate your startup developmentour startup development programme is aimed at startup founders ready to make the next step in their journey.read more 




case studies

 











paperless forms for ambulance paramedics

 




agmis solution help to simplify data entry, reduce error rate, reduce time per patient and enabled paramedics to attend to more patients in need.

 read more








personal assistant application for truck drivers

 




the solution encompasses all required applications into one package – including routing, telemetrics, ability to instantly share pictures of freight and freight documents and stay in touch with fleet manager via the chat feature.

 read more








medical staff e-learning suite

 




our customer had an old fashioned moodle-based training suite that was running on moodle lms. as moodle lacked many enterprise functions, the customer wanted to migrate all functionality to the new platform.

 read more







what our clients say

 thank you for all your hard work, you were excellent and have helped me achieve exactly what i needed.- joseph mcmahon -in my opinion, agmis is a competitive company in the market. in our case, they were able to take over the support of the existing system and were able to manage the modules of the system while integrating the new ones. agmis' employees are skilled in their field of expertise, and as a team, they are able to develop a working solution - working source code in our case- antanas drazdauskas -since this was our first foray into iphone app space, we relied heavily on agmis throughout the full development lifecycle. we could not have done this without agmis’s professional, technically sharp staff, who were always willing to go the extra step to propose innovative solutions, help us through stumbling blocks – technical and marketing oriented- victoria girdziunas - 






		    get in touch	    



 












		    join the team	    



 























about company 


copenhagen


langebrogade 1 dk-1411 copenhagen
	



brussels


place stéphanie, avenue louise 54
b-1050 brussels; place stéphanie, 
avenue louise 33 



categories

artificial intelligence

business

customers

drones

education

farming

investment

management

renevable energy

retail

salesforce


 




recent posts


„agmis“ kviečia augti kartu su lyderiais: pavasarį startuoja penktoji „salesforce“ akademija


how scanwatch uses artificial intelligence to prevent food theft at the self-checkout counters


shoplifters target self-checkout registers amid soaring inflation


agmis accelerator: krattworks success story


 



newsletter

lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, ea odio labitur vim, omnium dignissim concludaturque nam in escitum esse.

	



 
















 













© 2025 agmis | privacy policy













 











cookies are files that are downloaded to your device when you visit the website. cookies help us recognize your device and improve the functionality and ease of use of our website. the use of cookies is completely safe for your devices and information contained therein. more information on our cookie policycookie policyacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
what are cookies?

cookies are files downloaded to your device during your visit to a website. cookies help us to recognise your device and improve the functionality of our website as well as facilitate the use of the website. the use of cookies is entirely safe for your devices and information stored on them.

why do we use cookies?

we use cookies to improve the functionality of our website and to facilitate its use. we also use cookies to individualise your browsing experience and the contents displayed to you. through cookies, we analyse your browsing history and use this data to enable you to use our services, for statistical analysis purposes.

which cookies do we use?

technical cookies. technical cookies help to depict the contents of the website on your device. using technical cookies, we ensure the functionality of the website and its adaptation to your needs. technical cookies are essential for proper functioning of the website . without them, it is impossible to use our website comprehensively. these cookies do not collect any information about you that is used for sales or marketing.

functional cookies. functional cookies are intended for improving the functionality of the website and making it convenient to use. these cookies do not collect any information about you that is used for sales or marketing.

analytical cookies. analytical cookies help to recognise the visitors to our website, so that we can adapt the operation of our website to the maximum extent possible to your needs and wishes. using analytical cookies, we analyse the things we do right or have to improve. furthermore, analytical cookies help us to improve our activities and ensure that your visits to our website are helpful to you. information collected by analytical cookies is generic and not individualised. information of analytical cookies may be used to show the most popular pages viewed or to provide helpful information as you browse.

target (commercial) cookies. target (commercial) cookies are aimed at individualising your browsing experience and the contents shown to you. target cookies are used to analyse the browsing history.

how can the cookie settings be change?

you can change the cookie settings at any time by selecting the cookies you want to accept or to delete in the browser settings. you can refuse the cookies at any time by deleting them from your browser where they have been installed. the place where the cookies can be managed depends on the browser you use. to find out more about the management or deletion of the cookies installed in your browser, please visit the website of the browser you use.

you may also withdraw your consent concerning the use of the cookies at any time, by sending your request to us by email info@agmis.lt or telephone + 370 37 211 351. when withdrawing your consent concerning the use of the cookies, you shall also have to delete the cookies installed in your website yourself.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept














 

























































































































