







home - about women ob-gyn





























































































  






learn about our covid-19 check-in process.






instagramfacebookschedule appointment
patient portal
pay bill online
(703) 878-0740 


about us

contact us
health topics


obstetrics

telemedicine
routine prenatal care
midwifery services
labor and delivery
maternity hospital tours
ultrasound
signs of labor
genetic testing
safe medications during pregnancy
foods to avoid during pregnancy
postpartum depression assessment
obstetrics faqs
your guide to pregnancy


gynecology

telemedicine
general gyn services

annual wellness exam
birth control
breast examination
cervical cancer screening
teen adolescent gynecology
sexually transmitted diseases
osteoporosis
pms relief


specialized gyn services

abnormal pap follow-up
endometrial biopsy
hormone replacement therapy
hysterectomy
infertility evaluations
minimally invasive surgery
da vinci surgery
novasure®
uterine fibroids


gynecology faqs


3d mammography

why 3d mammography


weight loss management

semaglutide weight loss
semaglutide faqs
tirzepatide weight loss
tirzepatide faqs


skin care

botox


meet the team
patient resources

medical records release
gestational diabetes log
patient forms
faqs

adolescent faqs
obstetrics faqs
gynecology faqs
billing faqs


insurance and billing
followmyhealth
prescription refills
privacy
telemedicine


locations
search




menu


menu

 







compassionate ob-gyn carefor every stage of a woman’s life.
about women ob-gyn is your partner in wellness, through the joys and challenges of every age and every stage of your life.


patient portal
book online now
telemedicine



compassionate carefor every stage of a woman’s life.
about women ob-gyn is your partner in wellness, through the joys and challenges of every age and every stage of your life.


patient portal
request an appointment
telemedicine




wellness resources for yourstage of life


young and on your way
young and on your way
your path to life-long, healthy habits
women between adolescence and adulthood often experience exciting but challenging changes to their bodies, resulting in a need for positive awareness and proactive attention to their gynecological health. we recommend that young women begin seeing a gynecologist between ages 13-15. our providers, conveniently accessible in our woodbridge, lorton, and stafford offices, take a personalized approach to care that includes answering your questions on everything from menstrual irregularities to birth control.
wellness resources for young women

wellness exam
birth control options


menstrual cycle
sexual health




oh, baby
oh, baby
whether you’re expecting your first child or are a veteran mom, the team at about women ob-gyn has the obstetric care expertise to guide you through one of the most exciting, fulfilling, and challenging stages of womanhood. if you are starting to think about getting pregnant or have been trying without success for a year or longer, we can provide you with comprehensive family planning and reproductive health services, conveniently accessible in the woodbridge, lorton, and stafford areas of northern virginia.
wellness resources for women

what to expect?
ultrasound


genetic testing
preconception planning




in full stride
in full stride
at about women ob-gyn, we are committed to ensuring your health at every life stage. if you’re between the ages of 35 and 50, you can change the course of your future by adopting healthy habits today. the experts at about women ob-gyn, bringing advanced expertise in the gynecological health issues of this lifestage to fairfax, prince william, and stafford counties in northern virginia, can help you make proactive choices that will improve your wellness through early perimenopause, perimenopause, and early menopause.
wellness resources for women

wellness exam
breast health & mammograms
hormone therapy/replacement


perimonopause
tests & health screenings for women over 35
hysterectomy & minimally invasive surgeries




aging gracefully
aging gracefully
your health priorities often evolve as you mature. with a focus on preventive care, you can turn the concept of “aging gracefully” into a reality. the gynecological care team at about women ob-gyn, with northern virginia offices in woodbridge, stafford, and lorton, provides customized care that allows you to address health challenges proactively, instead of tackling them as problems arise.
wellness resources for women

wellness exam
breast health
menopause
tests & health screening for women over 50


hormone therapy / replacement
davinci hysterectomy & minimally invasive surgeries






award-winning expertise meets personal attention
welcome to a completely different medical practice. at about women ob-gyn, our advanced training and progressive medical technologies are only the beginning. we pair a full understanding of the special healthcare needs of women with our unique passion for caring for each woman as an individual.
at our northern virginia offices serving woodbridge, lorton, stafford, and nearby communities, our physicians, nurses and technicians, all specialized in obstetrics or gynecology, make it their mission to get to know you and your concerns. think of it as state-of-the-art women’s healthcare, offered with compassion and personal attention.
about women ob-gyn strives to create an inclusive culture that enables us to provide personalized and compassionate obstetric and gynecological care for women of all backgrounds, beliefs, and life experiences. we are committed to fostering a culture that reflects the communities we serve and does not discriminate on the basis of age, disability, race, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, or medical condition.


what to expect
meet the team


pregnancy & prenatal care
about women ob-gyn can help you prepare for success before and during your pregnancy. we can help you achieve the best possible health before conception and continue to make wise choices that benefit both your health and your baby’s.

learn more


wellness visit
we customize your annual gynecological wellness visit to your life stage and medical history as well as revisit your health goals on an annual basis. our doctors and staff will empower you with the information you need to establish and maintain good health.

learn more
birth control
the personalized approach at about women ob-gyn means we make a special effort to get to know you thoroughly and help you choose an effective, safe birth control method that meets your unique health situation and personal preference.

learn more


minimally invasive surgery
the skilled physicians at about women ob-gyn are trained in the latest minimally invasive surgical techniques. bringing advanced women’s healthcare to the fairfax, prince william, and stafford county regions of northern virginia, these physicians can perform virtually any type of gynecological surgery you may need during your lifetime—including state-of-the-art da vinci robotic and laparoscopic surgeries.

learn more

simplifyingwomen’s health
you live a busy life – your obstetric and gynecological health care doesn’t have to add to it! about women ob-gyn provides a one-stop shop for all your needs.

same day, next day appointments
weekend and evening appointments available
on-site lab and ultrasound
telehealth appointments available




what our patientsare saying

i have been a patient of about women ob/gyn for many years, and have received well women services as well as prenatal services & delivered two babies having an outstanding experience for both. the clinical expertise, care & concern are outstanding, and the business operation is excellent. i recommend this practice highly.
brittany l
i switched over to about women in my second trimester and was worried since i was already far along but they made the transition go by smoothly .it was no hassle at all and the receptionist are always nice on the phone and in person . i’ve only been there twice but both times i’ve had a good experience. there’s a few people that i noticed looked like they were having a bad day but we all have them. i couldn’t be any happier i switched to about women for my prenatal care.
anahi c
i walked in, and questioned myself on whether i was in the right office. it looks like a spa! when you are looking forward to getting poked and prodded in the nether regions, it’s nice to have that feeling that you are going in for a massage as opposed to the barbaric notions you truly accept going into. the staff up front need a little talking to as far as bed side manner, but still giving them a 5, because every other living being in that facility were sweet as can be, even the young woman at the check out counter. i was scared to change my gyn, but super happy i did. the doctor may have been half my age, but she spoke with the maturity of my age. wow.
tabitha r
highly recommend! this entire practice is beyond amazing. always feel welcome, safe and comfortable when i have an appointment, they are always on time – they do not keep you waiting. very professional, clean and knowledgeable. dr. weltman is so pleasant and friendly every time i see her. if she, one of her colleagues is ready to step in. hands down one of the best all around medical offices i have been in.
pamala g
i just want the world to know how great and wonderful these doctors are. i really can not find words to describe my great experience with these doctors. i first met with dr carpenter and i was like wow, never met someone so patient like her. then i met doctor misty grey. her smile, patience and her willingness to listen to you is amazing. then finally dr colon. i was so confident the moment he spoke and attended to me. these doctors can turn your pregnancy pain into smiles. if you are looking for a good ob/gyn, don’t look else where, about women ob/gyn is the place to go. trust me, you will come back writing long reviews like i just did.
barikisu s
previousnext
  

office locations


woodbridge
potomac center
2296 opitz blvd.,
suite 440
woodbridge, va 22191



lorton
lorton station town center
8998-a lorton station blvd.
lorton, va 22079



stafford
doc stone commons
95 dunn drive,
suite 205
stafford, va 22556







obstetrics
gynecology
cosmetic procedures


our providers
your visit
insurance & billing
prescription refills
health topics


patient portal
telemedicine
patient forms
contact us






 



voted best for the
 9th consecutive year













notice: content on this web site and any third party material incorporated in or linked from this site is for general educational and informational purposes only, and does not constitute or take the place of advice from a clinical provider. please consult with your healthcare professional for information specific to your personal medical situation.




  


© copyright 2025 - about women ob-gyn. all rights reserved 
privacy & terms
careers







scroll to top




































