





nursing care plans long term care






























home director of nursing resources mds coordinator resources federal long term care regulations long term care advocates 


director of nursing handbook
mds coordinator’s handbook
complete nursing care plans
social service care plans
inservices for nursing assistants
nursing policies and procedures
restorative nursing
infection control program
activities care plans
snf  administrators
loading 


baseline care plan requirements outlined by cms
posted by ltcs on january 23, 2025 long term care facilities must develop and implement a baseline care plan for each resident within 48 hours of admission. the guidelines state the 48 hour baseline care plan must include “the instructions needed to provide effective and person-centered care of the resident that meet professional standards of quality care,” including, but not limited to: initial goals based on admission orders, physician orders, dietary orders, therapy services, social services, and pasarr recommendation, if applicable. according to the regulations, facilities may develop a comprehensive care plan in place of the baseline care plan if the comprehensive care plan meets all of the requirements for the baseline care plan outlined in the surveyor guidelines. in order to assure all of the requirements of the guidelines are met, ltcs books recommends that the facility develops and implements a comprehensive care plan within 48 hours of admission. baseline care plan regulations
enhanced barrier precautions now required
posted by ltcs on march 24, 2024 enhanced barrier precautions (ebp) are now required by cms for residents with chronic wounds or indwelling medical devices during high-contact resident care activities regardless of their multi drug-resistant organism  (mrdo) status. the new guidelines list the specific chronic wounds and high-contact resident care activities. required measures for ebp are: gloves and gown prior to the high-contact care activity, change ppe before caring for another resident, face protection if performing activity with risk of splash or spray. the ltcs book infection control program for long term care has been updated to reflect the new guidelines.
new mds version 1.18.11
posted by ltcs on january 3, 2024 cms released last october the final draft of the minimum data set, mds 3.0 version 1.18.11 that must now be used for all mds assessment submissions. section g was entirely dropped. eleven sections of the mds form had significant changes. there were also additions to the care area assessment triggers. ltcs books has updated books, care plans, care area assessments, and flash drives for the changes, including the mds coordinator’s handbook, complete nursing care plans book, director of nursing handbook, restorative nursing program, and social services care plans. the flash drives also include a free guide to the latest mds changes in an easy to use chart. cms mds 3.0 rai manual page and updates
 order now and receive free 2025 mds assessment calendar and free fast shipping with usps tracking current with all mds v1.19.1 and rai manual updates, surveyor guidelines, and cms federal regulatory changes. view and print nursing care plan examples and forms: tube feeding skilled charting guideline breathing patterns care plan visual function care area assessment caa smoking safety assessment facility smoking policy

home
site map
privacy policy
ordering and return information
about ltcs books
contact ltcs books

nursing care plans for long term care, mds coordinator books, and director of nursing books
copyright © 2025 ltcs books inc, long term care solutions, all rights reserved.
1019 e sheridan dr, bloomington, in 47401
info@ltcsbooks.com
by debra collins, rn, rac-ct




