









cowan, liebowitz & latman home page











main menu
main content
search




share 









spotlight


managing ip gives its highest ranking to cowan, liebowitz & latman’s trademark prosecution and dispute practices and recognizes 7 cowan attorneys in its 2024 ip stars guide



news & insights


jonathan king will speak at the new york state bar association (nysba) easl fall meeting: music, business and law conference  
cowan, liebowitz & latman receives highest rankings in wtr 1000 2025 edition
the brand trophy paradox: how to market brand recognition and avoid legal risk
cowan, liebowitz & latman receives u.s. trademark prosecution firm of the year award at the global ip awards






on my mind blog


proving a slogan fails to function as a trademark





anastasia  zhadinapartnermeet our attorneys ›



case studies


a smoking hot decisionwe established that cigarette rolling paper size designations are generic.learn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
litigation victory: mastercardlearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
appellate victory against coca-cola marks well-known in indiafederal circuit reverses cancellation of u.s. trademark registrationslearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
$3.5 million award in case involving resale of digital musicthe second circuit affirms summary judgment for our client.learn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
pro bono offer for covid-19 charitable or nonprofit ventureslearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
u.s. supreme court supports copyright protection for apparel designslearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
appellate victory on behalf of barclaysfederal circuit upholds successful opposition against application to register lehman brothers for whiskeylearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
complex sale of the mccall pattern company and transfer of international assetslearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
major league zombie hunter & design registration for clothing is cancelledwe succesfully represented our client, major league baseball partners, inc.learn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
multi-million dollar sale of publishing/news organizationlearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
multiple hundred-million dollar sale of firm’s oldest client to kohler co.learn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›






what they say


“from the quality of its clientele to the calibre of its practitioners, cowan, liebowitz & latman is an undisputed leader in the trademark space. for bullet-proof prosecution strategies and hard-hitting enforcement, few firms across the united states offer as well-stocked a bench as the new york boutique. “2024 wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals 
“joel [karni schmidt] is a highly competent professional in all uspto matters. he is also skilled in negotiating co-existence agreements and supporting in alleged infringement matters covering all kind of ip rights. joel is highly qualified, has a hands-on approach and is a skilled ip practitioner whose work always satisfies.”2024 wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals
"cowan excels at navigating legal intricacies, demonstrating unparalleled competence in handling complex ip issues with precision, clarity and strategic insight."chambers usa 2024
“‘joelle [milov] delivers consistently outstanding work in the complex areas of trademark prosecution and dispute resolution. joelle’s diligence, expertise and precision have been instrumental in safeguarding clients’ intellectual property rights, and her unwavering commitment to excellence has been truly inspiring.”2024 wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals
“[mary] kevlin has handled an enormous number of uspto proceedings over her 35 years in practice. very active at the ttab, she succeeded in having the board declare the world series to have ‘a very high level of fame’ back in 2017.”2024 wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals 


read more reviews ›





why us
founded in 1957, we maintain long-term relationships by providing sound advice, quality legal work, and highly-responsive, personalized service.

more information about us ›


what we do
we represent clients of all sizes across a broad range of industries. the boutique size of our firm, and the breadth of our practice capabilities, allow us to provide a multidisciplinary approach in a cost-effective manner.



trademark
copyright
litigation & early dispute resolution
patents
advertising, media & technology
customs, international cargo & regulatory compliance
corporate & real estate
trusts & estates
employment & military law
trade secrets


see our practices ›


our clients
our experience spans a broad range of industries and is international in scope. we appreciate the opportunity of growing with successful companies and brands, as well as creative individuals and accomplished executives.













see more clients ›


cowan, liebowitz & latman, p.c.


21st floor
114 west 47th street
new york, ny 10036-1525
t  212.790.9200f  212.575.0671law@cll.com


contact us ›


stay informed
sign up to receive news, insights, invitations to programs and updates from our team.
			by inserting your email and clicking the “sign up” button, you agree to the
			terms of our privacy policy and terms of use.


email address*



x code




* indicates a required field.








why usabout uswhat they sayreach and impactpro bonodiversity and inclusionsocial responsibilityour peopleattorney searchwhat we dopractice areasshaping the fieldexperienceclientswhat's newnewseventson my mind blogcopyright developments blogpublicationssign upcontact

back to page


© 2025 cowan, liebowitz & latman, p.c.
cowan connect
join us
resources
terms of use
privacy policy
attorney advertising

site by firmseek










our website uses cookies to improve the user experience and other functionalities. by continuing to use our site or clicking the “proceed” button, you agree to our use of cookies and the terms of our privacy policy and terms of use.

proceed










