






home - ben's bells
 





































































donate
shop
about

founder’s story
history
our team
board of directors
science and culture advisory council
mission and position statements
community partnerships
locations


kind practices

agents of kindness
art inspiration
assemblies
bellings
bells
camp kind
kind campus
kind colleagues
kind notes
kindness coins
murals
speaking
tools for kindness


get involved

celebration of kindness
donate
shop
volunteer
el tour de tucson
field trips
studio workshops
parties
donation request
retail partnership
workplace giving
sponsor
join our team


contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 

















found a bell? tell us about it!



found bell










ben’s bells are colorful ceramic ornaments hung in communities throughout the world as symbols of kindness for people to find and take home. thousands of volunteers visit our studios and help us make bells each year. by the time each bell is hung, many hands have had a part in its journey, and it represents the efforts of an entire community coming together to make one person’s day a little kinder.
but that’s not all we do!
ben’s bells educates communities about the benefits of kindness and the skills we need to make kindness part of our daily lives. kindness can be easy or it can require great skill, and when we practice regularly our small actions make a larger impact than a single random act. our programs are designed to help us understand the human brain so we can develop our awareness and compassion – both for ourselves and others.







intentional kindness

ben’s bells teaches individuals and communities about the positive impacts of intentional kindness and inspires people to practice kindness as a way of life.



kind practices

ben’s bells programs are based on the belief that everyone has the capacity to be kind and that kindness can be cultivated through education, visual reminders, and ongoing practice.



change the world

by recognizing, valuing, supporting, and practicing intentional kindness, we can change the world.











upcoming events





saturday, march 8thbeadstring studio workshoptucson, az






saturday, may 10thcelebration of kindnesstucson, az







 










media kit     |     financials     |     privacy policy     |       

ben's bells • 40 w broadway blvd, tucson, az 85701 • tax id: 76-0779755
copyright © 2024 ben's bells, inc. all rights reserved







media kit     |     financials     |     privacy policy     |       

ben's bells • 40 w broadway blvd, tucson, az 85701 • tax id: 76-0779755
copyright © 2024 ben's bells, inc. all rights reserved



 








 












