


































    cafe antonio-pizza & italian restaurant-morrisville pa
  









              

215-428-3999     home



  menus


   pizzeria-take out



  dining room-lunch



  happy hour menu



  dining room-dinner





  banquet


   banquet lunch



  banquet dinner





  catering



  vip club



  contact





  

order food online







    
 





      


   
café antonio is the place to dine in morrisville. where classic and contemporary italian cuisines intermingle in meals created with love. where tantalizing aromas are but a precursor to the palate-pleasing flavors that await you, whether discovered in our delicioso traditional italian dishes or any of our chef’s delectable daily specials.we at café antonio are committed to creating and serving only food meeting the highest standards of quality, freshness and seasonality. to consistently provide our customers with impeccable service while demonstrating an unparalleled caliber of warmth, hospitality, knowledge and professionalism. to have every customer who enters café antonio be not only satisfied and impressed, but leave excited to return again...soon.regardless of your culinary longing, café antonio is sure to please. beyond our remarkable food and old world ambiance, café antonio offers the ability to accommodate any special occasion or event you may be planning: banquets, weddings, receptions, corporate business meetings (both on and off premises), catering services, party trays and more.sincerely,chef chris & veronica uriostegui


    


  


  




    

catering & partiesour private dining room makes for the perfect location for all types of events. from corporate dinners and lunches to family gatherings and celebrations. click the link above to see a list of our available packages.
  

our dining room & barjoin us in our dining room for a delicious lunch or dinner. or sit at the bar with some friends and grab a bite to eat. it's where appetites are satisfied and memories are made.
  

pizzeria casual dining visit our pizzeria for a casual lunch or dinner in a friendly atmosphere. many variety of beers to choose from.we now offer delivery, take a look at our menu then place and receive your order without ever leaving your home.


       

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button










    








       

 107 e trenton ave morrisville pa 19067

215-428-3999

actual pricing may vary from website prices.
printed in-store menus reflect current pricing.
     




 
 ©
all rights reserved 

 sunny72 creative





















































































































  
  share by:








