




the dictionary of victorian london, by lee jackson, author





























	by lee 
		jackson, author of this site ...

		the secret diary of charles dickens, aged 13¾  kindle edition

			charles dickens, aged 13¾, living in johnson street, camden town, yearns 
		to make his way in the world. but he is constantly thwarted by his 
		less-than-respectable family, particularly his loveable spendthrift 
		father. when he falls in love with an aloof young woman across the road, 
		a certain miss selena hathersage, he desperately attempts to win her 
		affections — only to encounter shocking domestic upheavals, a sinister 
		rakish love rival, a disputed inheritance, and some truly awful amateur 
		dramatics.
buy now exclusively on kindle only £1.99
try a sample here!







a new book by lee jackson, author of this site ... 
the secret diary of charles dickens, aged 13¾

try a sample here!



new book



lee jackson's new book - dickensland: the curious history of dickens's london - traces the fascinating history of dickensian tourism, exploring both real victorian london and a fictional city shaped by fandom, tourism, and heritage entrepreneurs. beginning with the late nineteenth century, jackson investigates key sites of literary pilgrimage and their relationship with dickens and his work, revealing hidden, reinvented, and even faked locations. from vanishing coaching inns to submerged riverside stairs, hidden burial grounds to apocryphal shops, dickensland charts the curious history of an imaginary world ...

order from amazon.co.uk or amazon.com or direct from yale uk

   
the dictionary of victorian london


		the 		dictionary of victorian london is a website 
		created by lee jackson, which launched in 2001. the site contains several thousand pages of primary sources which 
		reveal the social history of victorian london, including nineteenth 
		century journalism, diaries, social investigation, guidebooks, cartoons 
		and much more, which can be searched by keyword or through browsing the 
		menu system. the site, although no longer updated with new material, continues to be popular with students, writers and 
		researchers and anyone interested in how life was lived in the victorian 
		capital.

visit the dictionary of victorian london ... 
    

about the author

lee jackson is an author and 
		historian with an abiding interest in the social history and geography 
		of victorian london.
his non-fiction book dirty old london (yale, 
2014) was described by the times as 'a tightly argued, meticulously researched 
history of sanitation that reads like a novel'; and by the new york times as 
'utterly engrossing'. his subsequent book palaces of pleasure (yale, 2019) discussed 
the victorians' invention of mass entertainment, and was described by the 
times as 'a lively and superbly researched history'.
lee completed a phd at royal holloway 
university, in conjunction with the dickens museum, in 2021. a book based on this research, entitled dickensland: the curious history of dickens's london, is now available.


he is also the creator of this website the dictionary of 
victorian london, a massive compilation of primary sources charting the social 
history of the nineteenth century metropolis.

	
email: 
lee@victorianlondon.org

   


victorian london ebooks

	the victorian london ebooks collection 
	of digitised texts for kindle, including some 
	very rare items unavailable elsewhere:

14. the 
			last of the climbing boys, 
by george elson (1900)

			   the memoirs of a victorian chimney-sweep, a rare working-class 
			autobiography ...


13. 
the 
			doom of the great city, 
			by william delisle hay (1880)
    
			the first modern tale of urban apocalypse, in which victorian london 
			is overwhelmed by killer fog ...

12. mord 
em'ly, by william pett 
ridge (1901)
    
'mord em'ly' [maud emily] is one of the great anti-heroines of victorian 
literature - read about girls, gangs and salvation in turn-of-the-century south 
london ...


11. adventures 
of an american girl in victorian london,  by 
elizabeth l. banks (1894) [orig. title: 'campaigns of 
curiosity']
 an american lady journalist goes undercover to find out 
what     life is like for servants and other lowly 
employees ...


10. dust, 
mud, soot & soil: the worst jobs in victorian london 
[discontinued - see 'dirty old london' in print books]



9. the wilds 
of london, by james greenwood (1874)
    
another tour of london's dark underbelly, from a detailed first-hand description 
of life as a convict, in newgate and portland, to the midnight burial of a 
suicide.


8. the 
diary of a murder, by lee jackson 
(2011)
    
a murder-mystery set in 1860s islington - the death of a housewife - the diary 
of her husband. but who is her killer?


7. the 
journal of a disappointed man, by 
w.n.p. barbellion (1919)
 one of english literature's great overlooked diarists, a 
fascinating slice of edwardian life, composed by a writer with a fine wit and 
waspish sense of humour.


6. twice 
round the clock, by george augustus 
sala (1859)
 a 24-hour tour of the metropolis, beginning at 4am in 
billingsgate, and moving around the city with each passing hour.


5. the 
seven curses of london, by james 
greenwood (1869)
 a voyage through the low life of london, including 
prostitution, baby-farming and rat-baiting.


4. daily 
life in victorian london : an extraordinary anthology, 
edited by lee jackson (2011)
 bestseller! over 17,000 copies sold of this entertaining 
anthology of the mundane and the astonishing. discover how your ancestors really 
lived.


3. curiosities 
of london life, by charles 
manby smith (1853)
 a journalist explores the nooks and corners of the 
capital, from the rise of the pie-shop, to the dastardly trade of dog-stealing.


2. london 
and londoners in the 1850s and 1860s, 
by alfred rosling bennett (1924)
 a brilliant, idiosyncratic memoir of life in the 
mid-century, full of fascinating details.


1. the 
hooligan nights, by clarence 
rook (1899)
 a 'true story' of a young criminal on the streets of 
1890s lambeth, in his own words.


twitter et al.

		access my twitter feed at @victorianlondon. several thousand photographs of london are 
		visible on my
		
flickr account. you may also enjoy the archived 
		files of 
the cat's 
		meat shop (2007-2017), which also contains several hundred 
		items on victorian london topics.


books by lee jackson



 
		
			

non-fiction

 
		
 
		
 
		






fiction

 
	
 
	
 
	
 
	
 
	
 
	
 



twitter and other distractions


		access my twitter feed at @victorianlondon. several thousand photographs of london are 
		visible on my
		
flickr account. you may also enjoy the archived 
		files of 
the cat's 
		meat shop (2007-2017), which also contains several hundred 
		items on victorian london topics.


books by lee jackson



 



 
		
 
		
 
		








 
	
 
	
 
	
 
	
 
	
 
	
 



