




free sex chat rooms - no registration required































 sex chat sexchat


double your pleasure, with twice the sexy chat options!

 





mature adults only, welcome.



18+ only



                            if you are a mature adult over 18 years old, looking for sexual info and entertainment, we welcome you to explore our open minded community.
                            
click here for live sex chat

 


this site contains adult themes and language.
if you continue into this web site, you agree to, and are bound by our terms and conditions, and our privacy policy. take time to understand them before using our chat systems.






why this site is so cool





you will likely find other like minded people in one of our many niche fantasy chat rooms 24 hours a day. people enjoy our free, no registration required sex chat rooms all over the world, so you will likely meet people from several different time zones inside the main chat system.





                                            we have been providing an open forum for erotic discussions for many years now, and have developed a friendly place for a diverse community of chatters from around the world.
                                            

                                            more fun. more safe. more private.
                                            

                                            we have a firm set of rules that aim to keep it a safe and fun place for adults.  please read the rules the community has developed.
                                            
before you get too involved in the chat rooms online, please read our tips for online discussion safety. this important info is hyperlinked at the bottom of almost all of our site pages.


                                            we also take your privacy very seriously and do not trade your data to third parties for easy sharing buttons or analytics and things like that.
                                            


                                            to learn more about our principles, policies, and history, see our about us page.






 we also have open forums, and the "sex chat peeps" sexy social network section which includes profiles, avatar uploads, picture sharing, user created blogs, private "e-mail like" messaging, cam2cam chat, public (and private) groups, and many other goodies as well.



a majority of the areas of this site are now mobile friendly!
                                         (now playing well with most tablets, cell phones, and other portable devices)
other popular areas of this site include sections where you can flirt with cam girls who are doing professional live video sex, and a section where you can check out guys, lesbians, couples, bisexual men, and transgender performers that are doing live video online as well.




free sex chat




 live video sex 

 live guys 

 live girls 



just about everything here is free, and we plan to keep it that way.

other popular areas of our site include:




sc blog - news and info

site news, important issues, user comments, and much more! tons of information for people who post online.
check out the scsc blog!






exclusive sexy videos

how to score more action in sex chat rooms, sexy strippers, fan videos, member uploads...
check out the scsc videos!




our on-site rooms (free chat with other visitors to our site)




xirta sex chat system


works with mobile devices.
can create new / private rooms.
registration not required with some limitations.

new and powerful for 2021 and beyond. the xirta system has tons of cool features to enjoy!
our xirta chat check it out






peeps text chat

chat room in our "social network section"


works on mobile devices.
main rooms, users can not make new ones.
can connect / link to peeps profile.
no registration required.
free registration gives avatars and offline messaging.

peeps chat roomcheck it out





 

 
 
 






 site map - list of site pages 


 about us
 contact us
terms / conditions of use
 privacy policy
 copyright © 2005 - 2024 - all rights reserved









