home - laramide resources ltd.           





































































































































































 laramide resources ltd.

tsx:lam

otcqx:lmrxf

asx:lam

subscribehomeaboutabout usmanagement teamcorporate governanceestma reportsarticles and by-lawsprojectsprojectsoverviewusa projectscrownpoint-churchrock uranium projectla jara mesa uranium projectla sal uranium projectaustralia projectswestmoreland uranium projectmurphy uranium projectkazakhstanchu-sarysu projectnews202520242023202220212020201920182017investorsinvestor centrecorporate presentationnewsmedia and interviewsfinancial reportsshareholder informationanalyst coverageeventsuranium and nuclear energycontactcontact ussubscribe





developing tomorrow’s clean energy today




































































































































corporate presentation

investor centre

webcasts and interviews

management team
investing in uraniumlaramide resources ltd. is focused on the exploration and development of premium uranium assets in australia and the united states. our mission is to produce uranium responsibly and contribute to the production of nuclear power, in order to meet the increasing global demand for carbon-free, clean electricity.
learn more
latest news16 january, 2025laramide releases further assay results from successful 2024 drill campaign at westmoreland project, queensland, australia
read more
09 december, 2024laramide’s 2024 drill program continues to return strong results at the westmoreland project in queensland, australia, including notable gold mineralisation
read more
06 december, 2024laramide resources closes option agreement on exploration opportunity in kazakhstan’s prolific chu-sarysu basin
read more
14 november, 2024laramide westmoreland drilling delivers further strong results
read more


see all

usa project portfolio
australian project portfolio  

crownpoint-churchrockownership:100%stage:nrc permitcommodity:uranium
learn more

la jara mesaownership:100%stage:late-stage developmentcommodity:uranium
learn more

la salownership:100%stage:bulk sample permitcommodity:uranium
learn more  

westmorelandownership:100%stage:pea complete, exploration to expand resource sizecommodity:uranium
learn more

murphyownership:100%stage:exploration on historic targetscommodity:uranium
learn morecrownpoint-churchrock, new mexico
large, late-stage in situ recovery (isr) uranium development asset with existing nrc licence.
learn morela jara mesa, new mexico
late-stage permitting for underground production in the grants mineral belt in new mexico.
learn morela sal, utah
underground conventional colorado plateau uranium asset located about 60 miles from energy fuels’ white mesa mill (one of only four permitted mills in the united states, and the only one operational).
learn morewestmoreland, queensland
one of the largest development uranium resources in australia. most recent pea supports a 13-year mine life with low cash costs.
learn moremurphy, northern territory
large uranium asset situated in the northern territory of australia, contiguous to and along strike of our westmoreland uranium project; secures control of the mineralised system along the westmoreland trend.
learn more




uraniumcleaner energy sourcenuclear power is the largest source of clean, zero-emission, baseload electricity – available 24/7 in all weather conditions.demand increasingnuclear power generation is growing again with construction underway for 60 reactors globally in 15 countries, hundreds more planned, and 440 reactors already in operation in 32 countries.uranium marketuranium prices are not gdp-correlated in the short or medium-term, but are tied to the adoption and growth of nuclear generation.
learn more
subscribe to receive press releases and updates* indicates required
first name 

last name 

email address  *


follow us:














































































































































































 laramide resources ltd.

contact:phone: 1-855-599-7363 (toll-free)phone: 416-599-7363email: info@laramide.com 130 king street west, suite 3680
p.o. box 99
toronto, ontario, canada m5x 1b1
industry affiliations:
homeaboutabout usmanagement teamcorporate governanceestma reportsarticles and by-lawsprojectsprojectsoverviewusa projectscrownpoint-churchrock uranium projectla jara mesa uranium projectla sal uranium projectaustralia projectswestmoreland uranium projectmurphy uranium projectkazakhstanchu-sarysu projectnews202520242023202220212020201920182017investorsinvestor centrecorporate presentationnewsmedia and interviewsfinancial reportsshareholder informationanalyst coverageeventsuranium and nuclear energycontactcontact ussubscribe
©
2025                        laramide resources ltd. all rights reserved* indicates required
first name 


last name 


email address  *




×			we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
accept
                

close gdpr cookie settings




privacy overview


strictly necessary cookies


3rd party cookies


additional cookies

powered by  gdpr cookie compliance
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
strictly necessary cookiesstrictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.

enable or disable cookies


if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd party cookiesthis website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
additional cookiesthis website uses the following additional cookies:(list the cookies that you are using on the website here.)

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
enable all
save settings

