pitch axis theory: formulas







































 















 












 







           














 




can you play 168 scales with one finger-pattern? 
(hint: 14 scales in 12 keys)       if not, then you’re not getting the most out of 
what you already know!
read on for "the" 

most significant breakthrough in guitar playing
since movable scale patterns,
and the pitch axis theory is only a part of it . . .  
the revolutionary guitar revelations™ 
 modal modulator™ 
also recognized as the g-rev modulators™, 
is a series of 7 
parallel 
scale formulae, 
expressed in three different ways: frets, intervals and steps. these formulae 
are used to transform any pentatonic/major scale finger-pattern instantly into the complete
set of 14 scales or modes of the major scale*. the g-rev modulators™  formulate in such a way, that all the tonics, roots or bass notes remain the same 
with each new scale. empowering  guitarists' with instantly 
increased scale vocabulary, while providing additional style options within 
any 
musical scenario via the pitch axis theory. 
joe satriani quote from a g3 interview:
as a prolific user of this technique, joe satriani said when asked about the 
pitch axis theory “. . . pitch axis is key signatures evolving around one tonal center. in case that's too technical it can be expressed as 
different scales played off one bass
note." 
that is exactly what guitar revelations™ does, but what makes 
guitar revelations™
unique, is that the included modal modulator™ 
will transform a simple pentatonic finger-pattern into each of these 14 modes (or 
scales) and center them around one bass note,
and
that's pitch axis x14, but more significantly, it 
will do this automatically. no prior knowledge of scales, 
intervals, note names or music theory
is necessary!!!  and if that's not enough, by 
applying the  g-rev modulators™ 
along 
with standard key changes, you'll be 
able to play 168 scales!!!  
that's 14 scales in each of the 12 keys,  
and   
if you prefer,
all with
just one finger-pattern. 
instantly accessible to all, regardless of education level. and there’s more... 
for easy reference, the 5 standard pentatonic/major scale finger-patterns are 
also included, and they're color coded! this brings the total number of scale configurations up to 
846!!!  (168 x 5) and 
even more scale configurations are possible when counting hybrid finger-patterns 
or finger-pattern combinations. and there’s still more... 
all the associated chord progressions are included, each 
to enhance the style of every scale. and these chord progressions can be played 
using "power chords", too.


guitar revelations™ 

is
simple enough for the novice, but even an advanced player 
will instantly benefit with a fresh, instant way to play these scales, and with 
a new perspective. -a truly moving 
revelation for those with eyes to see and ears to hear.-

*
 
guitar revelations™ 

complete, 

all-inclusive 
						series. the 14 scale 
modal suite
  1h: ionian major scale (major scale)
  1p:
pentatonic ionian major scale (pentatonic major 
(country, southern-rock, etc.))
  2h: dorian minor scale
  2p:
pentatonic dorian minor scale
  3h: phrygian minor scale
  3p:
pentatonic phrygian minor scale 
  4h: lydian major scale
  4t:
root-less lydian-7 major scale
  5h: mixolydian major scale
  5p:
pentatonic mixolydian major scale
  6h: aeolian minor scale (natural, pure or relative minor scale)  
  6p:
pentatonic aeolian minor scale (pentatonic minor 
(blues, rock etc.))
  7h: locrian diminished scale  
  7t:
root-less locrian-4  diminished scale


guitar revelations™ 
						the   easiest and most complete 
						way 
						to play, 
 and use,  
						
						 
						  

						all

14 modal 
						derivations 


 

of the
major





scale. 

 

 

14 

                        scales multiplied by all 12 keys totals 168 scales, 

                        and even using just one finger pattern!

learn 

                        all 5 pentatonic/major scale finger-patterns and get 840 configurations 
						(5x168), 
						then add  in 
						combinations or hybrid finger-patterns, and you'll see
						
why
 
guitar revelations™ 
 

                        guitar method is 

                        unrivaled in guitar playing shortcuts, and 

issued as
						 

 

                        standard equipment for the creative guitarist.



instructions 
						(though unnecessary since it's so easy to use) 
						scales and  
 
						g-rev modal modulators


						™ 
						are all provided with quick start chord progressions.
						and in addition for easy reference, the five standard 
						pentatonic/major scale finger-patterns are also included, and 
						they're 
						color coded. 
						everything is conveniently held in a handy tri-fold

						wallet with clear windows and stitched black trim. truly a handy grasp of the entire guitar 
						fingerboard!
 

						                       
						          
						     

"anyone can 
						make the simple complicated. the secret is making the 
						complicated simple."
						- charles mingus   






. . . and the pitch axis theory 









						empowering all guitarist's with ability to freely substitute scales.


. . . and the pitch axis theory
   

      


    
          
                 



            
 
         
 
       
     
					
  
 
 
                                                          
					
            
					

free modal reference        



























 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 
					 





 
					 








 










bobbymichigan

        llcphone: (248) 895-2996email: bobbymichigan@guitarrevelations.com


copyright ©2003 - 2006 robert mich 

 

 




























