






mary k. thomas | an ocala success story


































entrepreneur
passions
resume
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 










mary k. thomas:
an ocala success story
 












meet mary
 
mary k thomas is an entrepreneur based in the heart of horse country – ocala, florida.
from horse obsessed child to thriving entrepreneur, mary is passionate about the equineindustry. mary founded her first business, equistaff so she could support other equinebusinesses and job seekers.
she’s since founded team equistaff, her thoroughbred racing stable that takes her passion for horses back to where it all began; the barn.
mary is dedicated to the preservation of the horse racing industry and improving the lives ofthoroughbred horses.







news & updates












us 10 dance champion

sep 27, 2024mary is the new us 10 dance champion silver level! she is currently dancing with instructor kirill netsvetaev as a student with ballroom dance academy it was a fantastic weekend dancing at the...
read more



we moved!

sep 27, 2024fasttrack staffing's wildwood, fl office has moved!! they are now in their new location in the leesburg square mall, 2221 n. citrus blvd. in leesburg. stop in and see our recruiters!
read more



welcome baby coop!

apr 8, 2024welcome baby coop to team equistaff!
read more


« older entries










work with mary

mary loves connecting with others through her businesses and passions. you can work with her through fasttrack or equistaff or join her in giving back to the ocala community.










fasttrack staffing, inc. is a national recruitment firm, with the goal of matching the right person with the right job, every time.
mary founded fasttrack staffing in 2010. it has since grown from 4 to 11 offices servicing florida, michigan, tennessee and georgia.
fasttrack staffing uniquely delivers big results with a small-town touch, making it the first choice for job seekers nation-wide.
mary chooses her team members for their entrepreneurial spirit and knack for matching people, experience and careers. this team spirit has been a major contributor to the dynamic success of fasttrack staffing.
learn more about fast track staffing >











founded in 1982, equistaff exclusively supports equine professionals by connecting job seekers and employers.
mary’s first-hand knowledge of the horse industry gives her a unique insight into the wants and needs of equine professionals. with her experience in recruiting, she envisioned the original concept of a staffing agency specific to equestrians – equistaff.
equistaff caters to all aspects of professional recruitment. from bespoke consulting and social media services, to brand awareness support, there are options for every equine business.
with a massive database of professionals seeking employment, and thousands of employers looking for their next hire, equistaff is an affordable and practical solution for equine professionals.
the award-winning equistaff team has brought the equine industry into the digital age, offering a unique and original service.
you can now visit our site equistaffpro which offers a more hands-on approach to recruiting for the equine industry. we specialize in recruiting for the equine industry and have extensive knowledge of the skills and experience required for the most demanding roles. we offer temporary, temp-to-hire, direct hire and executive search for equestrians and others in horse-related industries.
learn more about equistaff >







get to know mary
naturally driven and energetic, mary thrives on her creative pursuits, finding creative ways to combine her love for horses, dance, and community service.







team equistaff




team equistaff is the realization of a lifelong dream to make a real impact in the equine industry.
bridging the gap between equine employers and job seekers, equistaff has earnt massive success throughout the global equine community.
team equistaff represents the chance to take the success of equistaff back to where it all started – the barn.
proudly racing, training and breeding high-quality thoroughbreds with elite bloodlines, team equistaff is a success story of hard work, dedication and belief in a lifelong dream.
learn more about team equistaff >














competitive ballroom dancing
when not at the office or barn, you’ll most likely find mary on the dancefloor. with a deep love of ballroom dancing, mary regularly competes nationwide in ballroom, smooth and latin styles.
mary is still an active competitor and will be competing at the orland dance classic on july 20th. 
learn more about the studio where mary dances, sway with me dance studio >





giving back
giving back to her community is an important part of mary’s life. she brings her unique flair to community service by partnering her two great passions; horses and dance.
in 2010 mary spearheaded the florida fun mini-match, an annual fundraising dancecompetition open to all skill levels. all proceeds from this event go to the marion therapeutic riding association, a pathinternational premiere accredited therapeutic horsemanship center for people with physical, mental or emotional disabilities.
this event is now run by esteemed dance coach ekaterina deverleva from ballroom dance academy , with mary providing direct support.
learn how you can get involved as a dancer, vendor or sponsor >
mary and team equistaff proudly support their local horse industry:member – thoroughbred owners and breeders associationmember – ocala metro chamber &amp; economic partnershipmember – the ocala horse alliancemember – thoroughbred aftercare alliancemember – florida thoroughbred breeders’ and owners’ associationsponsor – tampa bay downs racetrack – tampa cup day
 







resume







education
bachelors of science in human servicesst. leo university

accomplishments
marion county business person of the yearmarion county equine business of the year – equistafftop producing firm – fasttrack staffingtechnological innovation award – equistaff

leadership
member, marion county chamber of commerceformer vice president, florida staffing associationformer president, marion county staffing association










stay in contact

followfollow







name


email address


message




submit










email
jobs@equistaff.com






phone
352-266-0015





 







archives september 2024
april 2024
march 2024
april 2023
march 2023
november 2022
categories uncategorized

 

































