





































	town of ajax

















close alert banner












close old browser notification


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.












skip to content











    
        index
    














apply, register and payactivities and recreation programsanimal servicesapplications, licences and permitsbook your appointmentcommissioner of oathscongratulatory certificatefilm permitmarriage licences and civil marriage ceremoniesrecreation financial assistancerent a facilityparking permitparking ticketproperty taxutilitieshome and propertycommercial propertygarbage and recyclingheritage planning resourceshome fire safetyproperty look up toolproperty taxesrenovationstrees and yardsutilitieswinter responsetown of ajax plow mapget involvedaward nominationscommunity safetyenvironmental sustainabilityhomelessness & community supportsspeak before council or committeetextile diversion programtransportation optionsvolunteerplay and discoverabout ajaxactivities and recreation programsage-friendly ajaxajax downs and casinoarts and culturecamps and playgroundscyclingfestivals and eventsfitnesshistory, heritage and archivesinclusion serviceslibrarymapsparks and facilitiesskatingst. francis centreswimmingtourism directorywaterfrontbusiness and growthajax business directoryapplications, licences and permitsavailable land and buildingsbid opportunitiesbuilding and construction projectsbusiness eventsbusiness resourcesbusiness retention & expansioncovid-19 business supportconstruction mapdowntown ajaxdurham region business directoryengineering and transportation servicesenvironmental assessmentsmapsnaming rights opportunitiesopen dataplanning and building servicesplanning processview more...inside town hallabout ajaxaccess to informationaccessible ajaxanimal servicesbudget and financial servicesby-law servicescareerscommittees and boardscommittee of adjustmentcommon by-lawscouncil meetingscouncil recognitioncovid-19customer servicedepartmentsdiversity and inclusionfire and emergency serviceslive stream eventsmayor and councilview more...


























search




i want to...




trending
















2025 black history month eventsthroughout the month of february, the town of ajax celebrates black history month, recognizing the unique and important role of the black community in canada's past, reflecting on current realities, and recommitting to positive action for the future.


 prioritiesnews and public noticesnews and public noticesstay up to date with what's happening in the town of ajax!





photo gallery: homepage gallery will appear here on the public site.









events





loading calendar feed...

loading calendar feed...








news & public notices







loading news feed...














visit the town's new public engagement platform! 
check out imo today!
















a-z servicesajax public librarycareersmayor and council



















town hall






65 harwood ave. s.
                                        ajax, ontario
                                        l1s 2h9







monday to friday
                                        8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.












main 905-683-4550
auto attendant 905-619-2529
tty 1-866-460-4489







contactus@ajax.cafeedback







town facilities

ajax community centreaudley recreation centremclean community centre hartrick housest. andrew's community centrest. francis centrevillage arena












follow us













increase contrast
sitemap

















i want to...


stay informedaccess to informationengagement platformmobile appmedia releasespay or apply toget marriedlicense my petparking ticketregister for a programutility billlearn aboutabout ajaxcouncil meetingswho we arereportby-law infractiondead or injured animaldumpingpotholestreetlights





search
















search



trending



































