


loafer's glory park, dry run spirits distillery, woven vistas fiber art












































 
loafer's glory - agritourism business in the wv mountains with distillery








				home
			



				dry run spirits distillery
			



				ananias pitsenbarger farm
			



				plan a trip
			



				woven vistas fiber art
			











loafer's glory
agritourism destination in beautiful pendleton county, wv

​sharing nature's bounty with a dose of mountain magic





















"cheers to betty"




the historic ananias pitsenbarger farm - an 1840s homestead

 
hardly a day goes by that we don't raise a glass and toast jeff's mom, betty. she insisted that jeff's dad, bill, buy this land many years ago.  this gorgeous place is host to our farm, agritourism businesses, and is our touchstone - a place of relaxation for friends and family! we love to share it - stop by and see us!since jeff inherited the place, we've completed a lot of projects: getting the historic ananaias pitsenbarger homestead on the national register of historic places, starting dry run spirits distillery, using apples and maple sap from our farmbuilding entertainment spaces for bigger parties! and, all the while, we are trying to be "loafers" and get in some relaxation time! stop in and visit a while.
 


















dry run spirits' inspiration
once jeff learned about "stiller john" and the generations of distillers here, he just had to try his hand, too. he uses heritage apples from our trees for his brandy and apple pie liqueur. since starting out with a 5 gal copper still, he's upgraded to a bigger one, but still makes hand crafted, small batch moonshine. there was always a sugar shack here, where they made maple syrup. we tap our trees also, but our tree sap is made into maple moonshine and maple nectar! it's unique and you've got to come try it! 
 




the pitsenbarger homestead is in the background. in front are the log cabin that bill and betty built, the distillery with pavilion, and our communal fire pit. stop in and visit, have a moonshine tasting, hike the trails, explore the old homestead

 


















3576 dry run rdfranklin wv, 26807
 



 
304.358.7034​munnjt@loafersglorywv.com
 












site powered by weebly. managed by hostgator






				home
			



				dry run spirits distillery
			



				ananias pitsenbarger farm
			



				plan a trip
			



				woven vistas fiber art
			











		copyright 2024 jeff and teresa munn, dry run spirits distillery, and loafer's glory * franklin wv






