











plant-care.com - landscape ideas, design, house plant and lawn care




















about
care guides
landscaping
lawn
houseplants
home
 










 

need help with your houseplants, landscaping or lawn care? here’s the solution.
sign up for my free, daily newsletter to receive:

tips on plant care indoors and out
landscaping ideas and solutions
lawn maintenance tips
seasonal recommendations & checklist















we will never share your email address period.









house plants going back in time

the variety of house plants you can grow indoors is amazing. however, this article was written over 50 years ago and shows the true variety of houseplants people use to grow indoors and was available to them. the question is… do we have that same variety available today? you’ll notice that these indoor plants are […]

read the full article →


what does cold damage on tropical plants look like?


when the first little bit of cool weather hits it’s a nice change from the summer heat. the problem is we forget! we forget to bring in our tropical plants what enjoyed the summer outside. the cold front got things a little more “chilled” then we expected. now that a few days have gone by […]

read the full article →




7 ways to use baking soda in the garden

baking soda is a vital part of green cleaning and has so many uses in the house, but what about the garden. here are 7 ways to use it in the garden. 1. make a non-toxic fungicide mix 4 teaspoons of baking soda and 1 gallon of water. use on roses for black spot fungus […]

read the full article →


garden landscaping – a great way to update a backyard

garden landscaping is a great way to update a backyard. giving your backyard a makeover will certainly improve your homes appearance and add value at the same time. planting new flowers and updating your landscape will add beauty to your home and make a better place for you and your family to spend time in. […]

read the full article →




spring maintenance for your bermuda grass

in this video from sod solutions you’ll learn the simple maintenance steps to prevent weeds, insects and lawn disease to set your bermudagrass lawn up for success this spring.

read the full article →


climbing plants – for privacy and beauty

amateur gardeners have neglected some of the best climbers that are grown quickly in almost any climate. one that is seldom seen, in spite of the fact that it was introduced into our country from japan 100 years ago, is the climbing hydrangea. it bears splendid tresses of white flowers in july and august, and […]

read the full article →




tell me the secret of forcing hyacinth flowers

question: tell me the secret of bringing hyacinth flowers up high when forcing them indoors. for several years i have started bulbs in october; they root well, leaves come up an inch or two, but the blossom just peeks out of the bulb, a little of it opening. can you give me suggestions? answer: poorly […]

read the full article →


tiny gardens surge with color from spring to fall

tulips start the long color season for the small garden that might be placed beside a building, along the back fence or used as a link between your terrace and lawn. periwinkle and candytuft bloom with the tulips, while the irises, daylilies and other perennials are breaking through the soil in early spring. blue bearded […]

read the full article →




home greenhouse to endless outdoor bloom parade

inside the home greenhouse, locked within the spring-like atmosphere, is the potential for an endless parade of outdoor bloom. in range and magnitude the flower power inside can far surpass the display contained within a greenhouse at any given period. the gardener holds the key which will unlock this potential, provided they knows how to […]

read the full article →


the wonder of plant roots

the flower in the garden, the bean plant or the grass growing in the yard all respond amazingly when care and thought are given to the development and protection of their roots. because these underground parts of the plants are out of sight, they are often forgotten. the portions of the plants above ground have […]

read the full article →







search plant care









 plant-care.com is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com

 


top categories

gardening

general

greenhouse

house plants

hydroponics

knowledgebase

landscape

lawn

newletter

pest control

redirect

tools










copyright © 2012 
·
+gary antosh
·
plant-care.com 
·
privacy policy
·
site map 
·
contact











