



home :: independent schools of st. louis




















 











issl




schoolsaboutmembershipboard of trusteescontact uswhy independent?key features of our schoolsfinding the right fitaffordabilityadmissionsadmissions timelinestandard application onlinecalendarspecial eventsopen housesworkshopssummer campscareerscurrent job openingssubstitute teacherssponsorscorporate sponsorship program

search




members only
summer camps













 
academic excellence
maximizing individual student potential



 
world-class faculty
truly empowered and resourced teachers



 
diverse community
increased advantage to achieving success



 
uncommon opportunities
a transformative journey of discovery for all



 
freedom
curricula independent of government mandates








 

the issl podcast


ready for the school year?
advice from professionals on routines, health, communication with teachers, and more.


the admissions process
all about timing, school visits, applications, and testing.


finding the perfect fit
what to consider when looking at independent schools.


all episodes


 




latest news




our schools are hiring: teacher job fair on feb. 22





anxious nation: film screening at the college school feb. 22





to be ready for kindergarten, teachers and researchers say social-emotional skills are key





gen zers to their parents: when we are upset, just listen




all news



upcoming events



feb
22

2025 teacher job fair




full calendar






 

notice of nondiscrimination policy as to students
the following schools admit students of any race, color, national and ethnic origins to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at these schools. they do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of their educational policies, admission policies, scholarships and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs.

academy of st. louis
academy of the sacred heart
andrews academy-creve coeur
andrews academy-lake st. louis
central christian school
chaminade college preparatory school
chesterfield montessori school
christian brothers college high school
churchill center & school for learning disabilities
city academy
the college school
community school
cor jesu academy
crossroads college preparatory school
dayspring academy
eyc academy
forsyth school
the fulton school
incarnate word academy
john burroughs school
kirk day school
logos school
map st. louis
marian middle school
mary institute and saint louis country day school
miriam school and learning center
nerinx hall
new city school
principia school
rohan woods school
rosati-kain academy
rossman school
saint louis priory school
saul mirowitz jewish community school
south city community school
st. john vianney high school
st. joseph’s academy
the st. michael school of clayton
thomas jefferson school
ursuline academy
villa duchesne
visitation academy
the waldorf school of st. louis
westminster christian academy
the whitfield school
the wilson school

issl is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization comprised of independent private schools in missouri.


 






425 south lindbergh boulevard, saint louis, missouri 63131
© 2014-2025 independent schools of st. louis




































 





