










rising star farm | elite warmblood breeding stallions, young horse sales, and breeding services






















































 



























 ronda@risingstarfarm.net
 512-751-2390













rising star farm





homestallions

casquino chicardo con capilot coronado ww deja blue b diabolo d’esquelmes figaro b finnick tgs velusinus cartier r cielo b ciroc kinnaras

salesmaresnewsserviceslinkscontact 


go to...homestallions - casquino - chicardo - con capilot - coronado ww - deja blue b - diabolo d'esquelmes - figaro b - finnick tgs - velusinus - cartier r - cielo b - ciroc - kinnarassalesmaresnewsserviceslinkscontact 










 





 













































 

 

 





olympic pedigrees our warmblood stallions have european pedigrees with top jumping and dressage lines.
 


 





proven performance  exceptional bloodlines and performance are the benchmarks of our successful breeding program.
 


 





premium foals our top stallions are crossed with our top-quality broodmares  to produce exceptional foals.
 


 





breeding expertise rising star farm works withmare owners to ensure thebest possible crosses.
 


2020 stallion roster








































our warmblood stallioins have european pedigrees including show jumping sire of the year for multiple years and olympic competitor darco, olympic dressage silver medalist ferro, olympic show jumping champion jus de pomme, olympic jumper competitors chin chin and carthago, olympic competitor and sire of olympic competitors and weg competitors nabab de reve, olympic short list member abrikos.  nation's cup competitor judgement, as well as numerous other grand prix level european sires including cassini i, acorado, and major de la cour.  exceptional bloodlines and performance are the benchmarks of a successful breeding program. 
at rising star farm, every stallion has an olympic heritage and is a proven performer.

 







see more

introducing casquino, velusinus and finnick tgs we are excited to add these talented stallions to our roster. 
see more





 

news










rising star farm offspring making their mark in the show ring!
firefly r (valentino z/glennridge)fletcher & firefly r bred by rising starfarm, debuted at the national western stock show this...
read more ...









diabolo at the wef
diabolo d’esquelmes and jennifer ramsey have had some amazing clean rounds in the 6 yo jumper division at the...
read more ...





why rising star farm?diverse selection of stallionsall our warmblood stallions have breeding approval with numerous warmblood breeding registries, including belgian warmblood, german oldenburg verband, rpsi, international sport horse registry/ oldenburg north america, belgian sport horse, kwpn register a,  zangersheide, and canadian warmblood.  dedicated to our clientswhether you are looking for the perfect warmblood stallion to cross with your broodmare or for the warmblood foal that is bred for future jumper, hunter, or dressage success, rising star farm is here to help you succeed. our stallions are available 7 days a week so we can ship fresh or frozen semen when you need it. we back our breeding contract with a live foal guarantee. our stallions are eva negative and vaccinated. we also test for wffs and post the results on the individual stallion pages.breeding incentivesin addition to periodic special incentives on select stallions, we also offer early booking, performance, premium and multiple mare discounts! contact us for qualifications. 
partners & sponsors
















 




 recent posts 

rising star farm offspring making their mark in the show ring!


diabolo at the wef


rising star farm in hunter jumpers usa


 

contact 219 brice rd
silver creek, ga 30173
ronda@risingstarfarm.net
512-751-2390

 

like us on facebook 
 

subscribe


 







                        	copyright © 2020 rising star farm - all rights reserved. site design by www.equiluxemarketing.com                        

























