


species orchids from burleigh park orchid nursery







































	
join our mailing list.species orchids & red cedar furniture.

	
click here!




	
search this site for:	


help on searching




this site is best viewed with a screen resolution of 800 x 600 at high colour settings	




flask list
acacallis-ancistrochilus
angraecum-aspasia
barkeria-broughtonia
bulbophyllum
capanemia-catasetum
cattleya
cattleyopsis-cycnoch,
cymbidium-cyrtorchis
dendrobium-dossinia
encyclia-eulophiella
galeandra-jumellea
laelia-lycaste
macodes-nephalaphyll,
odontogloss,-oncidium
paphiopedilum-psychilis
rangaeris-stenocoryne
tainia-zygopetalum
nervilia plant & flask list
spathoglottis




plant list
acampe-bulbophyllum
cattleya-dossinia
encyclia-promeaea
renanthera-vanda
nervilia plant & flask list
spathoglottis













'welcome to  burleigh park
orchids'welcome to speciesorchids.com. if you are into species orchids you have come to the right address.	
please take the time to browse our lists of competitively priced  flasks
 and plants
which are available  for speedy  delivery.	
  go to interest page for all photo page linksother
activities on our web page fine red cedar furniture click here traditional hand made furniture.visit our local wildlife page  
local
friends  you can also find us on  face book 
notes and updatesmundingburra 
grade 2,1953 to grade 6, 1957.school photos and students names plus  pimlico
state high school grade11/12  1962/63mailing list   we email subscribers
lists on request.  species orchids & red cedar furniture. by typing our address in your email editor or copy and paste
   ianbpon(at)speciesorchids.com and inserting @ for (at) to avoid spam
flasks   or   plants	
we have an extensive list (over 650 species in 130 plus genera) of the unique species orchids from all parts of the orchid rich regions of the world.
lists sent email or post on request.	
	
our list contains species from australia, png, asia, south and central america, africa, madagascar, india, etc. 	

	
all our stock is nursery raised by us and includes many rare and endangered 
species.
must see information click here permits. phytos.
articles and photos  also on the site you may find interesting
articles dealing with the many varied topics which an orchid fanatic (and aren't we all) may find interesting.
	
these articles as well as the accompanying  photo
album  will be updated regularly so come back often and watch our site grow.
a selection of photos

 all photos are provided on the basis of them being available for private use only
click  photo album to go there now.
photos pages are updated, come back soon to find many new species added.


   more updated  photos

spathoglottis photos 






 	
top | 	
main | 	
about | 	
flask | 	
plant | 	
order | 	
interest | 	
supplies | 	
email | 	
links




last updated 	
wednesday, august 22, 2001	




designed and maintained by 	
orchids online web design	
 © all rights reserved.	







