



























































    
    peaks coaching group
  
  





 













               


 
 meet our coaches  
 
shop pcg 
 learn about power  
 join our newsletter   power training articles 

     coaching


   cycling<< start here



  gravel



  mountain bike



  triathlon



  nutrition for performance & weight loss



  longevity and vitality coaching



  zwift



  cyclocross-coaching



  running



  amputee cycling coaching



  our coaches



  pcg coach vs local coach



  request info



  athlete quick start





  consulting


   hourly consulting





  camps


   2025 sold out!!!  florida winter base miles cycling camp



  2025 sold out! morocco gravel adventure: gravel goodness!!!



  2025 spring epic appalachian gravel bike camp



  2025 spring blue ridge power road camp



  2025 masters (60+)  blue ridge fall power road camp



  2026 chile winter training vacation camp



  2026 morocco gravel adventure: gravel goodness!!!





  training plans


   view training plans



  the next level by hunter allen





  more


   power training articles/blog



  history of pcg-our story



  athlete accomplishments



  nutrition



  sponsors & partners



  videos by hunter



  3rd edition training and racing w/ power meter



  saris smart trainer and indoor training



  policies and liability waiver



  contact us



  join













    
 





      


    we help you reach your dreams.

﻿let's go after them together!  


why peaks coaching group? 
 






   

  


      a black and white arrow pointing up on a white background.
 




  we are the solution.

we solve problems.  we make things happen. you didn't know you had a problem?  you want to be faster. 
you want a higher ftp.  you want to finish strong at the end of your race or event.  you have limited time to train.  you are balancing life, work, family and your passion.
let us handle the hard stuff.  how to plan your training.  which workouts to do.  the exact intensity based on your individual power zones and your unique response to training.
online meetings on your time.  clarity of your training.  a plan to peak exactly when you want to.  reliability -your training delivered on time when you need it. 
confidence in your coach.  no fluff.  more fun during training.  stronger in your events.




     a line drawing of a cell phone , credit card , and wallet.
















  work with the best coaches

we work for you to help you achieve your endurance dreams.  in the age where everyone is a "coach", it's easy to be swayed by "so-called experts".
we
are 
the experts.  our founder,
hunter allen literally wrote the book on
"training and racing with a power meter".   he has taught over 5000 coaches around the world how to be a coach. how to analyze power data.  most importantly,
he leads all of our coaches here and works with them daily. 
hunter has sought out the coaches here at pcg.  the coaches here aren't just your "local-fast-bike-racer-coach". they are professional coaches.  they were great when they first started here.  now, they are the best in the business.
.....and here at pcg--we'll match you with the perfect coach for you.it's our guarantee!



     a black and white drawing of a stopwatch on a white background.
 
















  maximize your valuable time

your time is valuable.  our time is valuable. 
we ensure that you maximize every minute that you have available to train.  if that means an easy day, then that's your most valuable use of your time. if that means a vo2 max workout, then that's what you'll do. 
we give you time back to spend with your family, on work, on other passions.hunter allen did not just found peaks coaching group, but he was a co-founder of trainingpeaks software as well, and led the wko software development team for over 12 years.   so, of course we use the latest in training with power software and metrics.  heck, we invented them!does your
atl need to be higher than your
ctl ? what should your ramp rate be? how much
tss do you need per week/month to slam your goals? and what is
tsb ? not to mention
dfrc ?






    one day? or day 1? 
  maximize your training time, reach your highest ftp ever, more time for other fun life activities.
   

let's go!   sign me up!

  

i have information to tell you first!

  

i have questions. email us.





    your plan for success!




   step 1 
select coach pick your coach right now or we are happy to interview you and help you identify and select the best coach for you.
  step 2 
test your coach will walk you through our simple initial testing protocols so we can better understand your unique physiological needs.
 step 3 
build utilizing your test results and training history, your coach will build a custom training program focused on achieving your goals. 
 step 4 
achieve throughout your training, your coach will review training files with you, tweak your plan, and launch you towards success.


   choose from many options



   
training plans starting at $39.95 per month  
no matter if you're racing on the local roads or hammering a premier gravel grinder, hunter allen's pre-built trainingpeaks plans are the result of over 20 years of coaching with data--and countless gallons of sweat!   

choose plan


 
custom coaching from $189.00 per month  
whether you are looking to create a new pr in a gran fondo, push it in a gravel event, hammer a century ride, shred the local crit, lose weight or go for the long flyer in road nationals--our coaches will help you crush your big event.our pioneering coaches literally wrote the book on the principles of training and racing with power, and our methods are the product of thousands of hours of sweat and dedication.employing our world-class, proprietary on-boarding process--we make sure your goals--are our goals.   

explore levels


 
consulting starting at $75.00 per hour 
athletes need different kinds of support. if one-on-one coaching is not for you, perhaps an hour or two with one of our expert coaches is what you need.    

buy now




   hunter will guide you through the coach selection process    we pride ourselves in taking a
personal
approach to coaching and the athlete-coach relationship. our goal is to provide expert-level coaching and consulting to athletes of all abilities and levels. we'd love to
talk
with you about coaching and the impact it can make towards increasing your fitness, strength and power. we can offer you advice and suggestions on training and guide you to the best solution to
achieve
your best season ever!let's talk!  talkin' is free!    

talk to us!








   the book that revolutionized training 
with the 2006 release of hunter allen and andrew coggan's training and racing with a power meter, cycling was forever changed.  now in the third edition, the book continues to push training with power in new directions and smash industry standards.



   


 hunterallen  founder and ceo
 
legendary cycling coach, co-author of training and racing with a power meter 
and cutting-edge cycling, co-developer of trainingpeaks, wko+ software, and founder of peaks coaching group.widely known as one of the top experts in the world in coaching endurance athletes using power meters, hunter allen's goal has always been to teach athletes how to maximize their training and racing potential through professional analysis of their power data. this goes hand in hand with his philosophy that a power meter helps athletes discover their true strengths and weaknesses, quantitatively assess their training improvements, and refine and maximize the focus of their training. as a coach, hunter makes sure to look at each athlete as a whole person. he excels at designing custom programs designed to maximize each rider's potential. he believes we are human beings working closely with other human beings, and it's important to him to work hard to find your strengths and weaknesses and to help you improve your skills, then develop a realistic plan that works for life. it is important that a coach learn as much as he can about you as an athlete and as a person in order to better develop a plan for success. he has now coached over 400 athletes and still learns something new from each one.


   
train with great products at discount from our sponsors!     

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button






  

    

button




  

    

button








   
interested in our coaching services? we’re here to help! we want to know your needs exactly so that we can provide the perfect solution. let us know what you want and we’ll do our best to help.    

book an appointment









      



   




   
site maphomecoachingcampsnutritionpower infohunter allenour storycontact uscoaching policies
 
affiliate locationspcg brazilpcg japanpcg germanypcg china
 
contact headquarterspeaks coaching group414 jackson streetbedford, va 24523p. 540.587.9025f. 540.586.5715e. info@peakscoachinggroup.com
 
    

 

 

 








   
copyright ©  1999-2020 the peaks coaching group, inc. all rights reserved.























































































  
  share by:









 



  
  





