







koret shelter medicine program











































































skip to content



koret shelter medicine program
leading in shelter medicine since 2001




menu


koret shelter medicine program / school of veterinary medicine
















 










search


search the resource library







services & programs

shelter support
outreach
facility design
student training
maddie’s million pet challenge
california for all animals


about

why shelter medicine?
funding
our personnel
news


resources & training

shelter health resources
shelter operations/capacity for care resources
facility design resources
cat housing for animal shelters
diy housing accessories for animal shelters
shelter capacity calculators
ksmp team research & publications


join our communities
 



vet med links

vet med home
giving
news
alumni
admissions
faculty
veterinary medical complex
hobbs vet med center southern california
disaster response
vet med extension
canvas
campus directory
viper
vmacs
jobs at vet med


 




twitter
facebook
 





		                	leading in shelter medicine since 2001		            	
why shelter medicine










advancing care in shelters and communities 
as the first shelter medicine program in the world, we’ve united with animal shelter veterinarians and staff, government leaders, organizations, and universities to improve animal and human well-being and share the expertise of the uc davis school of veterinary medicine with communities across the country. this has led to protocol and policy change, transforming the landscape for animal well-being and opening the doors to new live outcome possibilities for animals and shelters.for over twenty years, we’ve been committed to confronting crisis with collaboration. together, we can meet this moment and expand access to care in shelters and communities.
 




support for shelter vets & teams
we'll partner with you to assess organizational and medical challenges and spotlight solutions. learn more about outreach, training, resources, and grants.




get support

 



join our communities
peer-peer support, expert coaching, and resource-sharing are waiting to take your shelter from "wish list" to "up and running"– and we've saved a seat for you. veterinary student interested in animal sheltering? there's a community just for you, too!




join now

 



design for animal health
whether you’re modernizing your facility to meet changing community needs and increase environmental sustainability or leveling up housing and health with portals, our design experts can help.






improve your shelter

 


resources - popular topics







shelter health









shelter operations / capacity for care (c4c)











facility design









diy housing accessories




 

solving for tomorrow


while the ability to access vet care is growing more difficult for all, in animal shelters across the country the inability to provide medical attention to the animals who need it has already reached crisis levels. at the uc davis school of veterinary medicine, the koret shelter medicine student training rotation is empowering students to be one part of the solution.

in one of the most popular rotations offered, fourth-year veterinary students receive hands-on experience with high-quality, high-volume spay and neuter (hqhvsn) while helping expand access to care in northern california communities and reducing the number of unaltered, free-roaming cats. this rotation not only gives students an opportunity to work directly with animals in service of shelters and communities, but also illuminates the animal welfare ecosystem and invites students to imagine how we might close gaps to ensure appropriate care for all.


 









donate today









subscribe








resource library
maintained jointly by the koret shelter medicine program at uc davis and the university of wisconsin-madison shelter medicine program, our resource library has hundreds of documents. browse the library or choose a link below to find answers to your shelter medicine questions.


new: recommendations for monitoring and response to possible infections with avian influenza a (h5n1) in cats for shelters, rescues, clinics
new: shelter cat cage housing assessment tool



guidebooks
our downloadable, printable guidebooks represent our most up-to-date, comprehensive resources to help your shelter and community meet the needs of people and pets.


canine parvovirus
feline panleukopenia
guide to raising unweaned & underage kittens
ringworm

calculators

fast track/slow track length of stay calculator
housing number calculator
length of stay predictor
basic animal care time requirement calculator



staff training
loaded with the industry’s best resources, tools, and learning modules designed to level up your skillset and hosted by coaches specializing in a wide range of topics, maddie’s® million pet challenge learniverse offers the growth and development experience that you want when you want it. ce credit available for many courses.visit the maddie's million pet challenge learniverse -- where goals meet action.
certification program for frontline staff
are you a frontline staff member who wants to deepen your impact and find a pathway to a more fulfilling and sustainable career in the animal care field? are you a shelter leader looking for a training program to advance your team’s skills? learn more about the ksmp shelter learniverse shelter care specialist certification program.


popular courses & events

is “cage-free” the way to be? rethinking shelter housing for happier, healthier cats
level up your cat housing
curbing disease as intake rises: prevent, fight and win today



 
















emergency
contact vet med
vet med news & events
view our vet med publications
vet med extension
shop uc davis vet med
website issues
privacy policy






support the koret shelter medicine program


twitter
facebook
 








viperfacultyalumnifuture veterinary medical centercampus directory






 








privacy & accessibility
principles of community
university of california

copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


 



↑


