




  






home - hba of portage & summit counties, oh



















 














































join today









member login









email us









(330) 869-6800


















find a business







calendar







latest from ohba












































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






















































































 toggle navigation   






home






about us

board of trustees
staff
contact us







events






hba rotating calendar


featured events








grow the industry






from the senator


latest from ohba


hba charitable foundation


builder's pac of greater akron


hba endowment








grow your business






benefits and resources

sedgwick workers comp
additional resources
member login



building & zoning resources

portage building & zoning
summit building & zoning



government resources

portage county elected officials
summit county elected officials
state representatives
federal representatives







find a member






find a business


find a builder/remodeler


find a service provider


find a supplier


filing a consumer complaint














































































 
 




















































builders, remodelers, architects, and designers (braad) awards

the b.r.a.ds are back!



**new venue alert!!**
 
this year we will celebrate the 81st annual hba excellence in building at the newly renovated house three thirty.  we will start with registration, cocktail hour, and heavy appetizers.  once we get to catch up with all our builders, suppliers, and associate friends we will announce the winners of each of the b.r.a.d. categories.  there will be another historical presentation, and plenty of networking all evening long.  we look forward to seeing you all there to celebrate together!
 

event ticket - $100 with $5 going to hba charitable foundation. 

your ticket includes food & drinks, a renovated akron iconic space, and an entertaining night celebrating our innovate and inspiring members! 




house three thirty - cabaret room
thursday, march 6th
5:30-9:00 p.m.
 
click here for tickets
 








































































 
 
















home builders association of portage & summit counties is an active membership organization who serves as the voice of the local building industry. comprised of building experts that create and strengthen communities, hba promotes and enhances local professionals who believe home ownership is the american dream attainable by everyone.
 




















































































































































 
 






hba upcoming events












2025 braad awards event
	 
march 6th, 2025


ohba spring meeting
	 
march 11th, 2025


annual hba golf outing
	 
september 25th, 2025


 

































click here to take advantage of savings from nahb





























hba of portage & summit counties

 799 white pond drive, akron, oh 44320

 330. 869.6800

 memberservices@akronhba.com

















































thank you to our annual sponsors!
 
                                









© copyright 2025 hba of portage & summit counties. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by growthzone software.














 


