


team clapotis



















    
	team clapotis
	
  
a group of folks dedicated to the completion of a clapotis as a part of the 2006 knitting olympics, a project over 2500 knitters strong started by stephanie pearl-mcphee over at yarn harlot.





thursday, march 16, 2006



	 
	 better late than never
	 
    


at long last, my clapotis is blocked. it was my first blocking experience and now i want to block everything. i'm glad the clapotis expedition is over, i have to say, and i hope the person i give it to really enjoys it. here's the pre-blocking pic:



posted by jessie at 10:29 am
6 comments






monday, march 06, 2006



	 
	 the giant and the newest
	 
    


hi all!i finished my giant clapotis with the 3 hanks of cth dk silk/merino in cabin fever, and started on the other one.  these were my kwan and hughes for the knitting olympics, and i am determined to finish them both.  yes, i will agree with you all, the pattern is addicting and the fact that i am working on my 4th shawl is proof enough.  :)there are pictures at the bottom of the page on my clapotis photo section.  the newest clapotis is being made with james brett's pink marble which is distributed by kertzer.  this self striping yarn has a trace of a halo and even though it is acrylic, the dropped stitches seem to stick like mohair does.feel free to post your comments here or on my site!very excited to finally wear a clapotis i've knitted,kimberly=:8http://www.somebunnyslove.com



posted by somebunnyslovedotcom at 12:59 am
3 comments






sunday, march 05, 2006




i didn't block my clapotis. and the purl side might be the right side, who really knows. anyway, here it is. more photos in my blog. oh, and i loved the yarn but one of the three skeins was significantly lighter than the other two. i used it in the middle and it doesn't show too badly.a belated 'thank you' to jackie for hosting team clapotis!



posted by taterbabies at 10:54 pm
2 comments






wednesday, march 01, 2006



	 
	 the scarf version is finished
	 
    


actually, i did finish sunday, but i had to block it overnight. the scarf version is much shorter than i would like, so if i do another one, i'll knit the full size. i think it needs more blocking too.



posted by anonymous at 8:08 pm
0 comments









	 
	 gold medals are available!
	 
    


  check out the yarn harlot's post about presentation of gold medals, which includes information on obtaining a certificate of participation as well as entering drawings for prizes. her writing about this is fabulous as always. and did you guys see that sweater she made??? that thing is impressive! thanks to stepahie for coming up with the idea for the knitting olympics, and thanks to all of you for joining team clapotis. the support and camaraderie are greatly appreciated! this has been tremendous fun, and i have lots and lots of ideas for my next clapotis. and for those not yet finished, please keep posting pictures and updates--i for one and very interested in how your clapotis come out!



posted by jackie at 4:36 pm
0 comments






tuesday, february 28, 2006



	 
	 finished!
	 
    


i can't believe it, but i finished while watching the closing ceremonies sunday evening! the details are posted on my blog, but it was such a wonderful experience. i'm still on a high from finishing.



posted by unknown at 9:33 pm
0 comments









	 
	 gold, gold, gold!!!
	 
    


so i emailed the yarn harlot and asked her if i qualified for gold since i cast on during the televising of the opening ceremonies and finishing during the televising of the closing ceremonies, and she said yes!!! i am ridiculously pleased by this. thanks to chris for the idea and to susan for the support of it--y'all are why i investigated. :)



posted by jackie at 9:06 pm
3 comments






monday, february 27, 2006



	 
	 i did it!!!
	 
    


i won gold!!!pictures and details on my blog.thanks for everyone's support and encouragement here. they were great olympic games, weren't they?



posted by jerry & maxy at 7:30 pm
4 comments









	 
	 whew!
	 
    


    i knitted literally all weekend trying to make it, and still failed to get the gold. however, i did finish knitting while the closing ceremonies were being televised here, which i thought was a nice parallel to casting on when the opening ceremonies were televised. i may not have walked away with a gold medal, but i sure do feel olympian about this whole thing. this is the largest thing i have ever knitted, and also the second most complex (the most complex being the beaded bodice on crumpets). i started with 7 droppped stitches on saturday morning, finished the straight rows at 2:32am, and completed the knitting at around 9pm on sunday night. i knitted all night, except for a little involuntary nap at 5am. (i fell asleep in the middle of a purl row and slept for almost two hours with the needles in my hands!) i wasn't planning to block this, but i think now that i will--i love the ridges, and i think they will get more pronounced if i block. and since i can't stop taking pictures of it, i will probably post one more after blocking. i had more yarn left than i expected, probably 60-70 yards--if i had it to do over, i would knit a couple more straight sections and use up more of the yarn. and i have to say, this yarn is a joy just to handle and it knits very smoothly. this is the finest gauge (and quality!) yarn i have used for anyting bigger than a hat, and i love it. it's so even, and the fabric is beautifully drapey. unraveling the stitches was no picnic, but i think it was worth it!i am sure i will be cross-posting about this whole experience over on my blog if you're interested. and in the meatime, i have a little gallery of start-to-finish pics on flickr here.



posted by jackie at 12:16 pm
4 comments






sunday, february 26, 2006



	 
	 there's always beijing in 2008.
	 
    


well, i didn't make it, despite a really strong push in the last few days. this is a massive project, and to those who crossed the finish line, congrats. as for me, i'm really thrilled with the way my shawl is coming out. the striping is more subtle, but more beautiful than i expected. and i'm a little disappointed that i didn't make it onto the podium. but there's always beijing in 2008.



posted by jessie at 5:15 pm
5 comments









	 
	 my clapotis is done
	 
    


i will post pictures on tuesday as i will be away until then.thanks for all the support.katie



posted by katie at 4:16 pm
0 comments









	 
	 stumbled across
	 
    


so i finished the clap. but i'm not happy with it. the extra yarn i got for the "design feature" is the perfect color, but the gauge on the size 7s i was knitting with is too stiff. that means my shawl is all beautiful and drapey until you get to one end which is all stiff and pointy.i know there are no do-overs in the olympics. and i vowed to wear the mess at least once this week to make it officially done. then i may have to rip it, rip it. if i just would have listened to that scared little voice inside my head when i started those two extra pattern repeats way back in section 2. the shawl would have been plenty wide without them and i'm sure i would have had enough yarn for a proper finish. oh well. lessons learned, i guess.for a picture, go here.



posted by knitter next door at 2:08 pm
1 comments









	 
	 dnf
	 
    


time ran out and i still had eleven stitches on the needle. very sad. but i'll finish up today and have a lovely clapotis to show for all the time spent. photo to come later.thanks to everyone who posted and shared photos and comments. this was great fun!



posted by taterbabies at 2:04 pm
1 comments









	 
	 filled with disappointment
	 
    


in spite of knitting all day yesterday, pulling an all-nighter, and knitting until my fingertips are literally numb, i am not going to make it. it's 2pm est, the closing ceremonies are beginning in turin, and i am still decreasing. i am so close, but i don't think i am going to get to completion in the next hour. blah. i am still going to finish today, and i will post pictures at the bitter end. :(



posted by jackie at 2:00 pm
0 comments









	 
	 skating in under the wire!
	 
    


well i have finally finished.   work has been so crazy during this olympics that i was really worried i wouldn't make it but after i got through the first set of decreases it really sped up.   i'm very happy with how it turned out and with the colors.   i was planning to give it to my sister but now i'm going to have to struggle and figure out what to do.   here is a photo.   i've loved seeing everyone's progress and all the different clapotis (clapotee?) and the different yarns everyone has chosen.   i'm hoping songbird publishes a photo as she used the same colorway as me but in a silk blend.   i'd love to see how that looks different.   thanks to the organizers of this blog - it has made the olympic knitting even more fun.   wishing everyone happy clapotis wearing!!



posted by allison at 11:19 am
4 comments









	 
	 done, done, done!
	 
    


                                        13 hours left and i have officially crossed the finish line. i am so happy to have this done. i'm also glad i did it, even though it was a lot of heartache at the end. i enjoyed the process of watching this clapotis come to life. i'm even more happy to be able to give it to my mother-in-law. and i'm proud to be a gold medalist for team clapotis! thanks for all your support gals! i couldn't have done it without you cheering me on!



posted by knithole: a blog about my knitting at 12:29 am
2 comments










the knitting olympics

concept: "you must cast on a project during the opening ceremonies of the winter olympics (feb 10)- and finish before the olympic flame goes out (feb 26). that's 16 days." --the yarn harlot

if you want to join...

just send an email to me at jackiesuejones at yahoo dot com. all i need is your email address, and all you need is a blogger account. it's really quite simple. now email me already! :)--jackie
    
buttons





the pattern

http://knitty.com/issuefall04/ pattclapotis.html

links

kat with a k's knitting olympics links
knitting olympics advice from beadlizard
clapotis kal on yahoo groups

team members

allison
ann
anne
bec
cathy
cheryl
chris
donna
edna
emily
geri
heather
jackie
jess
jessie
jill
joan
jocelyn
katherine
katie
kc
kim
kimberly
kristy
laura
laura
lauren
maria
paige
phoe
sandra
sandy
sara
sharon
shelagh
shelly
sheri
songbird
susan
tuitu
wendy

previous posts

better late than never
the giant and the newest
i didn't block my clapotis. and the purl side migh...
the scarf version is finished
gold medals are available!
finished!
gold, gold, gold!!!
i did it!!!
whew!
there's always beijing in 2008.

archives

february 2006
march 2006








 



