







powered paragliding ontario
















































home
about

about me
my mission
testimonials


training


considerations

tc canada ppg requirements
ppg training is inexpensive
get ready to wait
ppg training in usa
damage to my equipment
ppg vs ppl
ppl to ulpp
flying other people tandem


training

courses, dates and pricing
course outline – foot launch
get insurance


faq

the everything faq
what to bring?
how do i become licensed?


other

forecast
local air map
check expiry dates
transport canada offices
aeronautical charts
fly ppg with ppl





equipment


considerations

read this first
why i recommend rs ultra
who should i ask?
why i recommend you do not buy  used gear online
equipment rentals


equipment

gear prices
pre-owned gear


accessories

rescue parachute
ppg helmet
ppg kiting harness
windsock, pole and ground stake
paraglider packing bag
exam study books
wind meter
toggle extensions
paramotor oil and syringe
speed bar


equipment repair

cost of repairs

rs ultra parts


propellers
parts for your 2 stroke motor?
paraglider lines

moster classic or silent pull start upgrade




other

paramotor registration
how to transport ppg


media

pics
video





news
contact
business opportunity
search




menu


menu

 






homeyou are here: homefreedom!explore the skies.
powered paragliding ontariocome fly with us!
powered paragliding ontarioppgontario@gmail.com
see the world!the view is great!
cross countrythere are no roads!
essential skillslearn to kite.
previousnext123456
powered paragliding ontario
if you ever wanted to fly on your own then this is the most affordable solution for most people. it allows you to own an aircraft that can be stored in your garage, basement or room closet. it does not require airport to fly from and best of all, you can haul it around in your car or truck. as opposed to traditional non-motorized paragliders you can launch from level ground under your own power, flying as you please. powered paraglider allows you to be as close to a bird as it is humanly possible.

equipment
the equipment that you needed is minimal with respect to aviation standards. the two main items being the paraglider, also called the wing or glider, and the backpack engine called paramotor. the rest of the equipment consists mainly of communication gear.

training
the training needed to start flying is also minimal. the industry recommendation is 9 days of personalized training to accomplish 30 solo flights with more being better. you can never be too prepared. there have been people that flown on the first day of the training, but this is not recommended as you have little to gain and a lot to lose.

safety
safety is of utmost importance. despite the relatively low risk involved with powered paragliding there still remains the possibility of serious injury if a pilot doesn’t properly prepare and exercise good judgment. preparation and proper training go a long way towards a pilot’s well being as well as enjoyment.

breathtaking
piloting one of these ultra lights gives a person excellent opportunities to capture breathtaking aerial views because you are not stuck behind the window of an airplane, you are out in the open experiencing the skies like a bird!

   


scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.oklearn more

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features. 
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. you can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience. 
if you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
privacy policy
accept settingshide notification onlycheck to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.click to enable/disable essential site cookies.















