



rainbowbody network















 heartmind yoga | index to articles | the 
ongwhehonwhe |  
conscious politics | the 
final empire | 
yoga sutras  | 
links page






the sign on the wall says, "if you are in a hurry, you are not here in sacred presence. open your heartmind wide nowhere"
click to skip the poem and article and scroll down to go to the inner pages of rainbowbody
welcome to the rainbow
body
the timeless indigenous abode of spirit 

"here"
we  abide within, 
all beings and things
  explore and respect truth with clarity
that will lift the veil and set us free 
  expressed naturally in profound simplicity
     -- 


being 
present
 co-arisen
we lift the burden and 
  bring in the harmony --  a healing love-wisdom 

this "here"   is a wholographic gateway-- a referent pointing
an entering upon 
  primordial presence and a 
    living land 
  an ongoing song -- a continuing dance 
miracles occur when "we" embody spirit
transpersonal --omnipresent -- all inclusive
when we embrace identity as integrity
fully and wholly in all our relations --
wholesome in and in all times.
this is the way of living life 

when 
our hearts are open
all things are inextricably bound together in ineffable love
family, kin, grandmothers, suns, and times boundless illimited co-creators 
ohana ho!

thus, we center in the empty essence seed of all creativity 
co-evolution our destiny great context of integrity
naturally boundlessly encompassing and cradling
both inside and outside simultaneously 
that inherent core -heart- center all-ways present 
superseding the bondage and illusion of linear time 
timeless and unalone
indigenous/endogenous
complete and unalone
naked 
  liquid omnipresent self abiding natural all inclusive aliveness -- 
known "as-it-is" -- great spirit -- the ever-newness
  experienced as a a natural uncontrived instantaneous unstained reality
  pure beingness without effort -- in love with a budding flower moving toward the sun
  joyfully and spontaneously arisen -- unborn without end
as a celebratory expression 
of infinite love -- our communion
a mediator between pure consciousness and pure beingness
in the expanse of endless sky of the unborn never-ending
spirit and nature dances
creator/creation 
our authentic father and mother -- inseparable. 
we welcome you here to celebrate mutually
implicate, intelligent, and joyous co-evolution with us as us!
together
for those limited  by mental and karmic obscurations, who have 
  become programmed, 
  struck or afflicted, deceived, distracted, and led astray into the web of chronic separation
  self-limitation, dismemberment and fragmented existence
  who, have forgotten and become accustomed
  in dysfunctional or neurotic patterns of incessant corruptive and alien thought.
we welcome you home

  you will find offerings revealing a gradual spiritual unfolding processes 
purification and gentle awakenings
  prescribed as the healing path of the rainbow way
experienced as 
a forgotten familiarity your own back home arrival
 a resonance, a wholesome vibratory healing and palpable liberation
  a dawning "sense" of wholeness and integrity and 
a deep re"membering"

in this sense these processes of re-collection and unbiased *re-membering* 
is to re-enter the great gathering of togetherness -- the great integrity of all 
our
relations -- the great binding together (mahavratam) which is identical with the process 
called yoga -- the activity of unrequited, spontaneous, and natural love which 
is synchronized in conscious harmony and integrity -- the continuous vital pulsation 
of a strong, open, and wide heart. as such this is our natural unpolluted and 
uncontracted state whose quality is the co-mingling of bliss and love in conscious 
mutuality. this is where spirit and consciousness has become united with nature 
and beingness -- mind and body -- heaven and earth -- crown and root -- where 
artificial boundaries, fear, and selfishness have become utterly abandoned. 
this natural, but uncommon, embodied "spirituality" in this sense is extremely simple, uncontrived, 
and not at all mystical nor abstract; rather it is simplicity itself, actively 
embracing and embodying spirit in this very life, in this very moment, "with" 
this very body, "through" this very body, and "in" this 
very body, within the inherent integrity of each cell and atom, in harmony with 
our very breath-- on this very planet, sun, and stars -- inter-dimensionally 
with all others -- complete and whole. here spirit permeates the body to its core as its core and from here then the spirit underlying all our relations is revealed as an eternal beginningless unlimited now 
-- in all our activities, deeds, words, and thoughts reflect it -- here -- in all 
our
relations -- as a wholographic locus/focal point of infinite love-consciousness. how else 
can this infinite love become embodied and manifest but through this very temple? how else can we 
participate in this living process intimately? how else can we become simultaneously 
complete, fulfilled, and expressive while experiencing ultimate and exquisite 
freedom? the one is embedded in the many. the many resides in the boundless one. the undifferentiated immeasurable space is inseparable from the myriad multi-dimensional differentiated reality. the true nature of phenomena throws light on the true nature of mind. realizing the true nature of mind, one is enabled to see the true nature of phenomena. underlying the phenomena is the true nature of mind... and so on. all phenomena such as the aggregates (skandha), constructed/conceptualized appearances, the ego the mind, or any thing objectified are interdependent and underscored by this same true nature. 
in this sense, the vehicle and temple of sovereign original 
spirit without any previous origin, emanates  through the inclusivity of this very body, the breath, speech, and mind inseparably -- through the spontaneous 
dancing prayer with love worshipping love. how else can spirit become embodied, 
but through this sacred bridge? this earthly body is the full spectrum rainbow bridge -- the conduit between 
two directions, which from an alienated perspective appear disparate, but for those who have traveled there, appear as a coherent unity. nothing is left out and nothing needs to be removed. here, heaven does not exist elsewhere than here and thus such people who recognize. beginningless presence here -- who have completed the great circle of integrity and remain with it continuously, we call the ongwhehonwhe, the rainbow warriors. their task is simply to help us all complete it -- in authentic integrity. those who live in the illusion of separateness, whose heart is broken and fragmented require healing and our patience. those lost in the illusion of separate "self", in the dualistic world of "ordinary" linear and limited consciousness, where ignorance, confusion, arrogance, fear and pride have ruled their hearts, where 
separation, alienation, competition, strife, and struggle dominates and love is denied, where 
the heart is stressed and constricted, they must abandon their ways and affirm the healing realm. they must desire by their own volition to enter the path of the true people, the ongwhehonwhe, the people who bring forth in their eyes, their tongues, and hearts and reflect the  
rainbow way, where boundless love and wisdom are everywhere present (omnipresent) and 
integrated -- where the long body is acknowledged even within the smallest atom. 
the rainbow 
people of integrity (the ongwhehonwhe) 
abide within this transpersonal non-dual holographic context. they respect, mirror, and acknowledge 
it at every juncture. they have learned how to dissolve the ego and abide within the living love and living joy, and act as its wisdom messengers 
and emissaries -- as bringers of the dawn, the love, the light, strength, spirit, and living vital presence to all others, who desire liberation from strife, grief, and confusion. 
living inside of this sacred indigenous context of living spirit, 
we come home in the sacred present, in sacred presence. we experience  a deep heart-felt sense 
that we are all linked as one inextricable web of life -- as an ecological dynamic spirit-filled unity that reflects 
the wholographic whole -- one continuous vibrating, pulsating, and co-evolving multi-dimensional integrity as 
the very natural act of pure and unalloyed creativity/creation itself. this is the subject matter of all great art, music,  poetry, dance,  song, and love; but words will fail in defining it because what we speak *about* is beyond definition and description. it can only be pointed to as a profound 
trans-rational reality of which man's words, as symbols, can only hint at thus avoiding the potential to limit and demean. the truth is, that words are not necessary to communicate this "reality"; rather it is more helpful to forego them. man is designed to 
know this intimately and completely in all our relations through direct experience, subjectively. 
this eternal spirit thus is to be experienced in our veins and in our heart, in this very body. from here sings forth a living love. on the other hand, this body-mind can house confusion and ignorance -- it can be a vehicle of fear, constriction, hatred, plunder, greed, war, and violence. are you ready?
 here in these pages we will address 
both vectors; that of corruption, and that of integration. 

 the "process" of the disenfranchisement and alienation of spirit from 
man and his view of self and cosmos, on one hand, and on the other hand,


the process of re-unification, harmonization, 
and re-integration as spiritual embodiment. 


here we will partition these two interdependent 
processes (fear and non-dual love) in four perspectives:

this is the direction of the pulsating, strong, and opening 
heart. the direction of love. here we commune, expand, and explore the ever changing potential opportunities 
of how the spirit of co-creative flow can recombine and manifest as a celebration 
of the unity of spirit and beingness (of an authentic spiritual life). here 
what is revealed is our innate, indigenous, natural, spontaneous, original, 
unconditioned, inherent, and integral "true identity" -- the manifestation 
of a loving relationship (devoid of the conditioned fragmentation/alienation 
and limitations of ordinary institutionalized subject/object dualistic thought 
patterns). it is the result of an "identification" that is not limited 
by the veils and bias of an ersatz separate "self". here we will 
explore ways in which this process can be encouraged, enhanced, and allowed 
to thrive. that is the way of mindfulness on awareness itself... attention upon boundless mindfulness free from subject/object duality.
 on the other hand we will explore the process on how the 
heart becomes shut down, contracted, corrupted, stressed, and restricted. this is the broad direction of fear and hatred. the 
articulation of the process of corruption/fragmentation and false identification 
of mankind's fall into the solidification of dysfunctional negative conditioning 
processes (man's arrogance or mistaken identification with separation and fragmentation) 
which estrange, alienate, and overly objectify "us" from "it" 
as the process of negative conditioning (institutionalized confusion, paranoia, 
and separation). all that will be delineated within a coherent and lucid context 
as the programmed absence of the sacred in everyday life. in this articulation 
we will identify the everyday behavior in terms of social, institutional, and 
environmental consequences which result from human beings who act out from this 
dualistic fragmented state of pain, confusion, fear, greed, guilt, angst, jealousy, 
pride, neuroses, conflict, and suffering -- the "needy" and uncomfortable 
state of "absence from" or "lack of" infinite, eternal, 
and perfect divine love -- a chronic dis-ease of absence of the sacred and thus 
the cyclic source of self perpetuating one's own illusion and limitation as 
a negative feedback loop will be revealed. that is the way of mindfulness of the samsaric state of mind.
 here we will reveal effective means of "self" exploration 
and processes in which we can regain this natural alignment and integrity more 
continuously in all our relations once again (within indigenous time and space) 
-- sacred paths of peace -- of coming home 
-- to affirm and gather together -- to yoga as re-unification -- to love -- 
to embrace an authentic and primal security and living wellness - well beingness 
and health by eliminating our fixations upon dualistic illusions based on the 
egoic misconception. this outlines the yoga, or internal processes of transformation. 

here we 
will describe external structures and practices, which either enhance life's joy, creative expression, love, health and growth on one hand, while on the other how external environments can demean life through negative programming if we are not aware. we will thus explore creative expression of spirit, and how our ignorance of such  cause suffering. such is predicated on the two way street of consciousness, behavior (action) and experience. here we will explore the outward structures that man creates and what are the possibilities of such to be in empowered by the innate collective vision potenized by an allied universe (when more two legged forms are aligned in continuous harmony 
with source). we will explore what that might look like and become in a brave future of vision, realizing and manifesting 
our common vision, deepest potential, collective co-creative dreams as a celebration 
of embodied spirit as all our relations. 
  

the rainbow 
bridge 
as a synergistic synchronization between the artificial gulf that disconnected mental thinking have created in wrongly dreaming into existence two seemingly separate and fractious 
worlds of heaven and earth, spirit and matter, crown and root (sahasrara and 
muladhara), right and left (pingala/ida), male/female (shiva/shakti), consciousness 
and beingness, mind and body, left brain/right brain and so forth. rather throughout the rainbowbody network their underlying synergistic free flowing unity will be revealed, will be made accessible, and thus we hope that all men inherit their true and natural birth right which is innate and inherent and which first appears as instinct, intuition, and inner wisdom, but which later is seen as our highest creative potential -- our core reality and truth -- as a living, pulsating, 
vibrating and dynamic profound natural transpersonal unity of macrocosm/microcosm -- completed by the 
rainbow bridge, ultimately  fulfilling. separation from or disharmony with this innate connection defines 
dis-ease, pathology, and pain which is found within programmed dualistic/fragmented paradigms and negative conditioning. through practice and experience we become that 
rainbow 
bridge.
the best of religions present only techniques and pathways on 
how to find our way back from diaspora, from spiritual alienation and estrangement, 
from paradise lost, the corruptive state -- from separation from "god" -- from confusion. that is the major focus in authentic spiritual inquiry, i.e., 
how to bring in clarity -- loving sacred presence into all 
our
relations 
wherever/whenever it appears absent, everywhere/all the time -- in continuity 
and integrity. as such it is thus the process of spiritual healing includes 
the elimination of corrupted and fragmented dualistic existence. this is the 
healing of the great rend which becomes the great binding (mahavrata) or reunion. 
such ideas are found in many traditions such as the hebrew cabalistic 
tradition, hindu, buddhist, taoist, tantra, sufi, creation spirituality, indigenous 
creation stories, ancient wisdom stories and myths, shamanism, yoga, alchemy 
(both eastern and western), hermetic and gnostic "secret" traditions, 
ancient egyptian and greek goddess traditions, eco-feminism, most pre-christian 
nature religions, native american traditions, traditional african spirituality, 
aboriginal, and all other indigenous spiritual traditions. however it is in 
only indigenous time that we can throw out all the techniques -- all the becoming 
and striving -- all the maps -- for here and now 
-- simultaneously forever -- in an instant of perfect love. here we have arrived home.
here by indigenous, one views one's 
home and spiritual "self" as an integral part of a beginningless and 
never-ending process -- of an timeless now 
-- as part of a sacred and intimate process of closing the circle. here we define "reality" and our self in terms of a living and present spirituality. here there exists genuine living 
integrity -- the process is complete and made whole in the living manifestation/celebration 
of "all 
our
relations". 
this merger of beingness and consciousness (nature and spirit) occurs through 
the rainbowbody. 
here "self" exists as 
real only in the sacred context of simultaneously belonging to both the earth 
and timeless space where neither exists independently of the other -- while 
the living earth itself is realized as being an integrated part of the living 
evolution of universe. 
in this non-exclusive here authentic spiritual respons"ability" spontaneously manifests. here there exists an intimate knowledge 
and expression of implicate order, wholeness, and completion. in other words, 
one accesses a genuine spirituality only as a living vital and authentic experiential 
presence (spirit) only here (in the timeless sacred indigenous 
moment)-- here and now, through our day to day -- moment to moment -- activities, 
thoughts, and words. here is where the teaching occurs 
at all times -- multidimensional and transpersonal. this is where we are touched 
and embraced by spirit as spiritual beings. in this sense the authentic true "self" or true nature is all inclusive rather than limited, fragmented, 
separate, or corrupt. thus eternal "self" is neither dependent nor 
exclusive of the earth and the body, but rather simultaneously co-emerges in 
all things. here separation of form and emptiness, 
relative and absolute, spirit/nature, consciousness/beingness is eliminated 
-- the chasm of objective/subjective, left brain/right brain, individual will 
and universal love co-arise in synchronicity -- integrity is lived when we complete 
the circle -- call it yoga or call it the truth of "all 
our
relations". 
through the pages 
of the  rainbowbody 
network we will learn how increase our awareness and recognition of this pre-existent 
eternal now -- how to increase our sense of balance, security, harmony, and 
well beingness -- to deepen our intimacy and unity with this as a continuous 
embrace. in the sacred now there exists no fear of extinction or death -- in reality there exists no separation 
at all, but rather when the mind is crippled and constrained in chronic confusion and distraction, then separation "appears" to be real -- falsity is taken as truth.
to be spiritual we have to be filled with spirit --"spirit full". we have to accept a living god/presence and embody living spirit, accepting sacredness as indigenous, not alien (elsewhere). we are human beings not aliens. we must explore what it means to be a human being, not adopt alien/alienating religions or belief systems. if you believe that you do not belong here, then you should go back to your home domain. you  disrespect the mother. 

  these indigenous or intrinsic principles (representing a universal 
truth) are found in (and are fundamental to) all authentic religions, even though 
most of their organized institutions might have become supplanted and corrupted by 
self gratuitous man-made (artificial) organizations. even in western traditions 
(which have become the most corrupted) such underlying teachings can be unearthed, 
albeit having become long ago mostly obscured and superseded -- the purpose 
is none other than to know god -- to be at one with her. today, because of widespread 
institutionalized corrupted thought processes and beliefs (commonly called sin) 
it is even more valuable that one scrutinizes all "religious systems", 
self appointed authoritative teaching, so called scripture, inspired technique, 
book, or "belief" to ascertain its value and where it is based, i.e., 
is it based on duality and estrangement (distance from spirit or god) or is 
it based on love affirming the union and where does it lead. does it affirm 
the way of love, beauty, wisdom, and the heart or does it validate estrangement, 
separateness, absence, corruption, and alienation? for this task, we need genuine 
insight, of which the experience of living love offers unconditionally. this 
wisdom permeates everywhere and at all times and places. it is universal and omnipresent, the very ground of being. its potential expression is within us all. its heart/core essence is the essence of all. 
the inner and the outer, the microcosm and macrocosm are, in 
reality, one -- a holgraphic context. union is a matter of alignment -- a matter of a being present 
-- a matter of direct experience. one may study books, anthropology, history, 
or religion and find that there exist many source texts throughout the globe 
to reveal a universal rainbow 
teaching, but the teaching itself is not found outside in books, buildings, 
or artifact. although there is clear evidence of the rainbow 
bridge tradition was alive in the west and middle east, as well as in asia, 
africa, and australia in more indigenous times despite extensive efforts to 
eradicate it, its renewal is intrinsic, endogenous, implicate, and holographic 
-- it is found while experiencing -- abiding within the sacred moment, whose 
quality is inexpressible joy, one is entirely happy and complete. herein there is no fear or pain.
an intimate knowledge of a living all pervading spirit is the 
timeless universal tradition that both precedes and supersedes man's written 
words and patriarchal systems. it is not "backward" to reclaim and 
utilize this mostly forgotten wisdom way, for within it the future also is contained. 
it is a song being sung continuously -- an awe inspiring dance by all the stars, 
the breeze, the sea, lava flows, mountains, trees, animals, and bees. 
the opposing conflict is  man's arrogance and pride, insisting as being separate and apart from; rather than a part of, his infatuation with 
technological "progress" that has gone to his head, while the resulting 
arrogance has created a dangerous imbalance. man's technology as well as his 
teachings and teachers then may be evaluated as to how well they bring us to 
intimate and authentic knowledge (gnosis) -- to sacred presence -- to becoming 
more present and "well" on one hand, or how, on the other hand, do 
they further distance, objectify, disenfranchise, and alienate us producing 
state of spiritual corruption, confusion, suffering, stress, disease, and despair. 
amassing weapons of destruction, prisons of repression, and myriad ways of neurotic 
over indulgent compensations do not signal a spiritual civilization, but rather 
a corruption from living spirit. 
many  traditions pointng to the universal will also be explored in the rainbowbody 
site, as well as sociopolitical, cultural/agricultural, economic, educational 
structures/systems, institutions, and health systems, which either embrace or deface this self-empowering cosmology of living presence. we will show that the tradition of the 
indigenous viewpoint of the native american and the medieval yoga literature 
share a fundamental perspective of a joyful embrace of a more subtle and intimate 
inner/outer harmonization and sacred technology which is acknowledged, embraced, 
and held intact. 
thus we will continue to expand, explore, and apply these basic 
themes of the unification repeatedly (its non-dual nature) of nature and spirit -- the living "reality" of the unity of differentiated and undifferentiated without exclusion -- the 
greater inclusive context which embraces, affirms, and validates both earth 
and sky -- of body, mind, speech, breath, spirit -- of the non-antagonistic 
but rather synergistic relationship of beingness and consciousness -- the synchrony 
and non-dual holographic unity of left brain/right brain, pingala/ida, lalana and rasana, heaven/earth, 
crown (sahasrara) chakra and earth (muladhara) chakra, ayin soph and shekinah, 
kether and malkuth, and the like, which in yoga terminology brings us all into 
that transpersonal place of "wholy" resonance -- merging with the 
intimate timeless core-center within (through the opening of the sushumna/avadhuti). 
heartmind yoga is a process 
that reconnects us. it is designed to bring us all back together as the act of profound love -- at the place of the great gathering of 
all tribes and clans. yoga (meaning the process of interconnecting and joining us together) 
is thus designed to bring us home, where in reality, 
we are all inextricably bound all together in a profound great all inclusive integrity 
which knows no bounds. thus it is a strong medicine -- a boon to those who are hurting, who have become conditioned 
and habituated to disparate ways of forgetfulness, fragmentation, separation, and estrangement. we welcome you. 
here 
in indigenous space -- reality 
the front/back, inner/outer, left/right, top/bottom -- all directions are united 
in free open flow -- all dimensions and no dimensions- residing in the reality in 
which linear time and space are encompassed and surpassed at altogether and 
at once -- with no separation, barriers -- without limitation, prejudice, bias, 
nor taint -- present as presence in all our activities and in all times -- as 
the continuous activity of integrity and gesture of the authentic people, the 
ongwhehonwhe, in all our relations as the rainbow 
people whose signs are many and diverse; but which include 
an attainable life-positive and earth positive reflection of spirit/creativity 
-- as natural creative/evolutionary manifestation.
this web community of http://www.rainbowbody.net, 
http://www.rainbowbody.org, http://www.rainbowbody.com, http://www.prayerdance.net, 
and http://www.prayerdance.org will present many avenues of exploration within 
this context as further sky-like, natural expansive self supporting gateways:


"the 
life of shabkar: an autobiography of a tibetan yogi " translated 
by matthieu ricard, and published by suny, 1994. from the medieval himalayan yoga tradition we are given context on what 
the rainbowbody means in the tibetan yoga tradition.

index page of articles on rainbowbody 

 heartmind - the way of 
natural yoga: many articles and references to 
yoga as a method and path of reestablishing the natural, creative, and evolutionary 
life supporting and healing synergistic synchronicity of the body, mind, breath, 
and spirit. yoga means to connect  together as a wholesome integrity. that wholistic context  is assumed 
that this is the way it is in the natural world, i.e., it already innately self exists -- all things are bound 
together, but rather the human being's mind (and hence his ways) have become programmed (conditioned) and corrupted. 
thus yoga is presented not as a an artificial contrivation, but rather as means for us to 
break up old dysfunctional patterns of mentation and activity, so that we may realize our own true self existing innate nature. by removing the barriers 
or veil of ignorance -- removing the programming and conditioning (obscuring confusing 
influences, false identifications., and negative imprints), then self illumination of the open  unobscured sky happens by itself, naturally. this way one explores the deepest path of opening up the heart fully as the only way to go.

the yoga sutras in translation: a translation of patanjali's yoga sutras with commentary.

ongwhehonwhe: the authentic 
  way of the real people -- many articles and   references how to embody spirit as love, presenting natural and spontaneous 
  altruism as the authentic response of indigenous people, and what indigenous 
  space and time looks and feels like. this explores the path of those whose 
  hearts are open.
  also don't miss bill kötke's excellent book, the "final 
    empire", integrative masterpiece of ecology, consciousness, agriculture/culture, 
    and politics. 


green/indigenous politics- 
the politics of consciousness and the consciousness of politics - many inspired 
and creative approaches to natural politics as love on one hand, and how that 
is juxtaposed to the more pervasive modern insidious diseases of the institutionalization 
of hatred, fear, prejudice, pride, alienation, paranoia, absence of love, 
lack of self worth, absence of the sacred, scarcity, avarice, institutionalized 
strife, competition, violence, war, genocide, murder, slavery, exploitation, 
abuse, oppression, and suffering which has usurped it. more there will be 
articles on how that basically alien (alienated and neurotic), abusive, corrupt, 
and fragmentary cycle of dis-ease can be re mediated back to its natural integrity 
and wholeness -- of true healing. here the political and social consequences 
as a result of interactions between behavior and human consciousness, identifications, 
and belief systems are identified, quantified, and qualified. this explores 
the path of how the heart has become burdened, contracted, hardened, and obscured 
and what skillful behavior/activities can neutralize, remediate, heal, and turn it around into the great beauty way.

each one of the rainwbody portal pages gives birth into even further portal pages emerge for those inspired or graced to explore the over 50 mb of data. 
index page to rainbowbody articles on this portal 
see the very top of this page for quick links to various sections of this website
 
other rainbow family related sites of interest below:


the 
rainbow family: the unofficial site of an emerging global expression 
at http://www.welcomehome.org/rainbow/index.html . an alternative link is http://www.starsrainbowrideboard.org/welcomehome_mirror/rainbow/ more info on the annual rainbow gatherings at wikipedia


rainbow 
body temple teahouse, cafe & cultural center: 
bay area events, books, and community


the 
rainbow grocery natural foods cooperative - high quality, clean 
food and karma, healthy, wholesome, and affordable nurturance in the sf bay 
area


the 
earth rainbow network one planet, one people, one peace, merging 
spirit with people, community and politics. 


further rainbow body links 
and events page  indigenous practices, yoga, dzogchen, body psychotherapy, 
chi gong, eco-psychology, deep ecology, kundalini, trauma remediation, major 
events, and more 


** 
premier 
events**

click  here for premier event list 
comments or suggestions may be addressed to:
    etonoha (at) yahoo (dot) com


