

































ucsb english department




















university of california, santa barbara




























skip to main content










in memoriam – glyn salton-cox
the english department is devastated to announce the death over the new year of our colleague glyn salton-cox.  to his family, loved ones, and friends here, in his native britain, and throughout the world, we offer our deepest and most heartfelt condolences.  glyn was a brilliant scholar, a very popular teacher, and the kindest of colleagues.
the department of english invites you to a commemoration of our colleague glyn salton-cox on friday, march 3d, 2023. 
we will gather in the faculty club’s betty elings wells pavilion at 3:00 pm and then move to the terrace at 4:00 pm for a reception. please let us know of any accessibility requests.
2023.02







 


study read teach perform design write
study read teach perform design write study read teach perform design write


 







menu



   
   




about

people 

faculty
graduate students
staff
visiting and lecturer
emeriti/ae
in memoriam
phd alumni 


courses
undergraduate 

for majors
undergraduate resources
contact us
for minors and non-majors
beyond the classroom
faqs

graduate 

academics
admissions
funding & support
job placement
contact us


events
research 

research centers
undergraduate research
graduate research
faculty research
dissertation titles
projects
bookshelf


resources
contact
giving







with 30+ faculty, a dozen research centers and projects, and a culture of collaboration, we continue to invent new ways to do humanities research, creative-critical work, and public-facing projects on a beautiful campus between the pacific ocean and the santa ynez mountains.
 
 more on ucsb english 















faculty bookshelf
see all 















coralations
			           					
			           																													author: melody jue									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










forgetting fathers:untold stories from an orphaned past
			           					
			           																													author: david marshall									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










 real mysteriesnarrative and the unknowable
			           					
			           																													author: h. porter abbott									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










 the hungry womana mexican medea
			           					
			           																													author: cherríe moraga									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










the emerson effectindividualism and submission in america
			           					
			           																													author: christopher newfield									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










this bridge called my backwritings by radical women of color
			           					
			           						
																															edited by cherríe moraga and gloria anzaldúa								
							
								
								
			           				










travel and travailearly modern women, english drama, and the wider world
			           					
			           						
																															edited by bernadette andrea and patricia akhimie								
							
								
								
			           				










cribs
			           					
			           																													author: yunte huang									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










 shi: a radical reading of chinese poetry
			           					
			           																													author: yunte huang									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










literature and medicine in nineteenth-century britainfrom mary shelley to george eliot 
			           					
			           																													author: janis caldwell									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










apocalyptic futuresmarked bodies and the violence of the text in kafka, conrad, and coetzee
			           					
			           																													author: russell samolsky									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










insurgenciesconstituent power and the modern state
			           					
			           						
								
																															translator: maurizia boscagli								
								
													
															
			           				










 among the white moon faces: an asian-american memoir of homelands











writing south/east asia in englishagainst the grain, focus on asian english-language literature
			           					
			           																													author: shirley geok-lin lim									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










 eye on the fleshfashions of masculinity in the early twentieth century
			           					
			           																													author: maurizia boscagli									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










queer communism and the ministry of lovesexual revolution in british writing of the 1930s
			           					
			           																													author: glyn salton-cox									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










 loving in the war years
			           					
			           																													author: cherríe moraga									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










slavery on triallaw, abolitionism, and print culture
			           					
			           																													author: jeannine marie delombard									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










wordsworththe sense of history
			           					
			           																													author: alan liu									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










the muse's tragedy and other storiesby edith wharton
			           					
			           						
																															edited by candace waid								
							
								
								
			           				










one world of literature
			           					
			           						
																															edited by shirley geok-lin lim and norman spencer								
							
								
								
			           				










cannibalism in high medieval english literature
			           					
			           																													author: heather blurton									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










empire and environmentecological ruin in the transpacific
			           					
			           						
																															edited by heidi amin-hong and jeffrey santa ana, rina garcia chua, zhou xiaojing								
							
								
								
			           				










 heroes and saints & other plays
			           					
			           																													author: cherríe moraga									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










violentologiesviolence, identity, and ideology in latina/o literature
			           					
			           																													author: ben v. olguín									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				









the critics and the prioress responds to a critical stalemate between the demands of ethics and the entailments of methodology. the book addresses key moments in criticism of the prioress’s tale—particularly those that stage an encounter between historicism and ethics—in order to interrogate these critical impasses while suggesting new modes for future encounters. it is an effort to identify, engage, and reframe some significant—and perennially repeated—arguments staked out in this criticism, such as the roles of gender, aesthetics, source studies, and the appropriate relationship between ethics and historicism.
 
the critics and the prioressantisemitism, criticism, and chaucer's prioress's tale

			           																													author: heather blurton									
								
													
															
								
							




the inscriptive . . . takes shape within the context of a heightened awareness of the intensified generation and circulation of language across media environments by human and nonhuman agents alike…



 
inscriptive studiestoward a field articulation

			           						
																															edited by rita raley and paul benzon								
							
								
							

poetic and abolitionist imaginaries continue to intervene in our current political and cultural landscape in ways that challenge the violent status quo. as our beautiful vision reminds us, we are not the passive observers of history…
 
antiracism inc.why the way we talk about racial justice matters

			           						
																															edited by felice blake and paula ioanide, alison reed								
							
								
							

in the virus touch bishnupriya ghosh argues that media are central to understanding emergent relations between viruses, humans, and nonhuman life. writing in the shadow of the hiv/aids and covid-19 global pandemics, ghosh theorizes “epidemic media” to show how epidemics are mediated in images, numbers, and movements through the processes of reading test results and tracking infection and mortality rates
 
the virus touchtheorizing epidemic media

			           																													author: bishnupriya ghosh									
								
													
															
								
							

in inventing william of norwich heather blurton resituates thomas’s account by offering the first full analysis of it as a specifically literary work. the second half of the twelfth century was a time of great literary innovation encompassing an efflorescence of saints’ lives and historiography, as well as the emergence of vernacular romance…she examines the life and miracles within the framework of these new textual developments and alongside innovations in liturgical and devotional practices to argue that the origin of the ritual murder accusation is imbricated as much in literary culture as it is in the realities of christian-jewish relations or the emergence of racially based discourses of antisemitism.
 
inventing william of norwichthomas of monmouth, antisemitism, and literary culture, 1150–1200

			           																													author: heather blurton									
								
													
															
								
							







the catalyst:  contemporary literary arts magazinewinter 2023 launch
april 6th, 2023								
in collaboration with ucsb reads, a program of the ucsb library selected pieces from the catalyst‘s winter 2023 issue have been printed on canvas and will be hung on the walls of the ucsb library ... catalyst magazine website


research project
see all 









research centers


 

the global latinidades center




 

las maestras center




 

transcriptions center




 

medieval literatures




 

literature and mind







literature and the environment




 

hemispheric south/s




 

early modern center







center on modern culture, materialism, and aesthetics




 

american cultures and global contexts center








recent & upcoming courses

engl 238

critical engagement with ai/machine learning 
instructor:
								
																										
																				raley, rita


quarter: fall 2023 

engl 104lc

literature, culture, and society: the 20th and 21st century
instructor:
								
																										
																				boscagli, maurizia


quarter: winter 2024 







what we're reading



 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 















the university of california, santa barbara is situated on unceded chumash land and waters. read our full land acknowledgement.





department of english
university of california, santa barbara
santa barbara, ca 93106-3170




contact
t 805-893-7488
f 805-893-7492
info@english.ucsb.edu




main office hours [pst]
monday through friday
9am-12pm and 1-4pm
south hall, room 3431
campus maps




faculty offices and centers
south hall, 2nd floor





copyright © 2025 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved.
terms accessibility












