




don't panic!
































skip to content







menu



articles
mission politics






                    
                        . | theme by 
                        
                            themeinprogress |
                            proudly powered by wordpress











don't panic!






 how to protect yourself as a “new media” professional







what do new media professionals need to protect their way of business – and their livelihood?? professional liability insurance designed for new media professionals is designed to offer financial assistance for legal expenses as well as potentially settlement fees if your client or a third-party names you in a lawsuit.
read more



 win lovebox weekend tickets







held annually on londons oldest public park bordering bethnal green, hackney, and bow, londons most creative and socially dynamic quarters, lovebox as a festival, urban event or “happening” is without comparison. “you can’t beat london as the hippest place on the planet, the lovebox weekender is proof of that” gilles petersonread more



 peer pressure group think







don’t panic is a publication unlike anything you have seen before. the format is entirely unique and in tune with the generation it was borne from. distribution is not through newstand but dispensers in carefully selected independent shops, bars, universities and art spaces as well as outside cutting-edge music events and launch parties. packed withread more



 fear of a black planet







man, you ain’t gotta worry ’bout a thing’bout your daughter, no, she’s not my type(but suppose she said she loved me?)are you afraid of the mix of black and white?we’re livin’ in a land where the law saythe mixing of race makes the blood impureshe’s a woman, i’m a manby the look on your faceread more



 win a graphic novel and t-shirt with the losers







to celebrate the release of the losers on the 28th may we have five copies of the original graphic novel as well as official t-shirts and posters to give away! the long-awaited big-screen adaptation of the graphic novel of the same name follows a former special forces team in the 90s, the losers. betrayed byread more



 win where the wild things are – dvds  plus an adult size max wolf suit!







escape to a land of fantasy when where the wild things are arrives on blu-ray multi-pack, dvd and digitally on 10th may from warner home video. based on the highly awarded, critically acclaimed children’s book, innovative director, spike jonze, invites you to release your inner child and experience this classic story about childhood and theread more




1
2
3


  



















