






creative methods - scientific analyses of fundamental issues










creative methods

"outside the box" perspective for fundamental issues


 





welcome to creative methods, providing scientific analyses for fundamental
  issues of our world.  short descriptions of the topics in the site are below.
[clicking the blue underlined topic title, or the picture, or the “go” button opens the
  topic.  use your browser’s “back” arrow/button to return
  here.  return links and navigation bars at the bottoms of pages
  facilitate movement throughout the site.]




 





global temperature increases





global warming will increase temperatures by about
  6.9 degrees fahrenheit, or 3.9 degrees celsius, during fossil fuel lifetime, until fossil fuel runs out in about 2240.  the earth will
  experience a climate change and will revert to a mild climate similar to that of the oligocene period
  of 23 to 34 million years ago.  polar ice will slowly melt to produce a sea level rise of a few millimeters a year,
  which will reach 20.0 feet or 6.10 meters above the level of july 1, 2013 by about 2455.  the current national and international policy
  of "reducing emissions" is futile because it only delays by a few years when the fuel is burned
  and only slightly alters the path to the eventual outcome.
  





us air
  quality gradebook






us air quality gradebook presents
  a composite view of air quality based on 21 measures from the environmental
  protection agency (epa).  maps and gradesheets grade us counties from a to
  f on 10 measures of ambient concentration and on emissions of 11
  pollutants.  each county then receives a composite grade based on these
  21 individual measures.  air quality in neighboring counties also
  influences a county's map grade.





español






  spanish is an increasingly important language in the united states. 
  about 14 percent of the u.s. population now has hispanic background, and
  by 2050 that will increase to 29 percent.  especially in much of
  southwestern united states, it is a distinct advantage to know both english
  and spanish.  this section contains some good references for an
  introductory spanish course.
  





about us





at creative methods, we examine
  fundamental issues with scientific analyses.  in this endeavor, we
  employ “outside the box” perspective to provide fresh understanding of our
  world and ourselves.  always present is the scientific method, with its high
  standards of reproducable evidence.




 





we at creative methods hope our site shows you a fresh, scientific
  perspective on fundamental issues of our world.




 

   
  
 
 





abstract: at creative methods, we try
  to “step outside the box” and look at fundamental issues in our world with
  new perspective.  humans are adept at capitalizing on new ideas. 
  consider, for example, harnessed electricity, the internal combustion engine,
  and the integrated circuit.  there is, however, a disinclination to ever
  revisit the fundamentals, to ask why we are doing things a certain way, or,
  in general, to ask why.  a child quickly learns that questions such
  as, “why is the sky blue?” are irritating to adults and stops asking. 
  there is pressure to conform to “conventional wisdom” -- to do things the
  accepted way, and not ask uncomfortable questions.  at creative methods,
  we strive to ask those questions -- to look at things in fresh ways that bring
  insights into our world and our ideas about it and about ourselves. 
  under the issue air quality, we present epa data as maps and gradesheets that
  grade us counties a to f for 21 epa measures of air quality.  the topics
  of air pollution and environmental health are serious issues in the us, and
  result in pollution health effects including headache, respiratory impairment,
  neurological impairment, mental impairment, asthma, lung disease, chronic fatigue,
  immune system dysfunction, premature aging, and reduced longevity. 
  environmental science monitors air pollutant emissions, as well as


criteria air pollutant concentrations through ambient monitoring. 
  the us air quality gradebook (“airgrades”) grades both emissions and
  ambient concentrations on maps and gradesheets, and assigns resultant
  composite scores to us counties.  air pollutants include
  carbon monoxide, co; lead, pb; nitrogen dioxide, no2; nitrogen oxides, nox;
  volatile organic compounds, voc; ozone, o3;
  particulate matter smaller than 10 micrometers in size, pm10;
  particulate matter smaller than 2.5 micrometers in size, pm2.5; ammonia, nh3;
  sulphur dioxide, so2; hazardous air pollutants, hap; diesel emissions; and
  acrolein.  air pollution point sources include electric power generating
  facilities and industrial plants.  area source emissions include
  wildfires, forest fires, open burning, permitted burning, structure fires, and
  fugitive dust.  mobile sources include highway and off-road vehicles with
  internal combustion engines such as automobiles, trucks, trains, airplanes,
  snowmobiles, and all terrain vehicles (atvs).  the maps, gradesheets, and
  source sheets demonstrate that clean air is at a premium in the us.  sites
  presenting issues on health and the environment related to those presented under
  the topic air grades by creative methods at creativemethods.com are scorecard
  at scorecard.com and the environmental protection agency, epa, at epa.gov.





 











 

                             web site navigation links:.....
home page.....
temperature.....
air quality.....
español

 













