






d'aigle autoharps & autoharp quarterly
















join our email listfor email marketing you can trust. 
 


         
 


autoharp marketplace

felt
strings
parts
straps
cases
stands
tuners & electronics
picks
books
dvds
t-shirts and fun stuff
vintage and consigned instruments
boneyard




d'aigle autoharps

folk instrument store
autoharps for sale
d'aigle beginners packaged'aigle beginner's package
the freedom 'harp
the desert rose and the desert eagle
the cascade
the cascade ultralite
the tlc
the laura lee
the aquila
the tahoma




videos and articles 


evo bluestein sparrowharp 


repair and customization
      

repair shop
customization shop




help and articles

contact d'aigle autoharps
"how to" corner
when we build
autoharp angels
links to our friends
autoharp anatomy
true history of the autoharp




 
 










 








join us for the first thursday jam!












sponsored by d'aigle autoharps and the north hill community club.
              jam night will be held at the easy to find club, which has plenty of room, so we can space out and be comfortable. 
              the first thursday jam is an all acoustic, all level jam, bring your instruments and/or your voices to play some great songs, and get back into the music!
              the north hill community club is just three blocks off first avenue at:
              20827 3rd ave s, des moines, wa 98198.
              there is lots of parking, and we plan to make this a regular again, on the first thursday of each month, 7:00 to 9:00
              doors open at 6:30. join us! bring the music back to your life!









 
what goes into building an autoharp? check out the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nz2bcvsjd3q
 



d'aigle ad by allison guinn
        
        
 



click here for
          events in the shop
check out the new d'aigle beginner package
now no interest layaway plans for all d'aigle autoharps
new carbon fiber autoharp
prototype click here
 
our shop
video by arthur wessel
 
see our various models here
 


more help videos here
click here for the

 











 









check out our d'aigle beginner's package.
          you can get a fully set up 'harp and all you need to start playing the day you receive it.

          we are offerring the beginner's package with our d'aigle desert rose at a special price. 




the evo bluetstein sparrow. [evo bluestein sparrowharp]
this little autoharp is turning out to be a real asset to the autoharp community.
          because it has a big voice in a small size, lots of folks who   struggled with the standard size autoharp are finding new musical   pleasures with the sparrow.      
 


 





e-mail           us for more information daigleharp@gmail.com
          or callâ â  (206)-439-3549 local
          toll free 1-800-630-harp 

we accept major credit cards, visa & master at the shop, and any major card through the website








