


watters aquatech pools and spas las vegas































































companyservicesportfoliofaqsteamcontact usthe wonder of watters(702) 876-2217tap to calla tale ofwattersince 1985, watters aquatech pools & spas has been crafting award-winning, backyard retreats across the vegas valley. our family-owned pool company infuses every project with innovative designs, extreme detail and an elegant sensibility. the highest quality equipment and materials are always selected. that's because we pride ourselves on expert craftsmanship, an unequaled passion for design and a dedication to superior customer service.contact usour servicesnew retreatswe marry beauty and function to suit your lifestyle, collaborating on your pool dreams as if they were our own.renovationswhen we make over your pool and yard, it’s more than a renovation. it’s a lifestyle renaissance.water careour relationship with your pool doesn’t end at the fill phase. we continue to care for your retreat for as long as you’d like us to.our portfoliopool & spa masterpiecesthe blognews, notes, awards & pressno blogs foundwill you service my pool after completion?yes, we offer repair and maintenance services. our technicians can maintain your pool for as long as you want them to. and if you experience an issue, do not hesitate to call us. we are happy to solve it.i have small children. do you recommend a pool fence?yes, we do. pool fences save lives. we can create an elegant barrier that protects your children.will you recommend materials and finishes?of course. we help guide selections to ensure you are getting the most value for your budget, and meeting your aesthetic preferences.do you design outdoor kitchens as well?yes. we will create your own personal oasis. this includes constructing outdoor kitchens, lounge areas, spas, pool bars, etc. if you dream it, we will build it.who will oversee my backyard transformation?the principals of watters aquatech are intimately involved in every project. you can rest assured that every detail of your design and construction will be thoroughly managed to your satisfaction.our teamtestimonialswhat they saywaters aquatech is the best in the business. the team is top notch, the quality of their work is exceptional, and they are always friendly and responsive!doug beckleyi called russ watters for help with my pool which was having serious problems with chemical balance. i needed the water drained and refilled, the plaster needed to be acid washed, my tile was stained and my filter was shot. russ hooked me up and my pool is like new. no matter the size of your pool, large or small, watters aquatech can handle it.ken martindustin's design is stellar ! unique for each client. gina is the best liaison for us. both so accommodating to our needs as to what works and why.caroline greeneoffice hoursmon - fri: 8:00am - 4:00pmsat: by appointmentcontact us5024 w post rd #alas vegas, nv 89118state license no. 23204 a-10license limit $850,000info@wattersaquatech.com(702)876-2217copyright 2025 - all rights reserved watters aquatech | powered by pool man marketing

