cast and fire


     welcome to my homepage!here i am looking around the web site trying to figure things out.  you might notice the rifle and bayonet.  it is a mitchells mauser and a real beauty.  i had to go into the brush myself as my hunting partner twisted his back and stayed on the logging road.  there were several mountain lions around us and i wanted a little more edge just in case i came face to face with one.  it is also the front page picture of a novel i want to write.  sadly, the forest behind me is gone due to lightning fires."give the gift of safety"cast and fire will be offering various nra classes and will have a nra certified instructor available with range safety officer status.  if your not a nra member and want to sign up then i can do it for you.  i have been a nra recruiter for several years and you get a super price and it also make a great gift for someone.  call or email me for more information.thank you for visiting my internet site. you can reach me, david cole, at 360-642-0565 and by fax at 360-642-0565.  i am looking forward to hearing from you. you can also contact me at our e-mail address: castandfire@aol.com.if you are not familiar with my company and your first contact with me is online: i would be pleased to hear from you! please let me know what your needs and questions are and i will be more than happy to help.in brief, you should know the following about me: my name, david cole and my company, cast and fire, was established in 1990 and to washington around 2002 and has been responsible for providing outstanding one on one personal service ever since. my specialty in firearms, is searching for the best possible price and availability. my regular customers particularly value the time spent with them and their needs. my business is located at 6819 ortelius dr, ilwaco, wa 98624.  business hours are noon - 5 pm most days.  appointments are suggested as i might be involved with a class or training at the bks range or on a secret mission.payments accepted are cash, money orders, personal checks.  pay pal is also accepted in some cases but not for firearms or ammo, castandfire@aol.com is the account e-mail address.  i do add sales tax to wa residents.  i try to ship usps flat rate box.  this keeps the shipping cost down.  some items will include s&h.  if not, then this gives you an idea of the cost.  i do ship ups as well, depending on the item(s).i would like to ask everyone who is interested in my services to make an appointment.  i am one person and cannot talk to 3 or 4 people at the same time.  i want to set aside time to deal with you and make it a one on one meeting.  just like a doctors office.  i hate standing around while there is only 1 clerk available to deal with a group.  if i am with another person then you will need to wait until i am finished with their needs.  if i am in the field or doing a class i cannot help you at that time.  if i am transferring a firearm to you then i need time to get my computer up and running.   how would you like to be treated?  i do have a message box by the door so leave a message if need be and i will get back to you.


     