





rix pool & spa | hot tubs, saunas, clear water chemicals and pool supplies | east hanover, nj 07936


















































call us today
973-386-0404














































pools

above ground pool available!
pool services
pool supplies
pool faq's
water safety



hot tubs

uag hot tubs
marquis spas
hot tub service
health benefits
hot tub faq's



saunas

finnleo saunas
sauna parts & accessories
saunas faq's



alfa ovens 

discover alfa



members area


about rix

accreditations
testimonials
charitable support
about us
career opportunities



specials

monthly specials



contact

contact us
financing



































 










fall in love with relaxation!
get free accessories and local delivery when you purchase a hot tub with us!
and get free local delivery and installation when you purchase a sauna with us!
click here for more information!














marquis spas
when you purchase a marquis spa with rix, you get:
a free chemical package, free steps, free cover lifter, and free local two man standard delivery*

see below for more information on our spa stock list!
click here for more information!














finnleo saunas
purchase a finnleo hallmark/infared sauna with rix and receive: 
the delivery and installation special!*

see below for our sauna stock list and how to receive the special!
click here for more information!














marquis 'crown' collection
marquis' most advanced therapy features and luxury amenities into the most elegant and flexible hydromassage system!

see below for what we have in stock and to see more information on the collection.
click here for more information!














alfa ovens 
available for purchase with our alfa ovens:
tool kit, cover, base, hybrid kit (available for brio only)
delivery and assembly special available*

click for more information on the alfa oven and how to receive the special!
click here for more information!












rix pool & spa
open year round for all of your pool, spa, & sauna needs! 
want a pool for the upcoming season? need supplies to winterize your hot tub? need a break from the cold with a sauna?- come visit us any day of the week! 







call us now
973-386-0404


learn more! 








over fifty years of top experience




rix is your complete resource for swimming pool service, hot tubs, saunas, clear water chemicals, pool supplies and accessories since 1970.  

view more





call us today
973-386-0404

















hot tubs, sauna & steam rooms sales & services
visit our showroom 
• open 7 days a week, and by appointment
• hot tubs & saunas on display
• free water testing and analysis
• test soak in a hot tub
• pool floats, toys, games and accessories







pools: products, equipment & service 
products, equipment & service 







we know parts - ask our experts - open 7 days each week
thousands of parts in stock. if we don't have it on hand, then we can get it.
• full line of pool  & spa chemicals
• maintenance equipment & supplies









see what clients are saying



we are very proud of the service we provide and stand by every product we carry.
read our testimonials from our happy customers.










i hired multiple pool companies first and nobody could fix the issue which was very time sensitive. the staff at rix went out of their way to fit me in and immediately fixed all the prior inferior work and got my pool running. a problem that nobody else could resolve for months was resolved in less than two hours by competent and friendly technicians. i’m calling rix first from now on.


eric g. - wayne, nj










the two guys who did my valet went beyond the call of duty. i had some stains and asked them if they thought they could be removed. they told me there was a possibility after numerous services and chlorine. after being away for the day, i came back and saw they had scrubbed them off. they knew i was concerned because of the new plaster job but had accepted them as a fact of life .

what they did was unbelievably kind and thoughtful for which i thank them very much.  you really do run a great business. thanks for everything you do.


carol










our in-ground pool had a bad leak that was flooding the backyard. also had an additional suction leak (air bubbles) at a different spot. rix pool came out in good time with a crew of 4 specialists. they located the leak (damaged underground pipe), dug down and replaced the broken pipe section. they also did some plumbing upgrades at the filter, all in half a day. very impressed with their professionalism and their efficiency.


fred w. - east hanover,  nj










i would definitely recommend this company to anyone out there looking for any pool maintenance
they came out in short notice to help me with a disaster of a pool and took their time to answer my questions and get my pool back to normal. will continue to use them for all my pool needs.


emina m. - wayne, nj










i used rix to install our safety fence. great guys, professional, easy going and good communication. top top people.


remy c. - montclair, nj










writing this review from dallas tx area. when sub zero temperatures cause major pool damages i could not get parts to repair my pool as inventory thru out the southwest was gone in a matter of days . john magi and the rest of the rix pool and spa team stepped up big time to help.. the went out of their way to get me the equipment i needed and did it quickly. they could have said no but they felt that they needed to help out someone in need even if it was 1800 miles away. i can't say enough about their service. if i lived in the morris county area i would be a loyal customer for life. you can't find businesses that care anymore. john and his team care.


richard c. - dallas, tx










thank you for taking care of all our summer/ year round needs.  your services are professional, reliable, pleasant and make
owning a pool enjoyable.


debi c - morristown, nj










appreciate your honest approach to serving your customers, been with you over 20 years and consistently am impressed


bob s - glen ridge, nj










the service from rix is outstanding!  they are reliable, knowledgeable, and follow through on any requests we make.  we especially love our valet, rich, who is the best there is!  we can always count on him for professional, thorough, and courteous service. please know what a great representative of your company he is!


valerie s - kinnelon, nj










we are long time customers of rix. they always provide wonderful service, but just this past week they went above and beyond. our heater broke and they got a new one installed very quickly, in time for a pool party that my daughter will be hosting this week. i want to thank cory and angela in the service department for their patience and wonderful customer service. i want to thank widlor, our long time service tech and now manager, for his continuous and impeccable management of our account. thank you rix!!!


lori b - springfield, nj










we love purchasing our pool supplies here. friendly and knowledgeable staff. easy and quick water testing. they offer so many services, it is a one stop shop. we also always love the newest floats and pool toys that they have. this year they even are selling lawn games (we got ladder ball). it is good quality products. we look forward to continuing to use rix. our pool thanks them too!!


alyse l - freehold, nj










i just want to thank you for the many years of service and i will miss all the great guys from your service department.


lynn e - oakland, nj










thank you rix for fixing my heater and being so professional and knowledgeable. you truly are the best!


stacey k - pine brook, nj










"your technicians were courteous, professional, and informative."


steve r  - east hanover, nj










"we have always been pleased with the entire staff and excellent level of service."


joe a - lafayette, nj










"the best customer service any company has provided us..."


damon l - denville, nj










"the service technicians i've had are extremely good, polite and knowledgeable."


joan h - boonton township, nj




















new jersey home improvement contractor license #13vh11001800

address



								138 ridgedale avenue	east hanover,  nj 07936								



								get directions




showroom
phone




973-386-0404




email




rixretail@rixpoolandspa.com




hours

monday: 10 am - 6 pm 
tuesday: 10 am - 6 pm 
wednesday: 10 am - 6 pm 
thursday: 10 am - 6 pm
friday: 10 am - 6 pm 
saturday: 10 am - 6 pm
sunday: 10 am - 5 pm



service
phone




973-386-0404




email




poolservice@rixpool.com




hours

monday: 9:00 am - 5 pm 
tuesday: 9:00 am - 5 pm 
wednesday: 9:00 am - 5 pm 
thursday: 9:00 am - 5 pm 
friday: 9:00 am - 5 pm 
saturday: closed during winter/fall seasons
sunday: closed



products & services

pools
hot tubs
saunas
alfa ovens 
members area
about rix
specials
contact








rix pool & spa © 2025. all rights reserved.










































