








pho hoa noodle soup






















































 


















































				                      menu         
				                  


menu
locations
order online

united states
canada


rewards
franchising
careers
 















theme features 1

phasellus nec metus scelerisque, feugiat est quis, vestibulum ante. proin id vehicula enim. pellentesque habitant...




theme features 2

phasellus nec metus scelerisque, feugiat est quis, vestibulum ante. proin id vehicula enim. pellentesque habitant...




theme features 3

phasellus nec metus scelerisque, feugiat est quis, vestibulum ante. proin id vehicula enim. pellentesque habitant...




theme features 4

phasellus nec metus scelerisque, feugiat est quis, vestibulum ante. proin id vehicula enim. pellentesque habitant...









home









earn rewards while enjoyingyour favorite meal
ordering your healthy combo has never been more rewarding.
with the pho hoa rewards, for every dollar you spend, you earn 1 point.
the more you order, the more points you accumulate!
 
50 points = free roll
150 points = free drink
250 points = free pho
 
haven’t joined yet?
download the app now to start earning rewards with every purchase.
 
 

learn more

our pho-losophy
at phở hòa, our passion is simple: to make a healthy vietnamese phở noodle soup offering the same robust flavors and aromas of traditional phở. that's why we've revolutionized the way phở is made; using top-grade meats to create a healthier soup broth that's lower in calories and cholesterol. our signature broth is paired with fresh locally sourced produce, high quality ingredients and spices to produce the perfect bowl of phở. phở hòa is the health conscious choice™. 
 
news & accolades
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



the menu
combine our delicious world famous and healthy broth with your choice of quality meats, vegetables and herbs. our ingredients are locally sourced and served fresh to the table! in addition to pho, we also specialize in a variety of rice plates, vermicelli bowls, snax, and kids meals. our goal is to provide delicious and authentic vietnamese meals. from vegetarian items to our signature phở, our expansive menu offers a variety of options for everybody.
 
full menu
 



franchise with us
established more than 35 years ago, pho hoa noodle soup offers a simple and proven business model. in addition to three decades of experience and international brand recognition, phở hòa serves quality, consistent and superior, healthy products. as a franchisee, you will be provided with the training tools, international brand strength, and ongoing marketing and operational support needed from beginning through your entire business ownership.
 
franchise with us
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



our history
pho hoa noodle soup "phở hòa" was founded with a simple goal; to craft a healthy bowl of phở using vietnamese flavors and spices. established in 1983 in california, phở hòa has rapidly grown to be the leader in the vietnamese food, fast casual industry.
 
after the fall of saigon in 1975, an influx of vietnamese refugees arrived in the united states with little to their name. from humble beginnings with less than 400sq ft of space, mr. binh nguyen had a vision for the brand:
 
“i wanted to create a way for vietnamese refugees to assimilate into their new environment while having the opportunity to elevate their status to become entrepreneurs and being a part of the american dream.” 

in 1985 phở hòa expanded its brand by opening its flagship store on tully rd. in san jose, a popular hangout spot for the vietnamese community which still stands strong today. shortly there after phở hòa pioneered the first vietnamese franchise in the united states by expanding the brand locally and internationally. 

now with over three decades of experience and a global reach, phở hoà has become a household name serving millions of bowls annually worldwide.

 
 
find a location
 



careers
as one of the leading franchised phở restaurants in the united states. we offer competitive employee incentives and a great work environment for entry level applicants looking to grow with our team.
 
working at phở hòa is a unique restaurant experience where you'll get the opportunity to cook and serve authentic vietnamese food. at our restaurants, we promote from within, giving you the opportunity to work your way up through hard work and professionalism. we're committed to helping you learn the skills you need to succeed. with supportive mentoring and a fun and diverse team environment, we set you up to make the most of your opportunity.
 
experience for yourself how rewarding working at a phở hòa restaurant can be!
 
 
find out more





 
 

contact form






3 + 5 = 

 


























contact
faq’s
rewards
news
privacy policy
 







 





pho hoa noodle soup 


menulocationsorder online

united states canada
rewardsfranchisingcareers




