












inground swimming pool contractor - pool town | call today: 800-882-0152






























































 







 












 














call today: 800-882-0152     info@pooltownnj.com






we are hiring!
warranty claim form
about us
retail store
authorized pool service
























pool gallery
vinyl inground pools

vinyl inground swimming pools
salt water pools
vinyl liner replacement
safety covers


pool designs
pool construction

construction method


contact us
request a consultation












 












invest in a lifetime of memories with your new inground swimming pool





view pool gallery



schedule a consultation













over 12,000 pools installed in nj



























customer google reviews



































































































































































































































































schedule a consultation



pool town has been making backyards dreams come true for over 30 years!is your backyard next?

schedule a consultation











buying your family’s first swimming pool?
get the answers to all of the most common inground swimming pool buying questions with this 100% free guide.
download pool town’s free and informative inground swimming pool features guide to find out everything you need to know and more!


swimming pool guide

full name*email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 

send the guide to my email inbox 

























we’re new jersey’s largest inground vinyl liner swimming pool company
see how our revolutionary techniques make us industry leaders in pool construction and installation





concrete x-brace



octal filtration & circulation










about us
when we first started in central new jersey, pools were pretty basic back in the 80’s: rectangular or grecian shape, inadequate filtration systems, inadequate structural strength, inadequate drainage, and absolutely no bells and whistles. since then, pool designs have changed drastically – and so have we. today, pool town is the leading vinyl in-ground pool company in the state of new jersey. we feature more than a hundred standard and custom in-ground pool designs, an in–house engineering and permit processing department, professional crews, courteous customer service staff, and an attached excel pool service company that handles service, warranty and maintenance needs. our 15,000 sq. ft. showroom located at 5500 route 9 south in howell nj has an onsite retail store, an indoor pool display and a large selection of premium spas. whether you live in north, south or central new jersey, pools and spas from pool town have been a part of your outdoor living experience for years.

we are blessed to have a talented team of pool professionals who have helped build over 10,000 pooltown inground swimming pools in nj from start to finish in our 28 year history. we continually work directly with our manufacturers to create stronger, innovative products such as ibex construction, and offer unparalleled industry leading warranties. designing complete backyard experiences, are our specialty.
when you and your family are ready for an outdoor experience beyond your wildest dreams, choose pool town, inc nj’s premier design and installation company for proven value and peace of mind. please join the pool town family of satisfied customers!
our pool designs lead to your backyard oasis
pool town in nj has all of the tools to deliver the backyard oasis of your dreams and incorporate all your unique landscape design ideas. in addition to building new jersey’s best inground pool, we provide homeowners with designs for custom pools including:

real rock waterfalls
underwater pool lighting
salt water inground pools
fencing
slides
spillover spas

we can outfit your pool with custom decking options such as brushed concrete, architectural stamped concrete, custom pavers, natural stone and brick patios. when it comes to pushing the envelope in creating your total backyard experience our motto is, “if you can dream it, we can build it.” our pool professionals can help guide you through the pool buying process from start to finish that you can focus on creating the lasting family memories your new summer-living environment.
from custom pools to backyard design, we service the entire state of new jersey
in addition to designing and building complete backyard concepts, we offer service and maintenance for swimming pools our nj customers have purchased from us or from our competitors. our highly trained and experienced technicians offer seasonal openings, closings and pool and hot tub service for all your needs. our in house service department has the skills and knowledge to keep you pool crystal clear for years to come. we specialize in replacement pool pumps, filters, and heaters. we carry a wide selection of durable high quality vinyl inground pool liners . we have a fleet of pool service techs and vehicles providing inground pool service from cape may to sussex county that is ready to get the job done throughout the state of new jersey.
we offer you more than simple pool designs: we offer you the opportunity to create the outdoor living experience of a lifetime. we want you to discover how pool town, nj’s premier installation and construction company, can help you with that experience. read pool buying tips and view our gallery to see the innovative custom pools we have provided for families throughout the garden state. call our office at 800-882-0152 for special offers and to learn how we can take the vision you have for your backyard oasis and make it a reality. feel free to stop by pool town with any questions you have about inground pools; our pool specialists are always happy to answer them. we are open 7 days/week all year round for your convenience.
 


read more











looking for inspiration?

discover the elegance and style of a modern vinyl liner inground swimming pool.

view swimming pool designs

pool town has been making backyards dreams come true for over 30 years!is your backyard next?







inground vinyl swimming pool gallery





































view pool town's swimming pool photo showcase







wondering if a vinyl liner inground swimming pool is for you? 
schedule a consultation with one of our award winning pool designers










pool town, inc.(nj hic registration #: 13vh00923100)
address:5500 u.s. 9, howell township, nj 07731
phone numbers:(800) 882-0152(732) 901-9071








social links

followfollowfollowfollowfollow












© 2021 pool town, inc.  all rights reserved  | terms & conditions | privacy policy | site map
 













 


 













request an in-home consultation for an inground swimming pool


with one of our experienced pool town swimming pool designers.


pool town will contact you within 1 -2 business days to schedule an in-home or virtual appointment






request an inground pool consultation now




name*best phone number*email address*

city*pool type*interested in:inground poolabove ground poolthis field is hidden when viewing the formi agree,*

to have pool town, contact me regarding new swimming pool information and promotions.
phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 

schedule a consultation 















 

we respect your privacy.



























 





 call pool town now



 


























































