




breaking free from food addiction - the kay sheppard planthe kay sheppard plan | a program for freedom from food addiction

























































the kay sheppard plan
a program for freedom from food addiction




menu
skip to content
home
about kay
work with kay

phone consultations with kay sheppard
retreats


meetings

phone meetings
online meeting
food addicts breakingfree


products

books and more
conversations with kay
the kay sheppard club


resources

articles
blog
recipes


food plan
the kay sheppard club
members login
 






breaking free from food addiction



what is food addiction?
food addiction is characterized by an obsession with food, obsession with weight, and loss of control over the amount of food eaten. it involves the compulsive pursuit of a mood change by engaging repeatedly in episodes of uncontrolled eating despite adverse consequences. the term food addiction implies there is a biogenetic — physiological, biochemical — condition of the brain and body that creates a craving for refined foods: carbohydrates, animal fats, and salt.

how do we achieve abstinence from addictive triggers?
abstinence is achieved by the elimination of compulsive eating, volume eating, under eating, addictive eating, and ingestion of all substances that will trigger an addictive response.
what is kay sheppard’s food plan?
kay sheppard’s food plan is a weighed and measured plan. it eliminates sugar, flour, wheat, highly refined carbohydrate foods, high-fat foods, and personal trigger foods as follows:

eliminate the addictive substances.
balance proteins and carbohydrates.
manage volume.
provide good nutrition.
distribute nutrients throughout the day to maintain a healthy level of metabolism.


we believe in working a holistic program of recovery
we are not affiliated with any specific twelve-step group but we cherish the twelve steps and recommend that way of life. this includes working with a sponsor, step work, meetings, and twelve-step literature. we welcome members of all twelve-step programs.

kay sheppard, lmhc
kay sheppard, m.a. is the best-selling author of food addiction: the body knows, from the first bite and food addiction: healing day by day. a licensed mental health counselor, she conducts workshops for food addicts worldwide.
since beginning her own recovery in 1977, sheppard has helped thousands of people live happy and healthy lives by following her comprehensive recovery program.
find out how to:

eliminate cravings for sugar, carbohydrates, caffeine and personal trigger foods by using her recovery food plan
recognize the dangers in so-called “health” food
overcome emotional barriers to recovery
find recovery buddies
recognize the warning signs of relapse|
incorporate the twelve steps into your life to stay motivated and achieve success.


 






the kay sheppard communityjoin over 8,000 food addicts who get exclusive recovery tips and announcements from kay sheppard every month!
contact us click here to send a question or a comment.

 click here to download kay's food plan
join us on facebook! 

search the site 
search



the kay sheppard club the kay sheppard club is for people who are serious about recovery from food addiction.

blog categories

food addiction recovery

food recovery practical tips

food recovery recipes

complete breakfast

complete lunch or diner

dressings & sauces

metabolic adjustment

other recipes

protein dishes

starch dishes

vegetable dishes




what people are saying about "conversations with kay"
"love the conversations with kay. these will always travel with me. they have joined joe and charlie (and eckhart tolle) as my go-to recorded inspirations." ~audrey m
“i have found these conversations to be so valuable in reminding me of the key areas in addressing recovery from food addiction. kay’s wisdom in these audio files is invaluable.”
~candace beesley
"kay, per usual, did not disappoint. this was an investment in my abstinence and well worth every penny!"
~cindy b.
"i have them on all my gadgets and quite often listen to them in bed at night. i cannot wait for the next batch."
~mikayla j.

 



		© 2025 kay sheppard, inc. all rights reserved.
		 | 
home
 | 
privacy policy
 | 
terms & refund policy
 | 
contact































