


rock of israel ministries
























































homeabout usstaffjewish encounters we have hadevent calendarnewsletters archiveschedule usgot questionstheological answersfrequently asked questionsarticlesscience testimonyvideosspanish / espanolstorefree downloadscontact ushow and why to get saveddonate
homeabout usstaffjewish encounters we have hadevent calendarnewsletters archiveschedule usgot questionstheological answersfrequently asked questionsarticlesscience testimonyvideosspanish / espanolstorefree downloadscontact ushow and why to get saveddonate






site menu











engaging jewish people with the messiah


marketplace




internet ads




literature




engaging christians with the jewish jesus


church presentations




men's groups, women's groups, home groups




israel tours




resources


books




judaica




jewelry











articles






jesus made me kosher
jesus makes people kosher! who is yeshua and how can he make anyone kosher?
read more






the disciples of jesus were jewish and had jewish names
if you are reading this article, it means that you are wanting to be informed about the jewish roots of the faith.  we are glad...
read more






ten reasons why isaiah 53 is not about israel
hint: it's actually about the messiah of israel.
read more










upcoming events



the miami-dade county fair
visit our booth at the miami-dade county fair in miami, florida .....                  


learn more

the san diego fair
visit our booth at the san diego county fair in del mar, ca .....                  


learn more

the ohio state fair
visit our booth at the ohio state fair in columbus, ohio               

learn more

the wisconsin state fair
visit our booth at the wisconsin state fair                  


learn more










a gift for you....
if you are jewish and not yet a believer in yeshua - we have a gift for you!
just send us a note on our "contact us" page and let us know that you are jewish and not a believer. 
we would be happy to send you a free book in the mail called "messianic prophecy in the holy scriptures."
you may also download it for free here
 










homeabout usstaffjewish encounters we have hadevent calendarnewsletters archiveschedule usgot questionstheological answersfrequently asked questionsarticlesscience testimonyvideosspanish / espanolstorefree downloadscontact ushow and why to get saveddonate




subscribe to our monthly e-newsletter.
submit





rock of israel ministries   |   p.o. box 18038   |   fairfield, ohio 45018   |   phone: 513-874-2566







© 2023 - 2025 rock of israel ministries - all rights reserved. 











