





safmarine integration into maersk















































                we are gradually closing down safmarine.com
                


as we integrate our safmarine brand into maersk, we are migrating the way we work from safmarine.com to maersk.com, so that you can book, track, and manage all your future shipments through maersk.com. we are working hard to ensure that these changes have minimal impact on your business with us, but in some cases that is not possible.













to track your cargo you can continue to use safmarine track and trace for now. 

you are still able to log in and manage your ongoing safmarine shipment and myfinance. for future bookings, please log in on maersk.com using your safmarine username and password.












                        safmarine track and trace
                    




                            enter a code
                        







                            this field is required
                        





                    track
                









                            safmarine shipment management
                        


                        manage your ongoing safmarine shipment and myfinance.
                    



login 



 










below is a list of the changes, how they might impact you, and any action that you may need to take:
access to maersk.com

you can now login to maersk.com with your existing safmarine username and password. you can find the steps to do that here.

booking

as of 31st october 2020, you no longer will be able to receive a quote nor book on spot through safmarine.com. also from 31st december 2020, you no longer will be able to make any bookings on safmarine.com. for future bookings, please go to maersk.com and login using your safmarine username and password. 
payer standing instruction

all your current payer standing instructions are being copied over from safmarine.com to maersk.com. we will update this page once the process has been completed. 
web and print agreements

our customer service partners and sales representatives will communicate with you directly with regards to signing new maersk web/print agreements and issuing maersk bill paper. if you have questions about this, kindly reach out to your local customer service representative.

notifications

all your current notifications are being copied over from safmarine.com to maersk.com. we will update this page once the process has been completed. you can use your safmarine login details to access maersk.com portal. once you have registered and gained access to maersk.com, you can setup new notifications. click here for a guide on how to setup notifications.
favourite addresses

unfortunately, we are unable to move your favourite addresses preferences on the safmarine portal to the maersk.com portal. once you have registered and gained access to maersk.com, you will need to set your favourite addresses up again.

safmarine mobile app

as of november 15th, the safmarine mobile app will close and you will no longer be able to use it to make and manage your bookings with us. instead, you can download and use the maersk app. click here to download the maersk app for ios and android.
we are here to ensure this transition is smooth for you and your business. 
if you have any questions or concerns, please don’t hesitate to reach out to our customer service team.





questions and answers            


what is happening?
our customers are at the heart of our vision. your evolving supply chain needs are increasing the demand for multiple modes of transport and to meet these needs, we’re bringing our company’s expertise and capabilities even closer together.
integrating safmarine into maersk and infusing its passion for customers and best practice into sales and customer experience, to enhance our customers’ access to the global integrator portfolio.
integrating damco’s air and lcl products into our logistics and services products to complement our end-to-end offering, building on its strength and expertise in this field.
simplifying our organisational structure across ocean & logistics globally to further improve customer centricity and efficiency. as part of this, the back offices of maersk and hamburg süd will come closer together into more customer-centric teams, while continuing to meet customers as two separate brands with a differentiated service model.
due to the changes, the safmarine and damco brands will no longer be marketed by the end of 2020.
why are we integrating?
taking the best from three complimentary organisations (of maersk, damco and safmarine) will enable us to offer a more integrated experience across your business with us. in embracing our integrator strategy, we will better leverage capabilities, data and geographies to connect and simplify your supply chain. at the same time this gives us an opportunity to reduce internal overlaps and bring down our costs to serve.
combining our teams, we will leverage best practices to create a unified end-to-end journey you. you will see one sales force and one customer service team and one platform regardless of where in the world you require ocean and logistics services, ultimately increasing the visibility of our offering and safeguarding a seamless customer experience.
we will however always ensure that we maintain maersk's neutrality and confidentiality measures in cases where we provide you a service together with third-party transport and logistics suppliers.
how are we integrating?
this will be a gradual approach throughout 2020 to minimise disruption to your business and taking best care of our people during this period. as we integrate, we will work closely with you to find the best set-up to continue to serve you under the maersk brand.
what are the reasons for these changes?
we began this transformation journey with the vision to simplify and connect our customers' supply chains. we have continued to optimize and evolve day-by-day, listening to your needs and this is another step, allowing us to offer a seamless customer experience.
what does it mean for me as a customer, and how will i benefit from these changes?
moving forward, you will have a single point of contact for all your supply chain needs. this means that you will have more access to products and services through one partner and managing your logistics flows will become increasingly connected and simplified.
with all our products and services under one roof, there will be fewer handovers, leading to more optimized delivery of our services and making your supply chain flow with increased efficiency and resilience.  we are committed to bringing our collective expertise to you. sharing best practices and capabilities as a single team will allow us to continue to develop products and services designed to help you stay ahead and in control.
will my personal contacts remain the same?
we aim to minimize the change to our customer contacts to safeguard our strong relationships ensuring stability and continuity for you, however in individual cases there may be changes in your teams. we will be in touch if any such changes are expected.
there’s a lot going on at once – how can you ensure this transition will be smooth?
we will be doing the transition in stages and we will work closely with you to find the best future set-up and will keep you constantly informed.
will sealand be integrated into maersk?
no, it will not be integrated. sealand will remain as a separate brand under the maersk group umbrella, serving as the strong regional service provider it is today.
will twill be integrated into maersk?
no, it will not be integrated. twill will remain a separate brand under the maersk group umbrella.
will i need to take any action prior to october 1st 2020?
there is no action that you need to take. over the coming weeks we will be in close contact with you to talk through the changes and find the best set-up to continue to serve you under the maersk brand.
how do i benefit as customer from the integration of safmarine into maersk?
the safmarine way of providing customer service is proven by strong performance and growth. we want to infuse the essence of this achievement into maersk and serve our customers better across the entire organisation. similarly, maersk’s global reach will enable us to offer more relevant services across all locations and customer segments. together we will more rapidly develop and bring to market “easy to use” and 24/7-ready solutions that fulfil our customers’ supply chain and logistics needs.
by capturing the strengths of both brands, we will remove the hassles of international trade and take our customers places they have not been before.
by offering our customers better access to supply chains and logistics products and services we will take important strides towards a true integrator offering. as one, we will continue be a trusted partner to our customers, only now going every step of the way to provide end-to-end supply chain services and a seamless customer experience.

do i have to stop booking with safmarine as of 1 october 2020?
no. for your existing contracts, you can continue to use safmarine as we will gradually transition. we will work closely with you ensuring your business stability and continuity. however please note from 31st december 2020, you no longer will be able to make any bookings on safmarine.com.
can i still use safmarine.com for bookings? 
yes. for existing contracts, you can still use safmarine.com as your website. we will work with you to transition over to maersk.com, which has very similar functionalities.
does this mean that the customer’s customer service agent and sales representative will change now?
we aim to minimize the change to our customer contacts to safeguard our strong relationships ensuring stability and continuity for you, however in individual cases there may be changes in your teams. we will be in touch if any such changes are expected.
passport customers used to get certain benefits, are these now gone?
asa passport customer, close relationships were formed with our customer experience partners.  the specific care, follow-up and support delivered through the local focal will be maintained and we will minimize the changes for you to the extent possible.
what phone number does the customer call if they have a problem with their shipment?
customer can continue to reach out to their usual customer contact point. you will be informed and aligned with if changes take place.
does this mean my rate with safmarine will change?
no. any existing contract you have with safmarine will remain valid for the agreed duration. we will be in touch with you to discuss how we can serve you for new contracts under the maersk brand.
 












                you may also be interested in
                













shipping schedules

                    find out more about maersk shipping and sailing schedules based on a point-to-point search, selecting port calls and vessel schedules.
                










local information

                    find local contacts and detailed shipping information, such as detention, charges and cut off times, for your origin or destination.
                










logistics solutions

                    from farm to refrigerator and factory to wardrobe. find out how maersk is developing supply chain solutions that meet customer needs from end to end.
                














                feel free to contact us if you have any questions or concern
                
















                            sales enquiries
                        


                        contact us and we will respond within the next two working days.
                    



enquire 















                        find your local office
                    




                            select country/region
                        




















                            this field is required
                        





                    find
                



 







