







road signs for self help and personal development











road signs 
for self help and personal development

home   personal 
      development   great books 
      great books on wealth    
      reiki   
      prosperity  dealing with debt   deliberate creation 
      opportunity  
      links  




... a personal and spiritual journey and some of 
      the road signs that help me find my way…
spirit 
      has posted road signs so we are never truly lost. 



sometimes 
      the road we are traveling winds through woods and shadows.

but there 
      are signs posted if we keep our minds and hearts, as well as our eyes and 
      ears, open. 


that is 
      what self help and personal development is all about: finding tools that 
      we can use to stay in connection with all that is, and to live our dreams 
      in peace, love, abundance, health and most of all joy!
there is no destination – the journey is the thing.  


 




the key to life, health, happiness, abundance, 
      and love is simply this:

love your self & live in connection with your higher power.
       
law of attraction

deliberate creation

creative visualization

books



personal growth products & services

meditation

affirmations

personal development
spiritual renewal
self discovery
well being
prosperity
dealing with credit and debt
debt slavery
tools for prosperity
great books for prosperity and abundance
law of attraction
deliberate creation

creative visualization
great books

inspirational newsletters

road signs for the 
      journey newsletter archive

meditation

affirmations

reiki

links
 
 



 

mississippi crossings

a web site
      to display my articles and
      photographs

 




i have discovered a few things on my path:


god 
      (spirit, universal intelligence, divine mind) is  
      all that is - the source of all life, health, happiness, 
      abundance, and love. 


when i am 
      most closely connected with all that is, i am joy, love, abundance. the 
      more joy i experience, the more closely connected i am with all that is.
      
      so when i feel good, i feel my connection with god.
      


thought creates reality. 
      what we focus upon and put energy, attention, and feeling into we create 
      more of, whether we want it or not. 





selfgrowth.com, the no. 1 self-help and 
      personal development web site according to both yahoo and google, has 
      updated and relaunched their expanded web site. look for my latest 
      articles along with literally 1000s of experts - articles on 100s of 
      personal growth topics. find it here.  
 




self help  



the only self help that ever 
      works is this: 
love your self & live in connection with your higher power. 
 



get to know yourself; look into your heart and choose what you 
      really want, then ask for that.



      go within and look for the road signs to guide your path. 



use tools that empower you.  



      there is nothing wrong with you - you are good enough just the way you 
      are. you have the power to be, do, and have whatever you decide you want. 








david cameron gikandi's 
      (r)evolutionscape   
the amazing 
      lifestyle creation formula 
- 

you can, 
      indeed, experience the life of your choosing. 
law of attraction
what we think about, what 
      we hold in our minds and put our attention and energy into, we draw into 
      our experience in one form or another.   whoever we believe we are, we become.  with our 
      thoughts, beliefs, and emotions, we create our life. 
      law of attraction works every time, no exceptions!

deliberate creation

      deliberate creation is the art and science of choosing the life we want to live. 
      it's a simple formula.

creative visualization


      creative visualization is clearly picturing a desired object or outcome 
      and focusing intention and creative energy on it so intently that it is 
      created in our reality. it is the conscious application of deliberate 
      creation.  
three keys to 
      successful creative visualization (pdf format)
 great 
      authors, great books

books provide information and 
      tools to handle what ever has come up on my journey, as well as comfort, 
      inspiration, 
      and new ideas.  

       
inspirational 
      newsletters
newsletters are like good friends sending you a message of hope and 
      encouragement. click here to see the ones i subscribe to.  look for 
      back issues of my newsletter road signs for the 
      journey.  
 
(back to top)
 


meditation

      meditation is my way to connect with all that is. prayer is like talking 
      with my higher power, and meditation is like listening. meditation focuses 
      my thoughts and awareness in higher consciousness. it soothes me, calms 
      me, and helps me stay in the flow of life, of now. 

(back to top)






 

 
 
 


affirmations

affirmations 
      are positive statements that we choose to immerse in our consciousness in 
      connection with the law of deliberate creation. if what we put our 
      thoughts and attention on expands, then it makes sense to choose thoughts 
      that feel good and that create good things in our lives. write or speak 
      these affirmations as much as possible for great results. 
best resources for using affirmations:

 i 
      deserve love by sondra ray. 

 you can heal your life by louise hay 

 creative visualization by shakti gawain

any thing written by catherine ponder.
 








the science of getting rich  

      download your free copy of 
      "the science of getting rich" written by wallace 
      wattles in 1910. 

      "whatever may be said in praise of poverty, the fact remains that it is 
      not possible to live a really complete or or successful life unless one is 
      rich. no one can rise to his greatest possible height in talent or soul 
      development unless he has plenty of money, for to unfold the soul and to 
      develop talent he must have many things to use, and he cannot have these 
      things unless he has money to buy them with." wallace wattles, the science 
      of getting rich, chapter 1 

(back to top) 




dream minder – get in touch with your dreams
if you don’t know what you 
      want, how will you know when you get it? dream minder by paul bauer is a 
      beautiful software program with great journaling space, beautiful graphics 
      and music. check out the free newsletter. the short articles lift 
      your spirits and the meditations are short and sweet. (back to top) 




discover your life's dreams and purpose
(back to top)



 

visit 
      the official abraham-hicks youtube site:
      
      http://www.youtube.com/user/abrahamhicks
 
visit 
      http://www.abraham-hicks.com for the official web site for esther and 
      jerry hicks and the teachers called abraham. look for cds, dvds, and books 
      to answer your asking. search the archives for quotes and articles. 
      answers to your heart's content. 

        inspirational quotes from abraham hicks 






about me - a 
      short personal history of sharon walls, creator of this web site. 


i do not send e-mails with attachments from my web 
        site... if you get one, unless you have specifically asked for it, 
        delete it.  keep your system safe...  
in the end all roads lead to more love, more acceptance of self and 
      others, and more joy. nothing wrong with that.
take what you can use from what i share with you, leave the rest.

(back to top)




 



click here for 
  centerpointe



 

  contact information and disclaimer. 
please use anything you can from 
  what i offer. if it is on this page, i liked it or found it 
  useful. but that doesn't mean it will work for you. any problems or complaints 
  with any thing here will be between you and that company. i recommend 
  it, but i am not guaranteeing that it will work for you or be right for you. if you have questions, you can ask me. 
disclaimer: i make no representation 
  as to the content of the information contained at any of the linked web sites. 
  they are not endorsed nor recommended, but are presented as information only. 
  i expressly deny liability and undertake no responsibility for the results or 
  consequences of using any of these sites. sites that are expiring may be taken 
  over and replaced with undesirable content. please report these so that  we 
  can remove them. 




home

great books



personal development
 


meditation


       deliberate creation




affirmations


reiki



prosperity



links

 creative 
      visualization



       


(back to top)
i am always adding and updating. please visit again soon and remember, 
we are all exactly where we need to be, doing exactly what we need to be 
  doing.
 a personal web site by sharon walls – contact me at
  sharon@swroadsigns.com
  sharon walls, p. o. box 4475, university, ms 38677


