



shenandoah restoration - trunk hardware,  trunk restorers, restoration hardware, supplies, parts,









 







               



complete restoration, motor  repair, spring replacement, governor repair,  refinishing, needles  &  parts.






we receive  email & phone calls daily from people who are restoring their own trunk asking for advice, hints, and procedures, help, etc.visit our tricks of the trade and handy hints page  for  help!!click here now!





these pages have been viewed over 20,730,266 times since september 2003 
 


phonograph repair | hardware sales | contact us | links



before/after photos i stock room 
 shenandoah antique restorationdealers and restorers of steamer trunks,antique phonographs & hardware 
    


contact us:1-800-575-1960 / 580-951-0234email: info@shenandoahrestoration.com






order our new catalog and price list.complete listing of:  furniture, hoosier cabinet, trunk, telephone, chair caning, wood parts/veneer, oil lamp hardware, refinishing aids, supplies, and chemicals.  over 2,000 items$7.00 each






559 sw belmont avelawton, oklahoma 73501











 testimonials  i 



comments and reference letters  from some of our past customersread what people are saying about the services and products  at shenandoah restoration!!!















 



















we have restored, refinished and repaired since 2003. over 1000 antique trunks have passed through our hands. we also sell trunk hardware and supplies for the do-it-yourselfer.  do you have an old steamer trunk sitting in your attic, basement, or storage building? wouldn't you love to have it restored to its original condition and usefulness?? perhaps you have started to repair it and didn't finish it or just don't have the time.old trunks are like time capsules and hold so much history inside of them. after restoration they make great accent pieces and are very useful for storage of heirlooms, quilts etc.flat top trunks can be restored to make a great coffee table.dome top trunks make great blanket chests, etc. after refinishing.let us take your cherished antique trunk and restore and/or refinish it to your liking .we love to do antique trunk restoration. send us your old tin or canvas covered trunk for restoring or refinishing.here at shenandoah restoration we prefer to restore your trunk as close as possible to the way it was when it was manufactured years ago. as with any refinishing project any new parts or materials we use will be an exact copy or as close a match as we can obtain.to inquire about how to  have an antique trunk restored by shenandoah, please call or  email and we can  estimate your restoration work by using pictures of your trunk.800-575-1960  or  email         info@shenandoahrestoration.com



     
 


 


click here to see before and after trunk restoration pictures






if you prefer to use a personal check or money ordersclick here to go to  the    order form pageyou may also phone your order in and pay with  your credit card          1-800-575-1960



    


complete restoration, of antique steamer trunks, dome top, flat top, leather refinishing.original trunk restoration.






trunk repair parts found here



 


each year, the lawton award program identifies companies that we believe have achieved exceptional marketing success in their local community and business category. these are local companies that enhance the positive image of small business through service to their customers and our community. these exceptional companies help make the lawton area a great place to live, work and play. the 2021 lawton award program focuses on quality, not quantity.shenandoah restoration is honored to accept this award








