



	frozen dough, baked fresh and frozen breads, retail bread | gonnella baking co


























skip to main content










gonnella baking co








retailers


grocers


in-store bakeries


convenience stores


delis




food service


restaurants & qsr


concessions


healthcare


schools & universities




food manufacturers


contract baking


private label products


custom baking solutions




consumers


careers


 

 








 




 








    frozen dough   

    baked frozen breads   

    thaw 'n sell   

    custom baking solutions   

    consumer items   
 

 


		welcome to gonnella.

we've been baking since 1886.
		for over 130 years gonnella baking company has maintained a commitment to superior quality bakery products combined with a special standard of customer service. we are proud of the successes we have achieved, as well as those of our many partners. learn about all gonnella has to offer and how we can contribute to your success when you visit the sections on this site. we invite you to contact us if you have questions or would like more information. because at gonnella, we bake to differ!


 







  

  gonnella news

  keep caught up with the happenings here at the bakery! read more





		check out our videos

click here to visit our youtube channel



  

		the employee milestone recognition

		gonnella extends its appreciation and warmest congratulations to the employees who are celebrating their anniversaries this year. read more












  

		the gonnella story

		a family saga of people, progress and hard work. read more



  

		committed to our environment

click here to learn about how gonnella is committed to helping preserve our environment for future generations. 










 

		gonnella is making a positive impact

		learn how gonnella has established a tradition of giving back to the neighborhoods it serves. read more




 





gonnella

contact gonnella | about gonnella | news & announcements | working at gonnella | vendor opportunities | faqs | sales administration

frozen dough | baked frozen breads | thaw 'n sell | custom baking solutions | consumer items 

frozen dough training videos | gonnella videos

gonnella baking company | 1117 e wiley rd., schaumburg, il  60173 | p 800-262-3442 | f 847-884-4898

© 2025 gonnella baking company, all right reserved | privacy policy | site map






close










