





















computer science & engineering | p.c. rossin college of engineering & applied science


































skip to main content



 
 

computer science & engineering



rossin college
apply
events
giving
  
 
 






menu 
search 
apply / inquire





        the following menu has two levels. use arrow keys to navigate between them.
      
 cse home
 aboutdiversity, equity, & inclusion (dei)

 academicsspring 2025 courses
previous schedules
undergraduate
graduate
cse course index
approved transfer credit courses
capstone project
forms
admissions
advising
accreditation

 researchresearch areas
summer reu

 peoplefaculty
courtesy appointments
emeritus faculty
staff
doctoral students
student groups

 newssocial media
faculty openings
staff openings
work study openings

 contactinvest in student success
engage with excellence

search
inquire
 




search form

search 





 












 
read more 

 






 
read more 

 






 
read more 

 






 
read more 

 



 


you are herehome 














 





lehigh bursts onto the blockchain scene. | read more >>




computer science and engineering lies at the core of modern society. from financial technologies to social media to medical imaging, it mediates the very fabric by which we interact. this department is a diverse community of scholars and students who strive to contribute to impactful and fast changing fields of study and research in computer science. 
our faculty conduct cutting-edge research and develop novel teaching innovations across numerous areas, both in traditional foundations and in novel interdisciplinary applications. examples include artificial intelligence, bioinformatics, data mining, robotics, software systems and security, computer networking, and computer vision. our faculty have research funded by competitive sources including nsf, darpa, nih, and other federal and state agencies, as well as leading companies in the field. our students experience a variety of innovative and adaptive pedagogical approaches that support learning as an individualized process including active learning strategies, project-based and experiential learning, as well as direct personal attention from instructional staff (professors, teaching assistants and undergraduate graders).
the department is committed to ensuring that all members of our community feel safe, valued and welcome. we invite you to view the diversity, equity, and inclusion (dei) committee webpage for additional information. 
contact us to learn about our dynamic research and graduate and undergraduate educational programs.
| read more >>
department news


  
 news briefs
lehigh's research impact reaches new heights with r1 statusthu, feb 13,  2025  

  
 news briefs
ai seminar: lichao sunmon, feb 10,  2025  

  
 news briefs
lehigh launches university research centers focused on critical health and energy challengesthu, feb 6,  2025  

  
 faculty & programs
prof. vinod namboodiri named inaugural forlenza endowed chair in health innovation and technologywed, jan 29,  2025  

 











 


faculty searches - tenure-track | more >>
 

  

 


considering grad school? talk to us!
questions about courses? research experience? life on campus? let's set up some time to chat!
 • meet with a grad student
	 • meet with an advisor
 

  

 





want to support cs education and research at lehigh?
give to cse




 

  

 


events




 
airlab seminar series  
 fri, feb 21,  2025 - 12:30 pm to 01:30 pm  


view all events 
 







back to top













p.c. rossin college ofengineering & applied
                    science



(610) 758 4025




                            19 memorial drive w.
                            lehigh university
                            bethlehem, pa
                            18015
                        



engineering@lehigh.edu











 computer science & engineering 
 building c
113 research drive
lehigh mountaintop campus
bethlehem, pa 18015
 
 p: (610) 758-3065 
 linkedin @lehighcse
instagram @lehighcse
facebook @lehighcse
contact cse
  

 






            © 2025            lehigh university.
            all rights reserved








