












home | sea around us














































skip to content







menu
tools & data
getting started

sea around us tools
sea around us methods index
fact sheet
frequently asked questions
citation policy
terms and conditions


publications

journal articles
chapters in books & reports
books and reports
newsletters
sea around us reports
theses
working papers
citations


news

blog
newspapers
video
new research
magazines
radio & tv interviews
other media


people
board
indian ocean
projects
partners
donate
about
 







we present fisheries and fisheries-related data at spatial scales that have ecological and policy relevance, such as by exclusive economic zones, high seas, or large marine ecosystems.






recent news 
ubc researchers launch africa-ubc oceans & fisheries visiting fellows program
university of british columbia researchers dr. rashid sumaila and dr. daniel pauly have launched the africa-ubc oceans & fisheries visiting fellows program, whose goal is to inspire exceptional young african researchers to develop ocean and freshwater sustainability solutions.
learn more →
 

about 
the sea around us is a research initiative at the university of british columbia (located at the institute for the oceans and fisheries, formerly fisheries centre) that assesses the impact of fisheries on the marine ecosystems of the world, and offers mitigating solutions to a range of stakeholders.
read more →
the sea around us was initiated in collaboration with the pew charitable trusts in 1999, and in 2014, the sea around us also began a collaboration with the paul g. allen family foundation to provide african and asian countries with more accurate and comprehensive fisheries data.
we provide data and analyses through view data, articles in peer-reviewed journals, and other media (news). we regularly update our products at the scale of countries’ exclusive economic zones, large marine ecosystems, the high seas and other spatial scales, and as global maps and summaries.
we emphasize catch time series starting in 1950, and related series (e.g., landed value and catch by flag state, fishing sector and catch type), and fisheries-related information on every maritime country (e.g., government subsidies, marine biodiversity). information is also offered on sub-projects, e.g., the historic expansion of fisheries, the performance of regional fisheries management organizations, or the likely impact of climate change on fisheries.
the information and data presented on this website is freely available to any user, granted that its source is acknowledged. we are aware that this information may be incomplete. please let us know about this via the feedback options available on this website.

 

partners & sub-projects 
the sea around us has several key research partners who collaborate with us on an ongoing basis. in addition, we engage with occasional, targeted sub-projects based on issues of common interest.
read more →
 








© 2016-2024 sea around us
contact us
citation policy
privacy policy
terms and conditions

                view code on github 

























