









home | bpa








































 















 



 

bpa has partnered with wlt and talon to keep our groups compliant while championing savings for members with our price comparison tool.
log in for more information
 
 

how else is bpa keeping you compliant and saving money?
find out
 
 
 
 











about
who we serve

members
advisors
employers
providers


products & solutions

plans
solutions
networks


resources
contact us
machine readable files
user login










 
 
  












benefits thatdo morefor members.

 
 
 
 



bpa offers industry-leading health solutions that
 
truly benefit our clients & their employees.
 
bpa helps employers save money on self-funded benefit plans that support employees in living their bestlife. we do this with best-in-class technology, innovative cost-saving strategies, and above all, strong relationships.
 
 
 
 





members
access your plan


 
 



advisors
learn more


 
 



employers
learn more


 
 



providers
log in


 
 
 
 









advisor testimonialinnovation and creativity are paramount to capturing savings without sacrificing quality of services. bpa has met us at the intersection of industry-leading solutions for vendor integration and the essential requirement of plan functionality. all too often there are great programs available to self-funded employers, but deploying them in a way that doesn’t complicate the member experience is a critical challenge. bpa delivers uniquely on this with their solutions.
satisfied advisor
 

 
 





client testimonialbpa has been such a good choice for our employees. they can deal with life’s health situations in an economical and efficient manner. we have been very happy with bpa.
satisfied client
 

 
 





client testimoniali am confident you will not be disappointed with bpa’s benefit packages and customer service. whenever i have a question or need help, someone is always there to assist.
satisfied client
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



more than a
benefits partner
 
we’re here to provide benefits that make it easy and enjoyable for members to live their bestlife and keeping health costs affordable.
with the utilization of a bpa plan, employers and members will have access to the highest quality care from nationwide networks, the latest in health and wellness support, industry-leading data analytics tools and an expert team dedicated to your success.
 
 

innovative solutions

strategic cost-containment and risk management for health plans.

care management
data analytics
compliance


rx benefits management
bestlife wellness
telemedicine


 
customized plan design


self-funding
level funding
reference-based pricing (rbp)


minimum essential coverage (mec)
supplemental insurance


 
flexible networks


cigna national network
first health
multiplan


direct contacts with local hospitals
choice of top-rated pbms


 
 
 
 



see how much your organization can save with acustomized health plan from bpa.
request a cost analysis
 
 
 
 






solutions



 




webinar archive



 




see the bpa difference



 
 
 



bpa values

innovation

responsiveness

conscientiousness

service

commitment

community

 
 
 
 




 
 
 
  

 
 
 







 

about
who we serve
products & solutions
resources
privacy policy
 
 

contact us
machine readable files
user login
data breach notice
 
 


benefit plan administrators
po box 11746 roanoke, va 24022
phone: 800.277.8973
fax: 540.345.2769
marketing@bpatpa.com


 
 
 


© 2021 bpa inc. all rights reserved.
 
 
 
  

 

 



































