

ct real estate, condos, new construction,stamford real estate, greenwich real estate, stamford condos, greenwich condos 












 
 
 

stamford,
  greenwich real estate,realtor, condosos
  to waterfront
  estates a
  tangible difference in real estate




 long island sound 

      my
        team and i are here to deliver real estate results with a tangible difference.
        you'll
        see the difference
        in how closely we focus on your needs... how effectively we tailor our
        offerings... and how we exceed your expectations. 

      whether you are seeking to purchase
        one of our wonderful connecticut homes or condominiums for
        the first time, relocating to lower fairfield county, in the market to
        build a
        new home in connecticut, buying real estate for the
        first time, interested in waterfront
        real estate in stamford,
        greenwich, or  lower fairfield county, or curious
        about the value of your property, you'll appreciate our:

focus
focusing on your objectives is our goal. whether you plan to move in a week,
need
to sell your home quickly or your plans are to move in a year, we can assist
you
in understanding our connecticut real estate market and achieving
your goals. 

whatever your interest in ct real estate, we are here to assist
you and provide you with the most comprehensive and up to date information available
in our marketplace.
      

    we are a small boutique firm who specializes in relocation services. 
 

  



        the cove
    beach in stamford ct
real estate
          news in ct
      by christina tracy 
visit the links below for area information 

if
        you are in the market for a condo. the condominium section of this web
        site provides descriptions along with photos of many condos in lower
        fairfield county connecticut. 

the real estate articles below were
featured in stamford plus magazine

stamford homes and coastal
        real estate 
stamford real estate proposed condos 

other pages contain additional writings about real estate development
in stamford, greenwich, norwalk and lower fairfield county.

 trump parc
      tower stamford  
  




greenwich
      point, on a clear day you will see manhattan's skyline from this connecticut
    shoreline. 



bayely beach in
      rowayton ct 


real
          estate
          guidance
providing you with the information you need to make smart decisions and using
the tools to command the highest amount from your investments. there are many
aspects of the real estate transaction and we have resources and affiliations
with the very best professionals who provide financial and legal services key
to a successful real estate transaction. 




 

 real
        estate agents and  realtor®'s,members of the national association
        of realtors, the connecticut association of realtors, greenwich multiple
        listing service and the consolidated multiple listing service. realtor® who
        are active in the stamford, greenwich, westport and lower fairfield county,
        ct real estate
        markets
      .



the five mile
        river in rowayton ct 


we
          will provide you access to the very best connecticut
        realtors      if you look outside of the area! we have worked
        closely and maintain many relationships with          ct realtors
        in our area  and realtors® throughout
        lower fairfield county and westchester county. (visit
         partner links).




 
townhouses to
        waterfront properties, serving stamford, norwalk, darien & greenwich




online
            real estate expertise 
did you know that
              85% of home buyers search the web at some point during their home
              buying process! we actively use technology to interact with buyers
              and sellers along with making sure your real estate listings
              have the best exposure online. we provide automated email listings
              for stamford, greenwich and lower fairfield so you are able to
              recieve home listing infomation as soon as it is available in the
              realtor databases. this
        is a great way to learn the local real estate market. 






large
              rock formations near the 
greenwich ct harbor 


 



indian harbor yacht club in greenwich ct
sound
            marketing and business sense

"coastal and country real estate” we are committed to providing
a superior level of informed, professional real estate services to both buyers
and sellers along the connecticut shoreline. from condos to waterfront properties..
 marketing your
            home and making small updates or changes have a high impact when
            selling a property. we will work with you and provide you with the
          best marketing strategy when
          it is
          time
          for
          you
          to sell
          your
          home. 

        it is our goal for you to receive the highest possible return in the
        shortest period of time when selling your property. if you are looking
        to buy
        a home or relocate to the area, our relocation services are comprehensive.
        we know the local real estate market and will help educate and guide
        you throughout your relocation.

        interest rates are
                  very favorable and there are some excellent opportunites in
        our real estate market. 

        please see our home buyers's pages and home
        selling page's for
                  additional real estate information. we welcome the opportunity
        to meet with you and provide you
          with a market
          evaluation
          of your
                  home
                  and also answer any real estate questions you might have about
        new construction, buying your first home, waterfront properties, investment
        properties, or other real estate activity in stamford, greenwich or lower
      fairfield ct. 
call
              203 273 5810 or email ctracy@christinatracy.com to receive

        *a marketing consultation on your home
        *information about real estate activity in our area
        *helpful hints on approving the appeal of your home

        sincerely,
        
 relocation information
christina tracy and
        associates
        realtor® 

from condos to waterfront estates.. stamford, greenwich,
        westport, norwalk and lower fairfield county real estate. 
        coastal and country real estate in lower fairfield county ct





a view from
    riverside ct 


 


 




partner
            links 
real
        estate links

this
              site features greenwich real estate, greenwich homes for sale,
            greenwich home buying information,stamford connecticut real estate,
            stamford homes for sale, stamford condos
            for sale, daily
            e-mail updates
            of
            all
              new mls real estate listings in stamford ct, greenwich ct and norwalk
              ct, stamford home values, greenwich home values, relocation to
              stamford ct, relocation to greenwich. thinking about buying a
              home,
              condo,
              other real estate property or in stamford, ct or greenwich? you
            will find real estate tips and information throughout the site. 

          please be sure to visit christina's featured
           homes pages and condominium pages for additional real
           estate information along with photo's
           and brief discriptions of condos for sale in ct, waterfront condominiums,
           luxury
           condominiums 
          ,home utility information 
           there is also a guide
           to buying condos in greenwich, stamford and norwalk connecticut 
          along with new construction in stamford, greenwich and norwalk ct.
          updates  including trump parc tower, highgrove
          stamford luxury condominiums,
          the
          gables in stamford and the village at maple point  and
other proposed condos. there are also area descriptions for stamford and greenwich
neighborhoods.
in addition you will find home
selling
forms, home buyer's articles with tips for reading your home for
sale.
i have also included a new
construction glossary with definitions and terms and
home information and
connecticut
real estate statistics 


          favorite real estate articles from friends at abc real estate on home
selling
home
          buying , mortgage
          articles and advice , credit
          articles & advice
real
          estate and mortgage glossary & definitions 


 this
              site is updated frequently to reflect the latest information about
              stamford, greenwich, norwalk and lower fairfield county ct
              real estate, homes for sale, luxury homes, waterfront homes, investment
            properties, condos, condominiums. 

christina tracy & associates specializing  in stamford,
            greenwich to westport real estate.

 call 
        for a free real estate consultation. i am very happy to take your call
        at 203-273-5810
        
        or send an email with the best time to reach you to :christina
        tracy 
http://www.christinatracy.com
         
 






