

 







home - american baler company | industrial baler | baling machines






























































 







skip to content































menu 



homemarkets box plant balers waste baler for printers / converters distribution centers mrf’s metal baler for non-ferrous recycling baler for recycler / broker document destruction municipal plastic baler baler cardboard misc textile clothing balerproducts purchase closed door full eject series auto-tie horizontal baler pac series horizontal baler 29n single ram series baler dc balers 42w series single ram horizontal baler 43hs balers automatic baling machine occ – high production horizontal baler two-ram balers wb two ram baler series nb two ram baler series two / 2 ram balercustomer install profilesmedia press releasefind a dealercontact us request quote faqs meet our teamcareer opportunitiesdocuments










 















winter weather advisory
employees should call 567-214-4393 or check back here for for delays or cancellations













 







welcome to
american baler company









read more







































horizontal hydraulic baling 
press manufacturers



established in 1945, american baler company is one of the oldest and most respected baler manufacturers in the world. we manufacture a complete line of balers so that we can provide solutions to customers in a wide range of industries. these products include manual-tie and auto-tie single ram horizontal balers and two ram auto-tie balers for both low-volume and high-production applications. american baler company specializes in highly efficient balers that are designed to keep energy costs and baling wire consumption to a minimum.headquartered in bellevue, ohio, american baler company has provided baling solutions to customers around the world. we build quality machines that are designed to provide years of reliable service for our customers. 







































american baler company maintains a progressive engineering department utilizing the latest design technology and a dedicated group of field service technicians who are available to assist you with knowledgeable and practical solutions to help you keep your baler operating productively for many years.
american baler company has the support of a worldwide dealer network. our dealers are trained to help you find the right baler for your application and to provide ongoing local parts and service support after baler start-up.
american baler is an avis industrial company


























 






play video






















american baler’s two-ram baler was designed specifically for scrap metals and other recycling materials to ensure maximum product being compressed with each stroke.
the decco alloys unit features the “stamper” option, which automatically clears material off the shear knife and assures automatic bailing with minimum operator involvement.




































american baler company is a proud member of the avis industrial recycling & waste equipment division.









 




































 




headquartered in bellevue, ohio 




(800) 843-7512 










 




sales@americanbaler.com 
























































homemarketsproductspurchasecustomer install profilesmediafind a dealerrequest quote




















© 2023, american baler company. all rights reserved.



















 








scroll to top


















