


autoharp music tips









































home
books
autoharps
accessories
music 
      & cds
directory
store
autoharp radio  
 



autoharp music tips
listen to autoharp and chromaharp music by autoharpists online
 the autoharp and chromaharp 
										(aka chorded zither) are exceptional instruments. they have a unique sound that 
										when played slowly has an almost harp-like sound, but when played with full fervent 
										strums, their sound is all their own. most commonly used for old-timey music, 
										you'll also hear the autoharp used in bluegrass, country, celtic, folk, pop, rock, 
										jazz and really just about every style under the sun, with the only limit being 
										your imagination. it's the perfect instrument for the beginner who is new to music 
										to the experienced professional.
									
follow marc gunn on spotify
who is marc gunn?
marc 
										gunn is a celtic folk songwriter and autoharpist who performs with the brobdingnagian 
										bards. he began playing the autoharp in 1997 and has since then introduced the 
										instrument to thousands of people worldwide through chart-topping mp3s through 
										which his group has attained international success. he hopes to use his music 
										to renew the public passion for the autoharp as it was in the days of the carter 
										family.
									
to successfully play the autoharp and chromaharp, you need:
 an autoharp or chromaharpa tuning wrencha chromatic tunerand no other prior musical knowledge

that's one of the great things about the autoharp. it's been hailed as a wonderful instrument for children and elderly, because it is simple and easy to play. the most difficult thing about playing the autoharp is tuning it!
is the autoharp only for beginners?

not 
										a chance! there are some absolutely amazing autoharpists out there. that's one of the reasons i started this site. i wanted to "hear" all the great autoharpists that are out there around the world.
									
master autoharpists like bryan bowers, karen mueller, lindsay haisley, les gustafson-zook, mary umbarger, carol stober, bob woodcock, meg peterson, roz brown, ivan stiles, cathy britell, nathan sarvis, patsy stoneman, mike fenton, carey dubert, tina louise barr, the carter family, alan mager, evo bluestein, harvey reid, and john mccutcheon, to name a few, can be found worldwide.
with patience and a lot of practice, anyone can turn this simple instruments into a musical gem that'll be the envy of all your friends. 
what's the difference between the autoharp and chromaharp?
the main difference between the autoharp and chromaharp is the brand name. the autoharp is the generic name that is most commonly associated with oscar schmidt the chief manufacturers. the chromaharp is a trademarked name from rhythm band. you'll also find custom luthiers who make customized autoharps. the prices are usually much higher, but the quality is worth it!
getting started with autoharp music
   find out more info about how to get started listening to autoharp music online and finding free folk music downloads available online.
the 
									beginner's guide to purchasing an autoharp
 with a little luck and 
									  persistence, you can find a great deal on an autoharp to get started playing today!
how 
									to play the autoharp - books, videos & other education material
 i first learned to play music using books by meg peterson. since then i found 
									  a few other fantastic books for building up your autoharp chops. includes my top 
									  5 pick of autoharp books to learn from.

autoharps! - my pick of the best newbie autoharps 
everyone has their own preference 
									  of autoharps. mine are the economical and nice sounding autoharps by oscar scmidt. 
									  here's a few cool picks as well as some luthiers you can contact for custom autoharps.
save 
									with a chromaharp
 chromaharps cost less in general and make great 
									  starter instruments.
autoharp repair kit
everything you need to fix your autoharp when you're on the go.
finding 
							    autoharp cds
 there are a growing number of autoharpists recording 
									  music. the tough part though is that most of them don't sell online. i've compiled 
									  a list of those that do have cds you can put online.
looking for autoharp musicians and performers
this is the most-comprehensive list of autoharpers i have been able to create. i'm still building it. you can help by offering suggestions. 
autoharps 
									accessories
 need a tuner? tuning wrench? picks? strings? i found 
									  some great deals on all.
how 
									do i get added to the autoharp radio station?
 it's easy and free to 
									  do. if you have recorded autoharp music and want to get heard, click here!
marc 
									gunn's favorite autoharp links
 links to other useful autoharp and 
									  chromaharp websites.
listen 
									  to marc gunn's autoharp radio
 i've compiled 
									  a wonderful list of autoharp music that you can listen to on a streaming internet 
									  radio station. listen and enjoy!
contact 
									   marc gunn
 personal information about me, my poetry, photography, 
									  free autoharp music, and contact information.
 












copyright 1999-2020
marc gunn - celtic american music and podcaster -
talk to me
thank you for supporting autoharp music tips

















