                  emerald gardens, inc., unique and creative landscapes                      
              emerald gardens, inc.    homeservicestestimonialsportfoliocontactteamblog               emerald gardens, inc.         homeservicestestimonialsportfoliocontactteamblog    emerald gardens, inc.unique & creative landscapesvideopraphy  services designfree onsite consultations
2d and 3d design
color rendering
detailed itemized proposalslearn moreinstallationlandscaping
night lighting
irrigation
outdoor kitchens
artificial turf
pergola's , decks & arborslearn moremaintenancemow, blow & edge
mulching
pruning
seasonal flowers
fertilization
insect & weed controllearn moretestimonialsall      we've worked with emerald gardens for nearly a year. from the initial landscaping of our new home, as well as weekly maintenance, these are good people. the yard is wonderful, and the management keeps its promises and backs its work. great company. michael maxwell  |  google review      i have dealt with many landscaping companies in my lifetime. i can say with 100% assurance that ricky has been by far the best. he's professional, listens, very friendly and most of all a great communicator.
we started out with one project and we have hired ricky for 2 additional projects due to his outstanding service!!!!! kevin chamberlain  |  google review      i have been collaborating with ricky for several years, not only is he very talented he is very dependable, a great problem solver with good designs. his knowledge of horticulture is superior to most landscape architects that i have dealt with. highly recommended!! chris forstall  |  google review      love working with this firm. everything that's promised is delivered. but what's more important to me is the communication. i almost always get a hold of whoever i need and if not the call back is quick. they truly care about making the customer happy. parker ewing  |  google review  portfolioresidentalcommercial     about us emerald gardens, inc. is a full-service landscape firm founded in 1995. over the past 23 years, we have been fortunate enough to have designed, installed, and maintained some of the most incredible landscapes from baton rouge to new orleans and throughout the southeast region. at emerald gardens, inc. we offer state of the art design services with 3d technology complemented by the professional installation of landscaping, night lighting, outdoor kitchens, swimming pools, decks & arbors, hardscape & stonework, and artificial turf. 
we support all of our installations with a full-service landscape maintenance program with basic services such as mowing, but all an extensive horticultural program including pest & fungus control, along with turf, tree, and shrub fertilization. you can even gear your program to include seasonal flowers, mulching, and pruning. 
we are not striving to be the largest landscape companies in our region. we are constantly striving to develop one on one relationships with our clients, along with providing superior design, installation, and maintenance that is a reflection of our clients wants, needs, and budget.         contact       45357 joe guedry rd, st amant, la 70774    225-413-4295  m-f 6:30 am - 4:00 pm
saturday: closed
sunday : closed                                  contact us                teamallricky rothpresident / ceo ricky founded emerald gardens, inc. in 1995. with a background in landscape architecture at lsu. he set out to build a landscape firm based on designs that were a true reflection of the owners. ricky is a louisiana licensed landscape contractor, horticulturist, chemical applicator, and general contractor.james cannonoperations manager    +1225-413-4295james was the first employee of emerald gardens, inc. back in 1995 and now runs the day to day operations. with over 25 years of experience in landscape design, installation, irrigation, night lighting, chemical applications, and maintenance, he has the skill set to meet any of your landscaping needs.daniel ducotelandscape installation supervisor    225-572-5518dan worked for one of the largest irrigation and night lighting suppliers in the baton rouge area for 5 years before going out into the field to spotlight his expertise. he has over 10 years of experience in all areas of landscaping, irrigation, and night lighting.robert louis scottmaintenance supervisorwith over 17 years of experience in the landscaping industry, robert specializes in maintenance revolving around chemical application which helps fight against plant diseases and harmful insects, making sure that our plants grow healthy and to their full potential.blog03febnight lighting to enhance your landscaping 02/03/2018 03:52 pmhere are some exciting new lighting ideas for 2018read more03febwhat are the best seasonal flowers for spring 2018 02/03/2018 03:48 pmhere are some of the best performing spring color flowersread more03febwhat chemical applications should you perform in march 02/03/2018 03:45 pmfertilizers & insecticides to be applied in marchread more03febwhat to do with freeze burnt plants??? 02/03/2018 12:00 amdo you have palms that are brown or plants that have literally melted during the hard freeze?read more     homeservicestestimonialsportfoliocontactteamblog                        copyright © 2025 all rights reserved - emerald gardens, inc.            225-413-4295           45357 joe guedry rd, st amant, la 70774                                             