




        
	
    auto repair | salt lake county | hinckley automotive


    

































  






toggle navigation







home
about
services
deals






 801-484-8883

 (801) 484-5883
⁣⁣ schedule service















we are closing
hinckley  automotive has been proud to serve the country's greatest automotive community for decades but it is time for us to close our doors. 
we feel grateful to have upheld the hinckley name in service, products, and quality care. please reach out with any questions or concerns. 
thank you for a wild ride! and as always, play hard and stay safe. 
-ha team 











⁣ schedule service


⁣ special offers


⁣ our services


 call now





hinckley automotive since 1915
 
having been in the automotive industry for over 100 years, we have learned to adapt and overcome many challenges. throughout this time, we have expanded our knowledge and expertise in the ever-evolving automotive world. our unique shop in salt lake city provides full service and maintenance on all makes and models, including imports and diesel engines. we offer everything from general repair to replacement for brakes, transmissions, and tires. we truly are the one-stop-shop for all vehicles. 
why choose us for your automotive repairs and maintenance?
at hinckley automotive, our commitment to quality service is second to none, and as our customer, our top priority is your peace of mind and a job well done. we offer free courtesy shuttles for pickup and delivery. is your car stuck somewhere? we offer free towing with repair and rental car assistance. we accept all insurance companies and accept credit card payments making it easier to get the service you need. 
⁣ request a quote






10% off parts & labor 
 
⁣ schedule now






hinckley automotive services




diagnosis & repair
gas & dieseltune-ups
electrical systems
factory scheduled maintenance
timing belt & water pump
brakes & tires






heating & air conditioning
suspension & front end
race shop
transmissions &  clutch replacement
free towing*






experience you can trust, quality you can count on
salt lake city, utah's maintenance and automotive experts
  meet the team




for your convenience





⁣  rental car assistance
⁣  free courtesy shuttle, pickup & delivery
⁣  all insurance companies accepted
⁣  credit card payments accepted:
⁣  visa, mastercard, american express, and discover













satisfaction guaranteed
at hinckley automotive, our commitment to quality is second to none. our maintenance, paint, glass, and detailing services are performed with your satisfaction in mind from start to finish. let us solve all of your car troubles. schedule an appointment by clicking the button below or call (801)-484-8883 today!
  schedule a service 
















home
about
services
deals









4231 s state streetsalt lake city ut 84107


(801) 484-8883info@hinckleyoverlanding.com


free towing with repair(801) 915-9040




copyright © 2023 hinckley automotive | all rights reserved 










