










variations in subminiature cameras - history in photographs and documents














variations in subminiature cameras 
    and their accessories are presented in photographs including history, 
    specifications and estimates of current value. tips on photographic 
    technique, general maintenance and repairs along with repair manuals and a large library of  instruction manuals and 
    literature relating to these cameras spanning over 100 years.

























 


contents 
- by company
general
links 
information on shops, where subminiature cameras are often sold with web
links and e-mail addresses. details on world wide web links and home pages
of users of subminiature cameras users. 
shop
one stop shop, internet links of where to buy.
books 
few books on subminiature photography are still in print. fortunately some
are available electronically. see also 8x11 books and 
16mm books.  

accessories
for general information that applies to more than
      one format and accessories suitable for several subminiatures including 
self timers, dark room equipment, light meters and tripods. collectorable 
merchandisesmall objects of desire, 
cameras, but not functional for taking photographs these have clocks in places 
of lens. also merchandise relating to manufactures of subminiature cameras such 
as key fobs, wrist watches, desk top mats, posters and counter displays.
search
search www.submin.com and related sites, index and discussion forum. 


     










8x11






110







16 mm







17.5mm (hit)





35mm 






aps







8mm







 disc







going 
    digital


digital compact


tinycams








large 
    & odd format subminiatures







monocular
    subminiature
optical devices, emoskops









 

     

 
site map
(list of 
    content)


     

this 
    is the icon, and similar ones, normally takes you to the level above the one 
    you are viewing.

     



	contact
 










all material copyright © 1997-2021 www.submin.com and the respective authors and contributors



     






















