


master yoda's blog


























masteryodasblog.com  /   yodasblog.com





jedi temple gift shop



starwars: unmasked members

count dooku
han solo
jar jar binks
just padmé
palps
qui-gon jinn
captain typho
general grievous
obi-wan kenobinator
jabafatboy

starwars: unplugged members

shaak ti
l. skywalker
mighty chewbacca
jon, intergalactic gladiator
obi-wan
jar jar binks
fluke starbucker
padmé
aayla secura
master windu
jawajuice
jedi siri
kit fisto
barriss offee
princess leia
sabé
tahl
anakin skywalker
mon mothma
yaddle
oola
darth maul
noel of neptunian
lt cmdr oneida
jedi katt
dorme
revan
jango fett
wedge antilles
an army of (cl)one

use these buttons to link to me you can



buttons courtesy of 
fuzzbuck fuzz
















project wonderful - your ad here, right now, for as low as $0.02



email me you can

askyoda@gmail.com


other blogs by my stupid intern


tvchicken.com
bill johnson's fiction
bill johnson's blog


hire my stupid intern


hirebilljohnson.com


my other blogs


starwarsunmasked.com (team blog)
big brother: naboo (team blog)
survivor: tatooine (team blog)


master yoda's greatest hits
chosen by the readers of this blog as the best from the first 100 posts:

dooku: the reckoning, smackdown on springer
seen this man have you?
darth oprah
what wear you under that robe?
wisdom for the ages
strange transmission
call me do not, call you i will 
family in crisis 
guest poster: anakin skywalker 
my evening with dolly
lost it kenobi has
like spiders i do not! 
go fish


previously on master yoda's blog

singing, the fat lady is (my last post)
the telethon
kenobi's condition
youngling parties
previously on master yoda's blog...
drunken wookiee
yacking with yoda
prophecy about the chosen one
the missing post
ask yoda

archives

april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006


 





creme de la creme
join
list
<
>
?
powered by ringsurf




blog design by thur broeders







thursday, april 20, 2006



		
	 	singing, the fat lady is (my last post)
	 	
    	


attention first-time visitors to my blog:  kind of sappy, this final post it.  perhaps enjoy the posts in the archive or under "master yoda's greatest hits",  you would.-----------today, meditating about obi-wan's situation i was. contemplating i was the years that known him i have. when he was a youngling and showed up at the temple, i remember. like yesterday it was. there he was, in his stained little wrestling costume, his nose picking. wait, yesterday that was.anyway, in my comfy chair i sat, and some of my dolly parton cd's i got out. but, all over my cd's, cheetos smudges were!"obi-wan!" i yelled, "in here get!"into the living room he came. "look, if this is about them dolly parton cd's, i can explain...""closer, come.""now, hold on...""closer! down here, lean! now!""oh, alright, just make it quick."around him, i put my arms."aaaaaah!" he yelled, "what you doin'?!""hugging you i am.""why? are you dyin'?""no.""am i dyin'?""no, dying no one is. what family does, this is."just then, in windu ran, "what the heck is goin' on in here?""hugging we are.""why? who's dying?""dying, no one is. come, hug you too, we will.""well, in that case, i am all into that!"then, in young skywalker came. "yo, who's dyin'?""join us, young skywalker. hugging, we are.""ah, no. i ain't doin' that. you geezers is all messed up now, yo.""get over here, anakin," obi-wan said, "if i gotta do this, so do you!"so a group hug, we had."we ain't goin' to be doin' this real regular, is we?" obi-wan said."no. just something i needed to do it was." playfully i smacked him, "doofus."later, meditating i was. a flash forward to the future, i had. sometimes, the future, the force can show you. sometimes, full of crap, the force is. understand what i saw, i did not. but somehow, that alright we would be, i knew.like to see what i have seen, would you? then closer you must come.no, closer you must come.closer!aaaaaaaah! too close that is! trying to give me a heart attack are you?much better that is. now, what i have seen, you will see. the voices i have heard you will hear. the smells i have smelled, you will smell. not that one, though. the burrito i had for lunch that was. shh! the future:"why do i have to carry you to all of your errands? what's this got to do with becoming a jedi?""quiet! a long way to the post office, it is. as big a whiner as your old man, you are. the pace pick up, or another 'present' in your designer backpack i will leave!"hmm, understand it all, i do not. but, more i see."hmm, more snake stew i have cooked. disgusting it is. make young skywalker eat it, i will. fun that will be. sneak off to the taco bell around the corner later, i will. a good thing it is that know about the taco bell, he does not.""hee hee! been kissing your sister you have. hee hee!""shut up! i told you, i didn't know she was my sister!""hee hee! yes, sure. messed up, you are. hee hee hee hee!""hmm, yes. impressive that is, young skywalker. now, take all of the change that fell out of your pockets, i will. maybe learn not to fall for this trick next time, you will.""that boy is our last hope...""aaaaaah! kenobi! told you before not to just appear out of nowhere like that, i have! a clean pair of shorts i need now!"wait!  even farther i can see..."a'ight, yo. who farted?""the feller, the smeller is, young skywalker.""i can't believe you guys! being one with the force hasn't improved your manners at all!""ha ha! it ain't me, yo!""lie do not, see through you i can, quite literally! hee hee!""fuh real, though, i think it was obs.""it weren't me. hey, i recognize that smell.""yes, too i recognize it. but impossible that is...""bob? one with the force you are? what the - ?"the end






wisdom shared by  master yoda at thursday, april 20, 2006







tuesday, april 18, 2006



		
	 	the telethon
	 	
    	


as read you have, very bad news about obi-wan, i received yesterday.  it turns out, severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disorder he has.  no cure for him there is.  be severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disordered for the rest of his life, he will be.the signs i should have seen earlier. all those times that explain beetle bailey to him, i had to - tipped me off, that should have. the fact that trouble he has following the plot in ernest goes to camp, a clue that was.  so blind i have been!ever since hearing the news, high my blood pressure has been. been able to eat, i have not been. slept well i have not. all night researching severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disorder on the internet, i have been.  out it turns that this disorder many famous people have:do something to raise awareness i had to. so a telethon i held today. to help, many celebrities turned out. very common in hollywood, severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disorder is.maybe the telethon you saw?  if not, below some highlights are:jerry lewis:  hi folks and welcome to the severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disorder telethon. you know, this is a cause that is near and dear to my heart. i know that a lot of you out there who have enjoyed my movies suffer from this horrible disease. in fact, they've done studies on this. and those studies show that most people who think my old movies were funny are either severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disordered or french, which is almost the same thing.we have some very special people manning the phones today. three members of the jedi order are with us, master yoda, master mace windu, and jedi knight anakin skywalker. let's listen in.master yoda: no, the fanny pack you get only if 100 credits or more you pledge... yes, a lot for a fanny pack that is, but... look! if a good deal on a fanny pack you want, to wal-mart you should go! for charity this is! hmph!master windu:  no, i can't make sure they keep masterpiece theater on the air.  are you sure you're calling the right place?jerry lewis:  way in the back there is anakin skywalker, otherwise known as the chosen one. he looks like he's working pretty hard, too. let's say 'hi'. how are you doing back there, young man?anakin: [into phone] yo, baby, wassup? ah, you know i miss you, girl! you my fly-girl, you know that!... yeah, me too... yo, baby, don't make me say that here! they's people around and spit! you know how i feel, i ain't gotta say it here, do i?... oh, all right, [mumbling] i love you.  there... what you mean you ain't heard me?  again?  ok, i love you... aw, come on! i said, i love you! you happy now?... aw now, wait, baby. i ain't mean to yell at you like that. you know i ain't mean it that way...jerry lewis:  ahem.anakin:  [into phone] yo, hang on.  the geezer's callin' me or sumthin.  [to jerry]  yo, wassup.jerry lewis:  it looks like you're working pretty hard back there, young man.anakin:  yeah, well, you know.  anything for obs.  he my dawg, yo.doing this for obi-wan, we all were.  still feel like it is enough, i do not..






wisdom shared by  master yoda at tuesday, april 18, 2006







monday, april 17, 2006



		
	 	kenobi's condition
	 	
    	


walking  by the temple infirmary i was today.  there, kenobi i saw.  an icepack on his head, he had."kenobi," i said, "doing what here, are you?""i hit my head.""he has a minor concussion," the medical droid said."kenobi, been crushing beer cans against your head, have you? told you how many times have i, that first open the can and empty it before trying to crush it against your head you must?"to the side, the medical droid took me. "i'm afraid it's more serious than that, master yoda. master kenobi is showing signs of severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disorder.""severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disorder?!  serious, that sounds!  going to be ok is he?!"  starting to panic, i was."the good news is no one has ever died from this disease, at least not directly.""mean what, by 'not directly', do you?""well, the disease can cause those who suffer from it to make unwise decisions.  for instance, some who have been diagnosed as severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disordered have been known to do things such as buy homes in flood plains, stick forks in toasters, talk on the cell phone while driving, watch jerry springer, and sadly, try to crush beer cans against their head while the cans are still unopened and full of beer.""well, do what can we?  going to be this way for the rest of his life, is he?""we still have to run some tests and rule out other conditions.  for instance, we would need to rule out mentally oblivious random oafishness neurosis, which can be very similar.""but going to be alright is he?!  surely, something we can do there must be!""right now, there's no cure for severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disorder. but we can try to treat the symptoms and slow the spread of the disease. tell me, has he been watching a lot of professional wrestling lately?""yes, all the time he watches that.""hmm. well, he'll have to stop that immediately. studies have conclusively shown that every time someone watches professional wrestling, that person becomes a little more severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disordered.""very difficult that will be for him.""i'm afraid he'll have no choice. here's a list of other programming he'll have to abstain from. as you can see, most of it is either on upn or stars the olsen twins.""yes, very useful this will be.""still, he will probably be severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disordered for the rest of his life.  the upside is that most people who are severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disordered have no idea exactly how severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disordered they really are, or even that they're severely traumatic underdeveloped primary intelligence disordered in the first place."completely unaware of this disease before, i was. research it i must, so that help kenobi i can. aware of this affliction, more people should be!*** by the way, late i am, but like to congratulate captain picard on his 200th post, i would.  check his blog out, you must!**** in case read it you have not, an important announcement about master yoda's blog, my stupid intern has posted on his blog..






wisdom shared by  master yoda at monday, april 17, 2006







saturday, april 15, 2006



		
	 	youngling parties
	 	
    	


a party for one of the classes of the younglings i had to throw today. a deal i had made with them. if able to produce 4000 t-shirts for my t-shirt store in one week, they were, then throw a pizza and ice cream party for them i would. the promise i made because i thought that make that many t-shirts, they never could. but try anyway they would. so increased productivity i would get and have to do anything extra i would not! brilliant it was!but, dangle the promise of pizza and ice cream in front of harvey, you never should. ruled by his stomach, that boy is. day and night he worked. and the other younglings in his class he convinced to work day and night too. so, 4001 t-shirts they made one week last month. ever sell that many shirts i will not! so all these extra shirts i had, plus throw a stupid party, i had to!what's worse, wonder wookiee they wanted at their party too. going to spend money on somebody in a costume, i was not! so chewbacca i made dress up as wonder wookiee. but want to put the costume on he did not. a big fuss he made."muaarrr!!!""put it on you will!  be such a baby do not!""wuaaarrrr!!!""feel silly in it, why should you?  see you only younglings will!""rrrrrrooooorrrrrr?""no, make your hips look big it does not.  now, on put it, or wookiee biscuits you will not get!""wrrrarrrrrr!!!""of course, put a picture of you in that costume on my blog, i will not!":like all youngling parties, quickly into chaos this one descended.  at first, playing pin the tail on the womprat they were.  but soon into pin the tail on the windu it turned. like that, windu did not. embarrassing for a jedi master, being chased down the hall by 20 younglings, it is. make it any better, windu screaming like a little girl, did not. so humiliating for him. (hee hee!)then, when tired of trying to whack the piñata they were, kenobi they strung up and whacking him they started. i guess tried to do something at this point, i could have. hmm, yes.but soon, so out of control it got, that even stop it i could not. at some point after the third food fight, and the 23rd chorus of "eat it or wear it", a good idea, one of the younglings thought raiding young skywalker's underwear drawer would be. before it i knew, his spider-man underoos they were wearing on their heads and scenes from lord of the flies they were re-enacting.an end to this i had to bring, so the pressure-washer i got out. all of the little monsters i sprayed. the chaos this broke up. tomorrow, deal with scrubbing the pepperonis off of the ceiling they will have to.****an important announcement about master yoda's blog, my stupid intern has posted on his blog.  read it you must.






wisdom shared by  master yoda at saturday, april 15, 2006







friday, april 14, 2006



		
	 	previously on master yoda's blog...
	 	
    	


the last "previously on master yoda's blog" post this will be.  happy now, are you?  hmph!links to each individual post, each individual caption is.  read all of these posts here,  you can.suspicious this pizza delivery boy looked.one of the many humiliating experiences i have had, this was.a waste of time, this support group is!harvey's one and only guest post, this was.my vacation home, the people from extreme makeover: home edition tried to renovate.part 1 part 2about windu's experiences in the ice capades, this was.from before windu 'lost his groove', this was.coming in the future this is!  ready are you?like bobbing for water, this was.






wisdom shared by  master yoda at friday, april 14, 2006







thursday, april 13, 2006



		
	 	drunken wookiee
	 	
    	


another drunk call from chewbacca i got last night. stop doing this, he must! my sleep i need. besides, nothing more pathetic than a drunk wookie, there is."wuarrrrr.""yes, chewbacca, 'love you, man' i do too.  but 2 am it is...""wuarrrrr.  wrrrrrrr.  muaaarrrrrr.""no, know why senator amidala doesn't like you 'that way', i do not.""mrawrrrrr.""oh, the 'friends just let us be' speech she gave you when out you asked her.""wooaaarrrr.""then the 'you it is not me it is' speech she gave. well, i...""wuaaarrrrr?""yes, good-looking you are.  sure i am that the reason that is not.""muaarrrrroooorrrrarrrr.""no, be silly do not.  getting fat you are not.""muaarrrrrarrrr.""yes, sure i am that out there, ms. right is.""rrrruuuurrrroooo!""no!  a good idea to call her at this time it would not be.  late it is and drunk you are.""woarrrrr!""yes, drunk you are.  hear it i can.  slurring your words, you are.""mrrruaaarrrrrr!""ok, just mean that is.  like you when you are this way, i do not.  going to hang up i am.""wurrrrrarrrr!""well ok, since sorry you are...""mwarrrr?""yes, how much our friendship means to you i know.  no... cry do not.  chewbacca, please, crying stop."wrong i was when i said that nothing more pathetic that a drunk wookiee there is.  much more pathetic, a crying drunk wookiee is.  get caller id i really, really must.






wisdom shared by  master yoda at thursday, april 13, 2006







wednesday, april 12, 2006



		
	 	yacking with yoda
	 	
    	


much earlier my stupid intern should have posted this. but some lame excuse for not doing it, he had. a doctor's appointment, or a family member's wedding or funeral or something he had. something like that it was. whatever, care i do not. do that sort of thing on his own time, he must! unfortunately, since for free he works, dock his pay i can not. have to feed him less, i will. anyway, here the post is:still doing that stupid call-in radio show the chancellor made me sign up for, i am. getting any better it is not! calling in, more losers than ever are. the stupidest job i have ever had, this is.caller:  yeah, so i was wondering if you know what i should about this rash i have.  it's on my...*click*me:  next caller.producer:  hey!  i told you before, you can't just be rude and hang up on a caller because you don't want to hear about their problem!me:  what other reason for rudely hanging up on a caller would their be?producer:  just take the next call.me: hello, lulu from tatooine, on the air you are.  lulu?  lulu?  there are you?producer:  for the thousandth time, you have to push the flashing button!me:  pushing the button i am!producer:  that's not the button, that's the light switch on the wall!me: wondering why flickering the lights in here were, i was.  lulu, on the air you are.caller #2:  hello?  am i on?me:  yes, on the air you are.  your problem, what is?caller #2:  well, my old man keeps trading our food stamps for chewing tobacco, see...me:  well, a big problem that is, yes.caller #2: nah, that ain't the problem. i ain't got to it, yet. see, i like the beechnut brand, but he keeps gettin' skoal. the way i figure, them food stamps is really mine, since the government sends 'em to me on account of i got eight kids, most of which ain't his. so i'm thinking i should get the say over which brand of chaw we get. what do you think?me:  kill me now, someone must.caller #2:  huh?me:  lulu, matter it does not.caller #2:  how come?me:  because gone, all of your teeth will soon be.caller #2:  'cause i chew tobacco?me: yes, mostly. also at blame, inbreeding is. anyway, dentures you will have and be able to chew tobacco you will not. so matter this argument will not.caller #2:  ok, but i also got this other problem...me:  care i do not.  for calling thank you.  goodbye.*click*me:  all the time we have for yacking with yoda we have that is...producer:  we still have 20 minutes!me: ...so enjoy these fine commercials for the next 20 minutes you will. in the mean time, like to leave you with this final word of advice for tonight, i would: "just because important to you, your problem is, mean that does not that stupid it is not." a good night have.words to live by, those are.






wisdom shared by  master yoda at wednesday, april 12, 2006













star wars and all related characters are trademarks of lucasfilm ltd.  this site is intended as a parody and is not affiliated with lucasfilm in any way.  use of copyrighted and trademarked images for the purpose of parody is allowed under fair use.
the author of this site reserves the right to use, as content for this site, any comments made on this blog, or any email message sent to the email address  askyoda@gmail.com, without revealing the identity of, or revealing any private information belonging to, the sender(s) of such emails.  by commenting on this blog, the commenter gives up any calim to the copyright of the comment, as well as any claim to revenue share generated from advertising on this site.







