



vocationallearning.org.uk























vocationallearning.org.uk knowall media

subscribe via rss



home

about us



  




17jan/220
choose from a large range of premium marquees from diy marquees
aspiring business owners and entrepreneurs in search of the perfect start-up business to set them on the track to success will be interested in how to create a business using a marquee as a mobile and versatile tool for getting your business out there! marquees are unique in that wherever you can find an area large enough to house your marquee is where your business can be, with little or no stress. popular for use in trade shows, fairs, markets, business events, at concerts, shows and more, there is no better investment for your business, no matter the size, than a diy marquee from the professional or premium range. built to endure different locations, resilient to frequent erection and dismantlement, customizable and strong, these ranges of diy professional tents for sale will stand the test of time as one of the wisest investments in your business. specialists who use marquees frequently for hiring purposes or on a regular basis as part of their own business can attest that diy’s premium tents for sale are the best value for money out there.
the professional diy marquee range

diy marquees stocks the largest range of marquees for sale, available in the uk, supplying mobile businesses and hiring companies with a one-stop option for all of their marquee and accessory needs. customers are spoilt for choice as a result and can expect only the best quality products from diy marquees. marquees range from small to large and from basic to premium. all diy marquees are made from top quality durable pvc which makes them stronger and long-lasting. some of the diy marquees are, however, stronger than others with additional features to promote longevity and ensure that the marquees can withstand some of the harsher conditions in terms of weather, while still being fit for purpose. additional durability and strength in a marquee comes from the materials which are used, and the additional features, such as thicker pvc, rip-stop roofs and sides, special flame retardant precautions, wider steel framework and eave braces, ground bars and a wind-resistant design makes the professional and premium ranges, fit to stand for 3 to 4 seasons of the year. a cautionary reminder that some weather will still make easy work of dismantling any marquee!
the premium diy marquee range

sizes of the premium tents for sale can vary quite significantly resulting from the different ways these marquees can be set up and how they can be used, depending on the type of event for which is it being used. if in doubt, use the online marquee planning tool on the diy marquee website to help you chose the best design and layout, before you invest your money. the planner is interactive and free for all to use. also important to mention is that spares are readily available for purchase via the website where prospective investors can also compare the various ranges on offer. diy lives, eats ad breathes professional tents for sale and are ready to help you make the best choice for your future successful business endeavours.

tagged as: professional diy marquee range, www.diymarquees.co.uk
no comments




15jan/220
dukes of daisy usa rent a friend service for any occasion
never before has humankind faced the personal challenges which society has had to embrace and conquer, in the days since 2020. never before, have communities been so polarised, divided and challenged. yet never before have we as a species had the opportunity to do greater good than harm. throughout the world we see examples of where love and kindness prevail over the threat of negativity and sadness. it is our birth right as human beings to experience joy and the best way in which we can experience this, is in relationships with each other. bonding is a powerful and necessary human emotion, which helps us to be the best versions of ourselves.

dukes of daisy has experience this first-hand across the uk and is now helping individuals to reach out and be part of another person’s life, throughout the us. this successful concept is founded on the ability to assist people to engage with each other in a way that is both safe and non-threatening. professionally managed and hands-on, dukes of daisy is not just another dating app. dukes of daisy non sexual escorts us is the platform, used by thousands, through which many have found themselves able to meet with like-minded people, where they can engage with non-sexual escorts us of both sexes and of all orientations, be it online or in person. the unique rent a friend service us enables people to connect and enjoy the many benefits of human interaction, in an exciting and personal way.
dukes of daisy rent a friend us has evolved with the times and has grown in popularity because of the unique service, which they offer. with a reputation that speaks for itself after years in the industry, there is no doubt that a service such as this will change your life. anyone who has been a single adult knows that there are challenges to face when trying to enjoy the company of others. your usual “go to” options such as clubs and pubs might no longer work for you if you are someone who is looking for a person to share good conversation, or perhaps you are someone who is looking for company to take with you to the next dreaded social or family event, so that you don’t have to face uncle jim alone, with his many questions about why you are still single, or deal with your siblings asking you when you are going to finally settle down. change things up and take a non-sexual escort us with you to your next social event so that you can, for once, just relax and have fun, rather than standing on the side-lines watching all the other couples having a good time while you sip your warm prosecco all on your own. this service allows every outing or event to be a fun and enjoyable occasion.
non-sexual dukes of daisy escorts are professional managed and the terms of the service are set out up-front for both parties to agree that the service does not include “additional extra’s” at any stage during or after the date.

tagged as: dukes of daisy, non sexual escorts us, non-sexual dukes of daisy escorts
no comments




13jan/220
lodge brothers clandon make funeral planning simple with a few steps
just as the cost of living increases from year to year, the cost of dying is no different. the sunlife cost of dying report for 2021, an annual sector-leading research paper, which has been providing a comprehensive overview of funeral costs since 2004, shows that the cost of funerals has continued to increase on an annual basis. one positive aspect however is that the increase of funeral-related costs has at least slowed down somewhat over the last 2 years.
the same report goes on to explain that the average cost of dying in 2021, depending on where in the uk you live, is £8,864 – that is down 4.3% since 2020.
funeral costs are rarely included as part of the average family’s annual budget. the lodge brothers family of funeral directors clandon, offer a variety of cost-effective solutions aimed at assisting families to deal with the costs, which arise when a loved one passes away.
lodge brothers funeral directors merrow all offer a range of pre-paid for and planned funeral packages, with a suitable budget option for all, all of which are designed to alleviate the inevitable financial and emotional strain which is placed on families when a loved one passes away. what makes the difference is the lodge brothers pledge to ensure that there are no hidden extras to surprise you, after all is said and done. lodge brothers publishes a full list of all costs attached to funeral planning on their website for full transparency and will provide a detailed quote prior to proceeding with any of the funeral arrangements, so that the families of the deceased know and understand everything that they will be required to pay for.
     
in the case of pre-planned arrangements, the deceased has already made most of the tough decisions on behalf of their loved ones. in fact, any person who would like to make their funeral wishes known, can use the complimentary service on the website which is kept on file in the event of their demise, so that when their family choses lodge brothers funeral directors staines, all of the hard decisions are already made ahead of time. using this service does not commit anyone to a funeral plan with lodge brothers – it simply ensures that when you loved ones chose lodge brothers for funeral arrangements, the wishes of the deceased shared with the family who can then provide the funeral just as you would have, if you had planned it yourself.

besides being able to rely on our 240 years of experience in the business of assisting families with funerals, when loved ones reach out to lodge brothers at their time of need, not only are they ensured of having full sight of what has been arranged and the cost of doing so, but they are also guaranteed many additional extra’s, which other funeral homes will charge for, at no extra cost. services such as afterhours attendance, arrangements for family viewings at the chapel of rest, delivery of ashes, additional staff or bearers, access to bereavement support and house calls, all come as part of the full service which you can expect to receive from lodge brothers across the uk.

tagged as: funeral directors clandon, funeral directors merrow, funeral directors staines
no comments




12jan/220
ibs offer a wide range of products to all industrial sectors
the reputation of ibs is renown across the uk for its commitment to quality products and services, delivering top engineering advice and assistance from professionals with decades of experience in the industry, as well as for ensuring value for money.

being able to provide top quality services means understanding the products and services so that excellent customer care becomes an inevitable extension of that broad knowledgebase. providing solutions and troubleshooting problematic issues can be executed with ease. recommendations are based on thorough understanding of the service and the high level of expertise that ibs is proud to provide.
  offering a variety of engineering services makes ibs a versatile one-stop-shop providing convenience to clients, as well as quality products. services include processing engineering services, repairs, servicing and recondition of blowers, vacuums and pumps which can be done both on and off-site, site surveys and fault finding, metal spray painting and equipment hire of various shaft and blower sets, vacuum pumps and portable vacuum units.
in the event of down-time resulting from emergency breakdown, planned repairs and maintenance or upgrades, short-term demand for extra air, testing of new systems or accidental damage, ibs have fully packaged roots type blower sets ready and available to minimise production disruptions. all sets are supplied with electric motor drive and air ancillaries. in addition, pipework and fittings can also be supplied to suit customer’s connection points and accessibility. where accessibly poses an issue, ibs can supply generator sets with fuel tanks and load cables.
additional services, include air industrial vacuuming hire, portable air conveying system hire and industrial vacuum loader hire, plus hire of a range of rotary vane, side channel and claw type machines for pressure applications with discharge pressures up to 2.0 bar gauge. units and equipment are stored in locations across the uk for expediting delivery and reducing response time in case of unplanned downtime or emergencies. units and sets can also be collected directly from ibs locations.
customers who are planning for preventative maintenance or equipment upgrades have access to ibs process engineers who will come to site and based on their vast engineering knowledge and experience of almost any type of scenario, will assist with the planning, costing and implementation of equipment for any environment where blowers, vacuums and pumps are utilised. ibs can provide performance evaluations on electrical equipment, highlighting any potential energy cost savings resulting from the introduction of more efficient equipment, along with a full energy audit and a total cost of ownership (tco) evaluation so that customers have the opportunity to make a full cost evaluation of the solutions provided, including running costs. ibs is also able to service the majority of roots type blower makes and models, easily on site.
ibs believes in being proactively helpful which is why going the extra mile is major part of the culture of the company, an ethos which we believe is the reason why our customers keep coming back to us, buying the products that we provide and using our services, year after year. our track record, combined with our reputation for excellence, is what enables ibs to continue to provide exceptional service.

tagged as: air industrial vacuuming hire, portable air conveying system hire, www.ibsblowers.com
no comments




9jan/220
mal weeraratne inspirational speaker and a gifted teacher of tantra
some might say that we are in unprecedented times as the globe turns hopefully towards healing from the ravages of the last two or so years. unprecedented because never has everyone across the entire globe been taken siege in the way that we experienced with the covid-19 pandemic which was able to spread like wild-fire, zig-zagging its way around the world, fuelled by the ability of human beings to move with ease across continents, thanks to technology. while the world has faced world wars, and pandemics, natural disasters, and environmental crisis before, nothing compared to the devastating effects caused by a super-spreading virus, which has caused untold financial and emotional devastation and destroyed families through tragic loss of life. there is not one person who has not in some way been affected by the events of the last years so if you are one of those people who experienced any of the emotional, physical, or spiritual repercussions of the pandemic, mal weeraratne has a ground-breaking approach to emotionally detox the body and help you with shedding negativity so that you may look to the future with a new outlook on life.

anyone who is not only ready, but in need of releasing negative emotions will benefit from the body-mind healing by mal weeraratne who has spent almost all his life working with and helping people to detox from the effects of negative emotions, thoughts and feelings which they carry from a past of sadness, disappointment and fear. mal weeraratne, utilises the ancient art –form of tantric and taoist bodywork, which he combines with the knowledge and emotional intelligence from the study of human sexuality. mal weeraratne has assisted thousands of people and couples heal and grow into to health and loved one again after experiencing bad outcomes from previous relationships and events.
embracing traditional indian and chinese beliefs and practices, mal weeraratne has developed his unique style of tantric-tao practices, which work with the energy centres of the body, customarily known as the chakras, to initiate the release of life energy. in both indian ad chinese traditions, it is believed that energy flows through all living things and when they are in alignment, these energies facilitate and sustain the body’s natural healing ability. both philosophies also recognise that sexual energy is the basis of life energy, which is why tantric energy plays such a pivotal role in the healing process. increased tantric energy is just one of the many benefits recipients of the tantric practices that mal weeraratne shares with singles, couples and healing practitioners in his sessions and workshops, integrating eastern wisdom with western knowledge of science.
release any negative feelings and experiences that may have been instrumental in creating a future without joy, in which you were not functioning at your very best and replace those negative thoughts and emotions by emotionally detoxing with tantric journey. doing so will create a positive space for new and positive experiences may enter into your world and help you to fulfil your higher purpose.
 

tagged as: mal weeraratne, tantric specialist, tantric-tao practices
no comments




7jan/220
lodge brothers legal services include probate, wills and lasting powers of attorney
what is a lasting power of attorney?
a lasting power of attorney (“lpa”) is a legal document that lets you appoint another person, the attorney, to make financial and/or welfare decisions on your behalf, if in the future you become unable or unwilling to make your own decisions.
what is probate and why is it necessary to involve obtain a lasting power of attorney ashford? it may not be necessary for a person to use an attorney for this process however if this is something that you are not familiar with, it is highly recommended for you to let an attorney assist you in order to ensure that everything is completed and assessed as it should be. without the appropriate experience in this area, the situation can be over-whelming and may end up cost you in the long run.
lodge brothers employees are not only familiar with the process, they have dedicated their life’s work to offering the best service and expertise to those who seek them out for assistance. after the passing of your family member or loved one, a person has many difficult decisions to make, least of which is dealing with the will of the person who has passed away. what happens if the will is not verified or is contested at court? well this is the time when its better to hand over to the professionals.

a probate estate comprises of all the assets and liabilities that a person has when they pass away. these assets and liabilities are verified by proving that the will that the person has left behind, if they have indeed left a will and instructions therein, is a genuine instruction from the departed as to how they would like their estate to be dealt with and settled. assets include everything that the deceased physically owned both specified and unspecified in the last will and testament. all the possessions that a person has, must be dealt with correctly at the time of passing, no matter how big or small, no matter how valuable, be it emotionally or financially. probate ashford is an active process which helps to sort the estate of the passed individual out as intended.

the process of can sometimes be sorted out in as little as 6 months, in some cases.  can take as long as 2 years or more to assess and verify. the timeframe of the probate weybridge process depends on the complexity of the estate which can also be affected when the will is disputed by a family member. some small estates are the rare exception to the process and may not require probate sunbury at all.  a court supervised process, probates can be a complex procedure.
lodge brothers legal services, partner to the lodge brothers family of funeral directors, have the know-how of the legal process of probate to ensure a stress-free process. once all is said and done there are only benefits to contact legal brothers legal service attorneys, sophie, emily and hannah, to assist you with this emotionally draining process. services for probate can be agreed to and paid for ahead of time that will ease the process at the end of the day and ensure that the estate is correctly and accurately handled as preferred.
click here to contact lasting power of attorney woking and lasting power of attorney weybridge

tagged as: lasting power of attorney ashford, lasting power of attorney guildford, lasting power of attorney woking
no comments




6jan/220
allow knowall experts in it to take care of your it department
two out three organisations recognise the crucial role that cloud computing plays in the role of their digital transformation. engaging with cloud computing support is a guaranteed way of decreasing business costs, increasing productivity and out-performing against competitors who are part of the 1/3rd of organisations who are still not yet using the cloud as an integral part of their it infrastructure. cloud computing has revolutionised the face of it across the globe with its versatility and 24/7 accessibility, enabling organisations of all size, to enjoy the cost saving benefits of 100% online access. if, like 2/3rds of organisations, you want to take your business on a digital transformation journey and embrace the future of technology, knowall it support soho is the managed business partner, which is equipped to facilitate that transition.

cloud computing has been in use almost since the beginning of the history of computers themselves. in the early 2000’s, as the internet developed from travel blogs, brochures and chat rooms into the social and technological giant, global network of communications that it is today as a result of the creation of the internet. since that time, what first began with the image of a world wide web has developed into what is now referred to the cloud. what is the cloud really? it’s the image that has been given to society to help them to conceptualise the way in which we are able to gain access to hardware and software that is not physically in front of us.
simply put, cloud computing is to it what uber is to the transportation industry. you need a ride from a to b but you don’t have your own vehicle. you contact uber and set up someone to collect you and drop you off where you need to be, and you pay the association transportation fee. similarly, with cloud computing, you pay a fee for the it infrastructure that you need, when you need it for as long as you need it. it gets your business from a to b, without you having to purchase the whole vehicle. its available to you at any time, on-demand, without worrying about maintenance, up-keep, running costs or upgrades. just like uber, the infrastructure / vehicle is provided to you at the fraction of the cost and you simply pay for what you need, when you need it. while each organisation will experience the benefits differently, the benefits will be experienced immediately as a direct result of having access to the latest servers, applications or operating systems without the mammoth financial commitment on the hardware and software which is required to provide quality it support.
knowall it support paddington is an award-winning it service provider with the capacity to provide your business with high quality cloud and voice services, ensuring access to high performance computing and communications at the fraction of the cost. for the organisation who has not yet invested in this leading edge technology, contact knowall it support kensington for assistance with building your fully customizable, scalable, bespoke it environment uniquely suited to elevate your business into the future.

tagged as: it support kensington, it support soho
no comments




17may/210
lodge brothers family you can lean on in time of grief…
lodge brothers began as a family business currently run by six members of the lodge family who are seventh generation funeral directors isleworth. while the current extended lodge family across the uk is not necessarily blood-related, the bonds between all of the funeral directors at lodge brothers still run deep because of the shared heritage they have and because of the common goal that they share.  this is to ensure that each person who crosses their doorstep knows that they are in safe hands and can rest assured that no detail is overlooked. with so much experience and a deep love for what can only be called a vocation, lodge brothers funeral directors datchet provide many options for the funerals, which honours the memory of the deceased.

lodge brothers funeral directors roehampton are unequivocally the most accessible funeral directors in the country which means that you do not have to go far to find us when the times comes that you should be looking for a funeral director. 2020 began with the harsh reality that we all need to expect the unexpected. covid 19 has caused mayhem across the country and globally and sadly resulted in the passing of a great many people both young and old. while the older members of our country and those with underlying health issues, have been struck down the most, it does not mean that a person can afford to be nonchalant. each person has the responsibility of taking action to ensure his or her health and safety and that of those whom are closest.  lodge brothers funeral directors langley have seen first-hand how this global pandemic has affected many families which is why we are so grateful for the dedicated lodge brothers team who compassionately assist families at their time of grief.

funeral directors have to focus on two major areas: taking care of the logistics and legalities involved in the passing of a person, as well as taking care of the emotional aspects ensuring that the life of the person who has departed is respected and celebrated in the way in which they lived. but to the funeral directors at lodge brothers, this is not a stranger who has passed away… it’s your family and who becomes our family which is why we treat each instance with the love and respect we would give if it was our own family. no request is too much to ask and no need is less important than the next as every single decision which has to be made for help finalise the person’s life, is of utmost importance in order for you be supported the journey that you find yourself facing. nothing is more important to lodge brothers than to ensure that we are always here to help…

tagged as: funeral directors datchet, funeral directors isleworth, funeral directors roehampton
no comments




16may/210
diy marquees now sells indirect marquee heaters
marquees have always been a popular and sought-after option as an alternative to your regular venue hire options. this is mainly attributed to the unique sense of style which can be created when using a marquee as your preferred venue option. there is nothing quite like creating the specific ambiance, mood and atmosphere, as when you design and decorate your marquee venue, tailormade to your desires.
notwithstanding the many great benefits of the marquee as the ultimate venue option, there are some aspects relating to the logistics of marquees that can leave some feeling unsure of whether the outcome is worth the effort. stop and take a minute as we discuss some of the issues which may leave you feeling reluctant to opt for the marquee option.

its cold.

yes, this is the uk and no one has ever claimed to have all the answers when it comes to the various weather-patterns resulting in our world-famous reputation for having 4 seasons in 1 day! its true that using a marquee might leave you vulnerable to various elements however there is always an innovative solution to any element. so, you want to know how to heat your marquee, diy marquees would recommend setting up a powerful, indirect heater which will disperse heat through out the marquee. situated at the entrance of the marquee facing towards the inside, your marquee will be cozy in a matter of minutes. for a larger marquee, add smaller indirect heaters at the corner and other such “dead” spaces where people are not mingling. that way you can prevent the cold from seeping in and keep your guest’s toasty.
  


not all terrains are made equal.

anyone who has attended a glamourous event, hosted on a grassy terrain, knows how hard it can be to prevent your £1,245 maisel 100 faux pearl-embellished, paper-thin stiletto jimmy choo heels from sinking into the grass below you, sending you tumbling into an embarrassing social faux-par! to ensure the ultimate comfort of your guests, you would want to place your marquee on a solid, even surface, but the question remains: how to anchor your marquee down on hard surfaces? your traditional tie-downs will not work on a solid surface, so alternatives include bolting or drilling holes in the footplate, to which you can place straps to secure the marquee. alternatively, use heavy weights, such as a concrete block, strapped directly to the marquee. no concrete blocks available, strap the marquee to a strategically placed car, or lead a strap through to a near-by grassy patch.

once size does not fit all

this concept apparently works in retail however we all know the truth is that there is no 1 solution or product which will suit everyone’s needs. attempting to squeeze everyone into a one size fits all marquee, will not work. luckily, diy marquees has the perfect solution to help customers to create a marquee perfect for their needs. from the size of the marquee, to the shape, space, function and location, visit the website’s marquee planner to create a replica to help you check all the boxes.

tagged as: diy marquees, how to heat your marquee
no comments




14may/210
lodge brothers probate fees are fix and agreed in advance
one thing that you can be guaranteed of when you engage with a lodge brothers legal attorney is that you will receive the personal touch. lodge brothers legal services are affiliated with the lodge brothers funeral directors family of companies with a unique past. in operation for over 240 years, the lodge brothers managed to grow throughout the uk for 8 generations, making them the epitome of the family business. as part of the services offered to their client base which spans the breadth and length of the uk, lodge brothers looked to increasing their funeral director services, with that of legal services specifically related to the needs of the families who came to them, to say goodbye to their loved ones.

the complimentary services included probate guildford assistance, drawing up of wills and preparing lasting power of attorneys. the lodge brothers name is one which you will be familiar with and this is because they are placed conveniently across the country, meaning that you and your family may well have already had dealings with them. lodge brothers legal attorneys have followed suit and offer each individual service with the personal touch that you come to expect from the brand.
if you turn to social media you will notice that there are many competitors in the industry but if you are looking for experts in the field, with an elevated knowledge of probate ashford, in your local area, then it’s the lodge brothers probate feltham services that will benefit you’re the most. being able to meet with your personal attorney face to face makes it easier to have all of your questions answered, and it will be far easier to reach your probate attorney when the time comes for you that you may need to meet with them face to face. having a local solicitor gives you peace of mind, knowing that you are able to contact their offices in person, at any time.
lodge brothers probate shepperton has access to over 40 offices across a vast area in the uk stretching from surrey, through middlesex and into berkshire allowing for face-to-face meetings in all of these areas. should you prefer to contact your attorney through online options, that is always an equally possible alternative.

offering 3 service levels to ensure affordability and adaptability, there is a suitable option for everyone. chose bronze level, where the application remains with the appointed executor of the estate, however our executors will help to prepare all probate forms and make the application at the probate registry. with the silver service level, appointed executors remain responsible for registering the death with all asset holders. executors will establish the assets and liabilities at date of death while we complete the probate papers, inheritance tax forms and apply for the grant.  our attorneys will register the death certificate with the asset holders.
choosing a gold level service, lodge brothers attorneys will ascertain the date of death assets, liabilities of the estate, complete all the probate papers, inheritance tax forms and apply for the grant.
lodge brothers probate woking  services is regulated by the solicitors regulation authority.
speak to us today by clicking here probate weybridge

tagged as: probate shepperton, probate walton, probate west byfleet, probate woking
no comments




 
 older entries »



pages

about us

categories

audio visual

building services

property maintenance

refurbishments



business services

architects

it support services



companion service

dance classes

diy marquee

energy management software

entertainment

escort service

food and lifestyle

funeral directors

funeral planning

legal services

pre paid funerals



health

alternative therapy

beauty



hire vacuum

home

eco designers



hosted sage

industrial blower services

mal weeraratne

marquee hire

wedding marquee hire



recipes

shopping

baby gifts

clothing

gifts

home gift ideas



swyx

tantric journey

travel

accomodation

bed and breakfast

parking



vaccum pumps


blogroll

documentation
plugins
suggest ideas
support forum
themes
wordpress blog
wordpress planet

archive

january 2022
may 2021
august 2020
may 2018
july 2014
june 2014
march 2014
november 2013
october 2013
september 2013
july 2013
may 2013
march 2013
january 2013
october 2012
june 2012
february 2012

meta

log in
rss
comments rss





online marketing & it support by knowall media | knowall it 








