








gracepointe baptist church















































































gracepointe baptist church  



flash: off


this site is designed for use with macromedia flash player.  click here to install.
								


							 
								february 18, 2025 
								



search:
									 
												  
									























contact info:






						gracepointe baptist church
						568 winesap road
							po box 288
						madison heights, va  25472
						
						
							phone: (434) 439-0476
contact via email












navigation:











home










donate online










videos of services










sundays at gracepointe










pastor's update










ladies' fellowship










kids' church










l.i.f.e. group










our team










guest book










facebook










book on gracepointe's history










our history (including videos)










photo galleries










calendar










how to lead someone to christ










how to invite someone to church










testimonials










pastor greg's soulwinning book










document downloads










printable brochure










church constitution















user login:









username:



password:




to apply for an account, click here
forgot username or password?
















 


 









        
test










come on home to gracepointe. 

church schedule:

sunday worship: 11:00 am

children's sunday school: 11:00 am (concurrent with the 11:00 am worship service)

small groups: email gracepointechurch24572@gmail.com to learn dates, times, and places. 







please accept my personal invitation to worship with us at gracepointe baptist church, where anyone can feel at home and where everyone is welcome! gracepointe was founded to be a place for worship in amherst county that is christ-centered and theologically conservative, with powerful biblical preaching, yet casual in dress and atmosphere, musically traditional-contemporary and upbeat, and personally encouraging. if you are looking for a biblical church that is about grace and forgiveness, then allow us to point you to grace- gracepointe! 

at the point of his grace, 

pastor greg tyree  
 












    copyright ©  2025 gracepointe church.  all rights reserved. 
    
    powered by finalweb.




