


blargh blog






















    
	blargh blog
	
  





tuesday, june 09, 2009



	 
	 budget deficits
	 
    


to go with this comment, here are the projected deficits, 2009-2019, according the the cbo's january 8, 2009 baseline projections (their last forecast before obama took office) and their march 20, 2009 projections under obama's budget.  in yellow is the projected increase to the deficit due to the policies of obama (and the current congress).  forgive the ugly excel graph.



posted by blar @ 7:23 pm

0 comments










thursday, september 06, 2007



	 
	 government taxes
	 
    


the fairtax has been getting a lot of attention lately, including support from presidential candidates mike huckabee and fred thompson.  it sounded good to me when i first heard about it - i am in favor of fairness - but after hearing some more about it from responsible conservatives like bruce bartlett, i've realized that it does not entirely live up to its name.  perhaps they should call it the fairertax, since, while fairer than the ridiculous tax system that we currently have, it does not come close to the model of pure fairness that someone like aristotle would have expected out of a tax system.the most fundamental problem with the "fairtax" is that it is paying for government spending by taxing ordinary people like you and me, every time we buy anything.  if the government is the one buying goods and services, then why should the america people get stuck with the bill?  shouldn't that be the government's responsibility?of course it should be.  that is why i am promoting a new tax plan, which i call the government tax.  the idea, in a nutshell, is this: whenever the u.s. government spends money on something, the u.s. government should have to pay for it.the details, for my wonkier readers, look like this.  the government tax consists of a 100% sales tax on all spending by the united states federal government, including all goods and services.  when the government buys a $1 million tank, it pays an additional $1 million in taxes.  when it spends $100,000 on military escorts to the president's convoy, it also has to pay the $100,000 government tax.  the government sends out a $740 social security check?  then it pays the $740 tax.  the math works out the same way with all of the other pens, salaries, treasury bills, and whatnot that the government pays for.all other federal taxes, including the income tax and the payroll tax, will be eliminated under my plan.  thus, in addition to the obvious fairness benefits, the government tax would vastly simplify things and make tax collection far more efficient and far less distorting on the economy, since ordinary people wouldn't need to worry about the tax implications of all their decisions.i won't bore you with all the math, but calculations similar to those performed by the brilliant minds behind the fairertax demonstrate that the government tax would be sufficient to cover all existing federal spending, without any deficit or any additional revenue from other taxes.  projections also suggest that it will allow us to afford the coming budget increases for social security and medicare due to our aging population (not to suggest that we don't need major changes in both of those "entitlement" programs - another iffy naming).what do you think, readers?



posted by blar @ 7:08 pm

1 comments










thursday, november 16, 2006



	 
	 what is wrong with our society?
	 
    


i'm usually not one to drown in my own outrage, but how can this be happening?  a man murders his ex-wife and a friend of hers, but is found not guilty in trial.  then he writes a book about how he killed them, which is published by one of the premier publishing companies, and goes on television on a major network to talk about it.o.j. simpson is now a celebrity murderer in more ways than one.  i can imagine him doing the celebrity talk show circuit, with leno and conan and all the rest asking him questions about the people he killed, just like they ask everyone else about their latest project, and  that's interesting, what's the name of the book again?  when's it coming out?  keep repeating that info, because you know this murderer is only here because he has a book to plug.  (but be sure to talk in hypotheticals, because you know that makes all of this okay.)it's times like this when all of those crazy-seeming claims about how our society is completely corrupt and falling apart start to take on an air of plausibility.  parodies and cultural criticisms cannot keep up.  i can only hope that a massive boycott is coming.  these appear to be the two companies to start with: regan books/harpercollins and fox.  enough people can work up their outrage over fictionalized documentaries that strike them as unfair to politicians in their preferred political party.  can the public match that outrage when an unconvicted murderer gets invited to talk about his, uh, "work" on prime time television? update (11/20): canceled.  hurrah.



posted by blar @ 12:36 am

0 comments










tuesday, november 14, 2006



	 
	 easy answers to easy questions
	 
    


is foreign aid the solution to global poverty?no, of course not.  there isn't "a solution" to global poverty, unless you want to count the macabre (e.g. global death) or the deeply unhelpful (e.g. patience).alternative question #1: can foreign aid contribute to a substantial reduction in global poverty over the short to medium term?yes.alternative question #2: can foreign aid help put the world on a relatively stable long-term trend in reducing global poverty?yes.obviously, it matters how the foreign aid is spent.  simply throwing money at the problem won't fix anything, but many potentially productive plans for fixing things do require money.the original question is the topic for a garvey fellowship essay that can win you money, if you fit the applicant qualification criteria.  you probably also have to write something consistent with their description of the question:a 2005 united nations report called for a doubling of foreign aid to poor countries as the means to reduce poverty. yet the 2006 nobel peace prize was awarded to a for-profit microloan bank and its founder, an apparent vindication of the ideas of peter t. bauer, henry hazlitt, deepak lal, and others. as bauer wrote, “development aid, far from being necessary to rescue poor societies from a vicious circle of poverty, is far more likely to keep them in that state.…emergence from poverty requires effort, firmly established property rights, and productive investment.”in other words, because some forms of for-profit investments can be effective at reducing global poverty, foreign aid must be completely ineffective.  airtight logic.  unbreakable logic, we might even call it, in honor of the gentleman who reasoned that, since his body was easily injured, there must be someone out there who is incapable of being injured.



posted by blar @ 9:39 pm

0 comments










wednesday, november 08, 2006



	 
	 close elections
	 
    


with 98% of precincts reporting in wyoming's congressional district, the incumbent, barbara cubin (r), currently has a 653 vote lead.  the lindgren method (which assumes that unreported precincts will vote the same as reported precincts in the same county) projects cubin to finish 2 votes behind gary trauner (d).trauner fans shouldn't wait up, and neither should cubin fans (identify yourselves and i'll link), since this one is not going to be decided tonight.update (2:58 am): after corrections in the already reported precincts, cubin has stretched her lead to 700 votes, and after correcting my projection to be based on the exact number of precincts (rather than the rounded percentage that cnn reports), she is now projected to hang on to a 26 vote lead.  the nation is still waiting on those last 12 precincts from carbon county.update ii (11/8): carbon county is obviously not homogenous, and with the rest of the precincts in cubin has extended her lead to 970 votes.  they aren't calling the election yet, and there might be a recount.



posted by blar @ 1:38 am

0 comments










sunday, october 08, 2006



	 
	 it's not what you say about the scandal...
	 
    


...it's what the scandal says about you.  and as even a "frustrated gop strategist" can see, his party's mishandling of foley "speaks to our inability to govern and do the right thing. it says everything about who we are as a party."all of the bizarre things that republicans are saying about the scandal are just making it worse.



posted by blar @ 6:44 am

0 comments










thursday, september 21, 2006



	 
	 go-meme go
	 
    


metapolitics go-memehow should politics be conducted? i've marked in my positions on the 7-point scales below. to participate yourself, simply copy this entire post (including links), and mark your choices accordingly before posting it to your own blog.a) liberalism   - x - - - - -   radicalism (2/7)do the ends justify the means? procedural liberals insist on the primacy of fair play and democratic process. radicals care less about method, and more about getting the desired result.b) rationalism   - - x - - - -   subjectivism (3/7)is there ever a "right answer" to political questions? rationalists think that reasoned debate could, ideally, lead to consensus about the common good. subjectivists see politics as a mere contest of wills, all rhetoric and power plays, where the goal is simply to have your individual preferences win through.c) direct   - - - - - x -   representative democracy (6/7)should power rest more with citizens or elected representatives?d) aggregation   - - x - - - -   deliberation (3/7)should political decisions be reached by simply aggregating individuals' prior preferences, or by submitting reasons for deliberation and critical scrutiny?e) federalist   - - - x - - -   globalist (4/7)what's the most appropriate level for political decisions? federalists favour local-level decision-making (which may vary across localities), in contrast to globalists.f) libertarian   - - x - - - -   authoritarian (3/7)how much discretionary power should be allowed in politics? libertarians favour greater (e.g. constitutional) constraints on the exercise of political power. authoritarians (may include populists and paternalists) are the opposite.g) economic left   - x - - - - -   right (2/7)how favourably do you view redistributive taxation and other typically "left-wing" economic policies?track list:1. philosophy, et cetera2. kiwi pundit3. geniusnz4. blargh blog5. [add link to your blog here]



posted by blar @ 2:33 am

0 comments










saturday, september 02, 2006



	 
	 i am two
	 
    


where were you on september 2, 2004?  i was here, on the internets, for the very first time.  self, noted.how have i changed over the years?  let's compare.choice - then: in favor; now: in favordemocracy - then: in favor; now: in favorfamily - then: in favor; now: in favorfreedom - then: in favor; now: in favorfriendship - then: in favor; now: in favorhappiness - then: in favor; now: in favorhealth - then: in favor; now: in favorincompetence - then: opposed; now: opposed injustice - then: opposed; now: opposedknowledge - then: in favor; now: in favorlife - then: in favor; now: in favormurder - then: opposed; now: opposedpie - then: in favor; now: in favorprogress - then: in favor; now: in favorslander - then: opposed; now: opposedslavery - then: opposed; now: opposedstrife - then: opposed; now: opposedsuffering - then: opposed; now: opposedterrorism - then: opposed; now: opposedtorture - then: opposed; now: opposedtyranny - then: opposed; now: opposednot that much, apparently.



posted by blar @ 9:41 pm

1 comments










friday, august 11, 2006



	 
	 more moral equivalence nonsense from the left
	 
    


today's moral equivalence nonsense comes from a prominent democrat senator from connecticut:i'm worried that too many people, both in politics and out, don't appreciate the seriousness of the threat to american security and the evil of the enemy that faces us -- more evil or as evil as nazism and probably more dangerous than the soviet communists we fought during the long cold war.as evil as the nazis, more dangerous than the soviet communists, able to leap tall buildings with a single bound - it must be superterrorist!  seriously, what is it with the left seeing nazis everywhere?  and this is the man who they wanted to be vice president in 2000? no wonder they lost!the free republic is on the case, as always, and various lefties are spinning predictably.  but this is the best they can do:is ahmadinejad "more evil, or as evil" as hitler? ... [t]he potential is there, with his holocaust denial and all that...hmmm, denying the holocaust vs. comitting the holocaust.  morally equivalent?  outside of a few depraved leftists and islamists, i trust that most of you can figure that one out on your own.    related: go joe rabble rousers



posted by blar @ 5:54 pm

0 comments














about me

name:  blar 
location:  united states 
view my complete profile

  
"i hope that 
i have done my part in joining in the swarm of bloggers that are stinging this country's liberal, conservative, and media elite into submission with the truth, while simultaneously producing volumes of sweet, gooey honey."

technorati trackbacks

truth laid bear ecosystem

why the name?

questions, comments, email, etc.

home


words you can use


memodome
precarious pinnacle
recommended posts
patriotism, right or wrong?
philosophy that's off the (flesch-kincaid) charts
gettier phone call
blink by malcolm gladwell; 
part ii
mini-break, irregularly backformed; 
more
pascal's wager in a pluralistic society
the island of truth and lies
naive realism
precarious pinnacles; 
more
calculating the perfect haircut
my, my, my, what a word
introducing
myself


archives

september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
september 2007
june 2009

recent posts

budget deficits
government taxes
what is wrong with our society?
easy answers to easy questions
close elections
it's not what you say about the scandal...
go-meme go
i am two
more moral equivalence nonsense from the left
what do these people have in common?

links
if you like the internet, you'll love:

arts & letters daily
the place where interesting articles go to spread.
cognitive daily
less regular than the arts & letters (despite the similar name), but more cognitive sciencey.
crooked timber
with a name from kant - perhaps the first to recognize that everyone is a little bit gay - it's gotta be good.  "out of the crooked timber of humanity..."
edge
eavesdrop on top scientists who talk to each other about what they're interested in.
fafblog!!
the whole worlds only source for fafblog.
matthew yglesias
he tends to give the impression "that's what i would think, if i knew what i was talking about."
meaning of life tv
interviews on cosmic questions with dennett, fukuyama, maynard smith, pinker, polkinghorne, and others.
mixing memory
mixing cognitive psychology, politics, philosophy, and more.
obsidian wings
what a pretty name.  who would have suspected what kind of serious political discussion lurks beneath...
philosophy, et cetera 
curiosity, insight, and philosophy go together well.
philosophy weblogs
they're all here so that i don't have to put them all on my blogroll.

the rest of my blogroll








back home
 





 


