



element's song


















 

 
 



updates m-w-f
comic for monday , june 6 , 2005 


























box o' news!!
hmm. how to begin. i guess i'd first like to start by saying a big thank you to all my readers and those that have e-mailed me with fan stuff, or just a simple compliment. they each meant the world to me and made doing this worth it. to be honest, i should have done something like this a long time ago. i think i was determined to get this comic back off the ground and didn't want to admit failure. i inisted i would start it again to those that asked, and even convinced myself of that. now, well over a year since it last updated, i think it's time to say that the ride was fun while it lasted, but it's pretty much over. 
i didn't think i'd have to say anything, since i figured people would have stopped bothering with this comic a while ago. safe to say, i'm still surprised that i get e-mails regarding this comic, and that people still visit from time to time. 
not all the e-mails i got were postive. some were out-right rude, and would call me things like "lazy" or "selfish". i wonder what kind of exciting lives these people must lead if they need to waste their time and mine by writing me to tell me what a selfish and lazy person i was for not updating the comic on time. this began sortly after i stopped updating daily. when i would update, they wouldn't say a word, but as soon as i stopped, bam, there they were to tell me what a horrible person i was. 
it was all so very encouraging.
these e-mails often overshadowed the positive ones, however. to those that did send e-mails like that...and i'm not talking about ones that gushed and told me how great my comic was, and were full of positive and wonderful things to say to me...i mean ones that weren't...rude and belittled me and my hard work... thank you. seriously. from the bottom from my heart. to my fans that have stuck with me through thick and thin and followed me around even after i stopped doing this comic, thank you. to those that sent me fan art and fan fiction, or just a simple e-mail or im, thank you. you all made this worth it, and brought a smile to my face each time.
so...to answer that question i get so often, no. i don't think i'll be updating this comic again. at least not for a very long time. element's song is a story i've had with me since i was very young. it's a story i want to tell, and maybe one day i'll be able to find the time to do it. i love these characters, and have gotten very attached to them. i don't think i'll let them go that easy.
i haven't dissappeared completely off the net. i have another comic, antichrist daiji i update whenever i can. element's song was a learning experience, if nothing else. and i learned i can't overwork myself with one thing, or else i'll get fed up with it. my mind is a fleeting thing. i have so many stories in my head, but i get bored with them and move onto another. 
i'll also be at anthrocon this year. it'll be my first year going. if you see me, be sure to stop and say hi. 
i also have a gallery at deviant art i have others, but this is my most often updated. check it out if you have the time. 
all in all, i'm thankful i did this comic. i met so many wonderful people, some of which i've lost contact with over the years. i've met some great artists and even better friends, and several new inspirations. i've developed as an artist, and improved in both my drawing and writing skill. and for all that, i'm glad.
thank you all for your time. it was a blast. maybe we'll do it again sometime.
-zina





first comic previous comic 











cast
good guys
bad guys
higher beings
others


info
story
faq


archives
community
forum
fan page!


misc.
test
evil test
links
downloads




















vote for me in keenspace top 99



 


 
 


















other comics:
cute li'l
                anti-christ daiji
spiritfighters


art archives:
elfwood
side7
vcl






.
element's song and all the characters are
copyrighted to allie manydeeds (me)/enigma manga. if there's
something about it you'd like to share with me, e-mail me at zina_cat@hotmail.com
and look at my livejournal!

you are the 





 person to look at my comic.
element's song is hosted on keenspace, a free webhosting and site automation service for
webcomics






element's song is part of the anthro art ring
this site is owned by zina.






[ next page | 
previous | 
next 5 sites | 
previous 5 sites | 
random site | 
list all sites]






