






	tar heel times - unc basketball, football and recruiting news












tar heel times
unc sports & recruiting news

menu


basketball
basketball recruiting
football
football recruiting
baseball
women's bb
tweets
shop
tickets
more







quick links

recruiting | schedules | basketball | football | baseball | women's bb | tweets | desktop view



carolina insider podcast: unc basketball updates; hubert davis, grace townsend interviewsunc basketball snapped a four-game road losing streak by topping syracuse on saturday, 88-82 (2:32). grace townsend from no. 9 women's basketball discusses her clutch free throws in the tar heels' win over nc state (33:58). hubert davis stops by to check in (50:26). plus, a winning weekend for the tar heels (1:00:52).
 (listen to podcast) tue feb 18 | basketball | women's basketball
 | videos & podcasts






unc baseball hosts kansas state for midweek clash tuesdaythe diamond heels host kansas state in their first midweek game of the season on tuesday at 4 p.m. in boshamer stadium. unc opened its 135th baseball season with a weekend series sweep of texas tech. pitching was the story for the tar heels. a staff that came into the season hyped for its depth, combined to pitch a 1.67 era across three games. (goheels.com)tue feb 18 | baseball
| permalink
roy williams says hubert davis right man for job, cringes when people question thatroy williams’ support was a big reason unc hired hubert davis to succeed him, and this season's struggles haven’t changed that. "we’ve had some tough moments," williams said. "but the season’s not over. i think we’re going to make a run, and i would love for it to turn around 180 degrees so i can look at those other suckers and tell them to shut up." (tar heel tribune)tue feb 18 | basketball
| permalink
video: shooting it straight with justin jackson - six games, one goal for unc basketballformer acc player of the year and 2017 national champion justin jackson joins inside carolina's john bauman to discuss unc basketball's win over syracuse, the performances of jae'lyn withers and ian jackson, questions about elliot cadeau, the future of the smith center, and more.
 (view video) tue feb 18 | basketball
 | videos & podcasts










this week in unc baseball: good start, big week aheadunc baseball opened 2025 with a sweep of visiting texas tech. the tar heels' pitching staff that had been the talk of the fall and preseason kept the red raiders in check at the plate while unc’s ‘doubles’ offense got wins on the scoreboard. coach scott discusses the weekend and the surprises that even had the head man impressed during the series. (inside carolina)tue feb 18 | baseball
| permalink
video: thi podcast - why did hubert davis deflect the gm question?unc head men's basketball coach hubert davis generated some attention monday with his comments about what he’d previously said regarding adding a general manager to the program. we discuss what the tar heels’ coach said, some of the reaction to it, and offer our thoughts.
 (view video) tue feb 18 | basketball
 | videos & podcasts
podcast: hubert davis live - unc vs. nc state, virginia previews; syracuse recap; fan questionsnorth carolina head men's basketball coach hubert davis joins jones angell from the tar heel sports network on monday night to talk about unc's win over syracuse, preview the tar heels' upcoming matchups against nc state and virginia, answer tar heel fans' questions, and more.
 (listen to podcast) tue feb 18 | basketball
 | videos & podcasts





david ford, unc men's golf in the lead at the prestigedavid ford, the no. 1 ranked player in the pga tour university standings, shot 5-under 66 and freshman ethan paschal carded a 68 to lead the unc men's golf team to the top of the leader board on monday after round one of the prestige at pga west in la quinta, california. the tar heels shot 9-under 275 to hold a three-stroke advantage over kansas (-6). (goheels.com)tue feb 18 | golf
| permalink
michael jordan turns 62: sixty-two fascinating facts about his airness on his birthdaytime slows down for no one, but it has not dimmed michael jordan's shine or star power. he received the loudest ovation of any legend during the celebration of the nba's 75th anniversary team during the 2022 all-star game. go to any gym, playground or school, and you will find one of mj's signature shoes on more feet than any other player's shoes. (cbs sports)mon feb 17 | basketball
 | tar heels in the nba | permalink
hubert davis shies away from gm talk, not liking the 'narratives' that are out thereafter mentioning during his radio show that he would hire a general manager, unc basketball coach hubert davis didn’t want to talk about it during the weekly acc press conference monday. he didn’t like the "narratives" he heard after those comments were reported. but he was happy to talk about jae'lyn withers’ performance against syracuse. (tar heel tribune)mon feb 17 | basketball
| permalink
video: the impact of stuart scott's "fight like hell" espys speechin 2014, stuart scott accepted the jimmy v award at the espys, leaving us all with a memory and a message that still echoes today. featuring interviews with his daughters taelor and sydni scott and colleagues who knew him well, the feature reflects upon scott’s legacy, authenticity and the profound impact of his speech and what it helped to create. (espn.com)mon feb 17 | campus connections
 | videos & podcasts| permalink
reniya kelly named acc women's basketball player of the weeknorth carolina sophomore guard reniya kelly has been named acc women’s basketball player of the week. the hoover, alabama, native opened the week with 20 points to lead unc to a 67-62 win over virginia tech. in sunday’s 66-65 win over no. 10 nc state, kelly posted a career-high 23 points and knocked down five 3-pointers to pace the tar heels. (the acc)mon feb 17 | women's basketball
| permalink
unc women's basketball notebook: win over nc state win boosts unc's chance to host in marchnorth carolina, despite losing alyssa ustby to a lower-body injury, losing the rebounding battle by 20, and trailing by five with a minute-and-a-half to go, defeated the wolfpack 66-65 at home. with sunday's victory, the tar heels are now fourth in the acc standings behind notre dame, n.c. state, and duke. the tar heels are 2-1 against those teams. (inside carolina)mon feb 17 | women's basketball
| permalink
video: thi podcast - early positives & red flags of the bill belichick erathe bill belichick era at north carolina is two months old, and last week we got to speak with gm michael lombardi for the first time. and in this edition of the unc football show, jacob & aj offer some observations from the first two months of the new regime, including positives and potential red flags.
 (view video) mon feb 17 | football
 | videos & podcasts
chansky’s notebook: replacing the smith centerdo you like the latest plan to replace the dean e. smith center? unc chancellor lee roberts, chairman of the newest committee on a future basketball arena, moved the needle with his proposal of a multi-use facility at the site of the old chapel hill airport on mlk boulevard. it’s an audacious plan that would take an estimated six years, start to finish. (chapelboro.com)mon feb 17 | basketball
| permalink
next >









unc recruiting news
unc basketball program offers 2026 five-star recruit toni bryant2026 top-10 recruit anthony thompson visited by 20 college progams, including uncvideo: coast to coast podcast - mixed week for unc basketball; gm, recruiting updatesdual-sport unc commit gary merrill left ‘speechless’ over playing for bill belichickbill belichick on unc's early recruiting returns, offseason goals, michael jordan support
more:

basketball recruiting
basketball recruits
football recruiting
football recruits
women's recruiting
baseball recruiting




college basketball recruiting
kayden and dylan mingo boost brotherly connection through basketballauburn lands commitment from high-scoring juco guard abdul bashir2027 five-star, nc high school basketball standout cj rosser visits duke for game versus stanfordfive-star basketball recruit tajh ariza visited by kentucky, alabama, michigan, usc, and morewhat to know about louisville basketball commitment, german star sananda fru
more basketball recruiting



"anybody but carolina"
tom izzo's milestone victories at michigan state on way to big ten record 354 winsluka doncic feels lakers fans' love in debut. 'it felt amazing'department of education revokes guidance on title ix and athlete paycollege basketball saturday: scores, winners and losershubie brown's 70-year career in basketball concludes with final broadcast as bucks defeat 76ers
more sports news



most popular articles
unc basketball moves up in net after win, but likely needs six-game win streak to make ncaa fieldr.j. davis says tar heels are all on the same page nowunc baseball makes changes to midweek scheduledual-sport unc commit gary merrill left ‘speechless’ over playing for bill belichickhubert davis shies away from gm talk, not liking the 'narratives' that are out there
more top stories



unc olympic sports news
this week in unc baseball: good start, big week aheaddavid ford, unc men's golf in the lead at the prestigereniya kelly named acc women's basketball player of the weekunc women's basketball notebook: win over nc state win boosts unc's chance to host in marchunc women's basketball leaps into top 10 after taking down nc state
more olympic sports



carolina connections
chapel hill & unc campus news
video: the impact of stuart scott's "fight like hell" espys speechunc set to build new dorm, considering increase in undergraduate student enrollmentunc, the nation's first public university, turns 230celebrating black history at unccarolina insider podcast: unc basketball vs. pitt/clemson recaps, dr. hal kushner interview
more unc news



today in unc history
february 18, 1926a 17-8 loss to nc state marks the fewest points in unc history, but two weeks later, carolina beats mississippi state to win the southern conference tournament.
history archives






scores & schedules
full schedules
men's basketball
football
women's basketball
baseball
all unc schedules
*all times eastern

tuesday, february 18baseballkansas state4:00 pm chapel hill, boshamer stadiumtickets softballsouth carolina6:00 pm columbia, s.c.secn+ wednesday, february 19men's basketballnc state7:00 pm chapel hill, smith centerespn, tickets, radio, streaming thursday, february 20women's basketballsyracuse6:00 pm syracuse, n.y.accn, tickets, streaming men's tennissouth carolina state4:00 pm chapel hill, chewning tennis centerstreaming softballmaryland6:00 pm chapel hill, n.c. 






tar heel birthdays
justin boaz (43)footballscott cherry (54)basketballjack palance (1919-2006)football, actorally sentnor (21)soccer all-americacharles waddell (72)football, basketball, track & fieldjames wagstaff (47)football
view all birthdays



thought for the day
we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.--aristotle
quotes archive



friendly feedback
"living in houston one definitely doesn't see much news related to the tar heels. instead of bouncing around to several sites trying to keep-up with the the heels, you guys offer "one-stop" service. thanks for putting together such an informative site. dook sux!"--g.l. '92
send us your feedback
what others are saying





© 2005-2025 tar heel times | contact | privacy policy | site map | rss | did unc win?tar heel times is an unofficial resource for unc fans and is not affiliated with the university of north carolina.
