


cherokeeindians.com

















































please helpkeep 
    the heritage alivewith a donation






























 
















        siyothe cherokee, or
         
        (ah-ni-yv-wi-ya) in the
        
        cherokee language, are a people native to
        
        north america, who at the time of european contact in the
        
        16th century, inhabited what is now the
        
        eastern united states and
        
        southeastern united states until most were forcefully moved to the
        ozark 
        plateau. they were one of the tribes referred to as the
        
        five civilized tribes.







            cherokee nation



official web site :     headquartered near tulsa, oklahoma.
             
the cherokee nation was originally located over a broad territory covering much of what is now the southeastern united states. in 1838 under the direction of president andrew jackson, the cherokees were forcibly removed from their lands in what is now remembered as the infamous trail of tears.
             
the cherokee nation has produced an excellent web site, especially for those interested in tribal current events as well as cultural information.
             



            eastern band of cherokee
 


official web site :    headquartered in cherokee, north carolina.
 some cherokees defied the united states government and refused to leave their native lands choosing instead to hide in the wilderness of the blue ridge mountains. although technically not a federal reservation, cherokee, nc is located in the center of a recognized land trust known as the qualla boundary.
the eastern band of the cherokee nation has produced a very good web site with general information on cultural events as well as its gaming endeavors.
             



            georgia tribe of eastern cherokee



official web site :    headquartered in cumming, georgia.
at one time, georgia had perhaps the single largest population concentration of cherokees within any of the modern recognized  political boundaries of the united states. most of the cherokees that remain today are descended from ancestors that inter-married with white settlers and therefore were not forced to relocate. the georgia tribe of the eastern cherokee is the only officially recognized tribe by the state of georgia and is currently petitioning for federal recognition.
             
the georgia tribe of the eastern cherokee has produced a very good historical reference web site and is developing resources to aid those trying to research their genealogical roots.
             please use 
        the navigational bar to your left to explore this site. certain links 
        are not fully functional yet, so please excuse us while we continue to 
        design this site.




united keetoowah band







