


free backup software for cloud backup to google drive, onedrive, dropbox






















home
features
download
awards
help
backup glossary
contact us












 handy backup prohandy backup serverwww.handybackup.net



automatic backup scheduler



cloud storages for backup files




intuitive explorer styleuser interface




integrated zipcompression




128 bitencryption




synchronize foldersand files


ftp backup
copyright © 2002-    novosoft llc   






free backup software for cloud backup

handy backup free for cloud is a completely free backup utility. it can save user files and folders from a local machine or a mapped drive to accounts on popular cloud backup services, including google drive, microsoft onedrive, dropbox and hbdrive.

download handy backup free for cloud
key advantages


completely free backup software solution.
"hot" backup of user files and folders.
flexible scheduling for operational tasks.
a big pack of built-in backup functions (see below).
keeping data in native formats, allowing using, copying and even modifying backups.


free backup solutions and methods included

this cloud backup windows tool includes many internal backup and control functions. here is a list of the crucial features offered by this free backup utility:

built-in encryption and compression by well-proven blowfish and zip algorithms;
different backup methods: full, incremental, differential, mixed full/differential backup;
file masks for auto searching or excluding data (e.g. for backup photos to google drive);
running other programs before and/or after a task if you need it;
controlling all aspects of this free backup windows software via the graphic interface.



free backup software for windows 10, windows 8.1/8, windows 7, windows vista, windows server 2012/2012r2, windows server 2008/2008r2

differences between free and commercial editions

even the simplest standard edition of handy backup has much more built-in plug-ins to serve as automatic backup and restore software, including using clouds and networks as backup sources, local drives as storages etc. however, the functionality of free backup software remains at the same level.


explore the capabilities of handy backup with a free for cloud edition, a powerful cloud backup and recovery software keeping your everyday files and folders intact for absolutely no cost. try this best free backup solution for windows and modern clouds ц start just now!


read more about upgrades on the handy backup new web site.

















compare handy backup standard with handy backup free








