



welcome to empowerment systems, littleton, centennial, highlands ranch











 


































 




 
























"........when change is the challenge."



             
                

                personal and professional development resources
                


we work virtually and see occasional clients in littleton, colorado. 
        



empowerment

systems, since 1972. 
"useful

ideas, clear instructions, direct personal advice and unconditional support

for making your life, your work, and your relationships better than you

ever imagined they could be." 



logosynthesis
 logosynthesis™
  is an easy to learn process for healing and development that will help you get unstuck
  from all kinds of difficult problems.

it
is a simple verbal technique for taking the negative energy out of
things/people/situations that distress you.
"... the
      most useful intervention method i ever have experienced... i would
      recommend the class to anyone who would like to move through life with
      greater ease and effectiveness." (from an nlp master practitioner)
 we discovered the process in 2010 and we continue to be thrilled with its effectiveness. we are currently the only master certified practitioners and trainers in the united states. 
read
      more...                            upcoming events           



letting it go: relieve anxiety and toxic stress in just a few minutes using only words



reviews on amazon 
download your free copy of 
a brief guide to logosynthesis 
click here to download


for our current publications:
logosynthesis books
relationship
                books
psychotherapy books 
blog
dr. jonathan weiss has retired. dr. laurie weiss still maintains a limited practice.






you can contact us directly to discuss what is best for you and your group. we offer a variety of options including 




classes 
talks 
podcast guest appearances 
book group visits 
professional conference presentations, 




 and limited individual appointments. 
we work in person, by phone and by zoom. 
  
jonathan

b. weiss, ph.d.
and
laurie

weiss, ph.d.

are partners in life

and work. they are internationally recognized authors and relationship

specialists. the weisses have been married (to each other) more than 60 years, and have
        over 50 years experience as business partners, coaching

people in powerful ways to improve the quality of their relationships. 


photo by ginger bruner

      empowerment systems

506 west davies way

littleton ·

colorado · 80120

303.794.5379

weiss@empowermentsystems.com · e-mail


"committed

to helping people use all of their inner resources
to

create satisfying and fulfilling lives." 







