




media nation




















media nation has moved!
you should be automatically redirected in 6 seconds. if not, visit  http://www.dankennedy.net  and update your bookmarks.






    
	media nation
	
  
by dan kennedy • now online at www.dankennedy.net



saturday, august 22, 2009



	 media nation's new home
    


i ended up moving a little more quickly on this than i had intended. but media nation, hosted on blogspot.com since 2005, has now moved to its own server. please click here to keep reading. and adjust your bookmarks accordingly. i hope you like the new look and what i hope will prove to be improvements in functionality.comments here are now closed. if you would like to post a comment, please visit the new site.



posted by dan kennedy @ 9:16 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, august 21, 2009



	 alpha-testers wanted
    


shhhh ... no one is supposed to know. but would you mind taking a peek at an early version of what may wind up as the new media nation? it's built with wordpress, and you'll find it here. don't bother clicking around — i've got a long way to go. i am strictly asking for your first impression. better than the current look and feel? worse? or no different?labels: wordpress



posted by dan kennedy @ 3:34 pm  
      
         25 comments









	 a taylor-made globe?
    


in what may prove to be very good news for readers of the boston globe, a group led by stephen taylor — a prominent member of the family that sold the paper to the new york times co. in 1993 — has, if i'm reading the tea leaves correctly, moved into the pole position to buy the paper.beth healy reports in today's globe that taylor and california-based platinum equity have made it to the next round, and that both groups will tour the paper around labor day. meanwhile, a group led by partners healthcare chairman jack connors and boston celtics co-owner stephen pagliuca — pointedly described as having submitted "the lowest bid" — will be on the outside looking in. whether that might change is unclear.no new owner of the globe, not even a taylor, is going to restore the glory days. but the taylors were very good stewards of the paper, and stephen taylor, a former globe business executive, is said to be one of the sharper members of his family. in addition, a media nation source who knows him tells me he's a good guy.connors, too, is a good guy. but he's also involved in just about every civic and business group in greater boston, and it's hard to believe he could offer the globe the sort of independent leadership it needs. given that he and pagliuca are said to be interested in pursuing some sort of non-profit arrangement, you also have to wonder whether they've got enough capital to pull it off.according to healy, both the taylor group and platinum submitted bids to buy the globe, the telegram & gazette of worcester and boston.com for about $35 million (a far cry from the $1.1 billion the times co. paid 16 years ago for just the globe) and agreed to assume $59 million in pension liabilities.given that times co. chairman arthur sulzberger jr. recently said price will not be the only consideration, i would think a group with deep roots in both boston and journalism would have an advantage over platinum, whose executives may be interested mainly in the real estate.for big-money investors, $94 million is not an enormous sum. i suspect that what will separate the winner from the losers in this deal is the willingness and ability to keep losing money until the paper can be restructured into a profitable business. and yes, i'm confident that someone can do it.more: over at beat the press, ralph ranalli laments the exclusion of the connors group, arguing that non-profit is the only viable model for the newspaper business moving forward. ralph and i agree, though, that platinum would be bad news all around.labels: boston globe, media business, new york times co.



posted by dan kennedy @ 10:07 am  
      
         8 comments









	 democracy and the senate (ii)
    


the notion that the boston globe and the boston herald represent ideologically opposite editorial positions is overblown. the herald and its editorial-page editor, rachelle cohen, aren't really all that conservative. and the globe, whose editorial page recently transitioned from longtime editor renée loth to former washington-bureau chief peter canellos, is just contrarian enough on issues like charter schools to keep liberals agitated.an exception is today. the globe offers its full-throated endorsement to sen. ted kennedy's proposal that would allow gov. deval patrick to name an interim senator in the event of a vacancy. the interim would serve until a special election could be held five months later. with kennedy's battle against brain cancer apparently entering its final stages, the matter has taken on special urgency.in supporting kennedy's proposal, the globe criticizes the legislature for having taken the gubernatorial appointment away five years ago, when it appeared that sen. john kerry might be elected president and democratic leaders at the statehouse did not want then-governor mitt romney, a republican, to name kerry's successor. the globe calls the 2004 law "a partisan bill."which, of course, it was. and which leads the herald to invoke that same 2004 action as a reason to reject kennedy's current proposal, in an editorial headlined "hypocrisy factor."yet kennedy is not proposing that the 2004 be repealed. instead, he's suggesting a slight tweak that would benefit the state, which otherwise would go without a vote in the senate for five months. (i'll note without comment that massachusetts went without two full-time senators during kerry's presidential campaign and, now, through long stretches of kennedy's illness.)kennedy's idea is to choose a person who would make a personal pledge not to run in the special election. the herald observes that romney had proposed a similar provision only to get shot down. but that's no reason not to adopt a good idea now. and i'll go one better. assuming there isn't some constitutional reason not to do it, why not write the no-run requirement directly into the kennedy proposal and give it the force of law?obviously that's not going to satisfy herald columnist howie carr, who portrays kennedy's move as one last grand gesture of deathbed hackery — and makes much of the fact that kennedy's letter to state leaders, reportedly sent on tuesday, is dated july 2 (a catch made yesterday by friend of media nation beth wellington). carr takes the mysterious timing of the letter as a sign that kennedy's time is almost up, and he may be right.but so what? this strikes me as a can't-lose idea. the benefit of the 2004 law would remain intact — kennedy's successor would be chosen at the ballot box, not by the governor. meanwhile, the state would continue to have representation in the senate.which is why i'm especially intrigued by globe columnist scot lehigh's suggestion that former governor michael dukakis fill the role as interim senator. (disclosure: dukakis is a colleague of mine at northeastern, although only to the extent that we exchange hand waves.)media nation commenter amused thinks dukakis "comes with too much baggage, a lot of it unjustifiable." i disagree. dukakis' three terms as governor did not end well, but, outside the exceedingly small universe of talk radio, he is mainly seen as competent and honest. and, as lehigh notes, dukakis knows health-care policy. it's a great idea.a final note. also in the herald, once and future romney spokesman eric fehrnstrom quotes from a 2004 boston phoenix editorial supporting the bill that took away the gubernatorial appointment. i may well have had a hand in writing that editorial — i recognize some of the clichés as being all mine.but the editorial specifically objected to the idea of a governor filling the remainder of a senator's term if his seat became vacant. in kerry's case, that would have been two years. by contrast, what we're talking about now is having an interim, temporary senator appointed as soon as there's a vacancy, followed by a special election five months later. that's quite a difference.labels: boston globe, boston herald, deval patrick, howie carr, mitt romney, scot lehigh, ted kennedy



posted by dan kennedy @ 9:04 am  
      
         9 comments






thursday, august 20, 2009



	 democracy and the senate
    


ted kennedy, battling brain cancer, strikes exactly the right balance in his letter (pdf) to state officials on how his seat in the u.s. senate should be filled.in a story broken by the boston globe's frank phillips, kennedy endorses a 2004 law that took away the governor's ability to fill a senate vacancy and gave it to the voters instead. but kennedy also calls for an amendment allowing the governor to appoint an interim senator who would serve during the five-month period preceding the special election. finally, kennedy suggests that the governor appoint someone who promises not to seek election.the law was changed five years ago when it looked like sen. john kerry might be elected president. legislative leaders wanted to make sure that then-governor mitt romney, a republican, would not have the ability to choose kerry's successor. once and future romney spokesman eric fehrnstrom refers to that on twitter today:wishing dems now calling for gov to appt kennedy replacement stood with romney in 2004 when they took that power away from him.(fun random fact: i ran into fehrnstrom on the summit of mt. monadnock recently.)but democrats did the right thing then, even if it was for partisan reasons. as kennedy suggests, they should leave the law alone, but not let the seat go unfilled for five months.the wisdom of the 2004 law was proved after president obama's election last fall. first, then-illinois governor rod blagojevich disgraced himself and his office by putting obama's senate seat up for sale — an action that led to federal corruption charges against him. the appointment went to the supposedly incorruptible roland burris, who turned out to be highly tainted himself.then, after obama named sen. hillary clinton of new york as his secretary of state, gov. donald paterson turned the appointment of a successor into a circus, using anonymous aides to smear caroline kennedy, who wanted the job but was clearly unprepared. the post eventually went to an obscure albany-area congresswoman, kirsten gillenbrand.no one is suggesting that gov. deval patrick would pull a blago or even a paterson. but senators should be elected, not appointed, as has been the case since the 17th amendment took effect in 1913. kennedy's proposal honors that proposition while plugging an unnecessary gap.photo of kennedy (cc) by will white and republished here under a creative commons license. some rights reserved.labels: caroline kennedy, david paterson, deval patrick, rod blagojevich, ted kennedy



posted by dan kennedy @ 9:48 am  
      
         37 comments






wednesday, august 19, 2009



	 don hewitt, 1922-2009
    


i felt no need to say something nasty or snarky (or much of anything) yesterday when syndicated columnist robert novak died. he was, in essence, a minor figure, and he probably would have agreed with that assessment. i do think his sins have been exaggerated over the years, especially with respect to the valerie plame wilson case. as jack shafer observed in slate, it appears that novak didn't even realize the value of what he had.on a strictly personal basis, novak appears to have been well-liked, despite his reputation for prickliness. i once did a brief telephone interview with him for a profile i was writing of someone who'd worked with him. he was charming and generous with his time. i found his column to be a hodgepodge of indeciperable bits of insiderdom, but i enjoyed his glowering "prince of darkness" television persona. late in life, novak found his true calling.now we learn that don hewitt (photo), a longtime cbs news producer and the creator of "60 minutes," has died at the age of 86. hewitt was a great journalist — among the greatest of his generation. no, "60 minutes" has never been all that it could have been. but hewitt was forced to work within the constraints of a commercial television system that put more and more emphasis on profit during the course of his long and productive career.i think it was hewitt himself who once said that, in one respect, "60 minutes" was the worst thing that ever happened to network news. why? because it was the first time network executives realized they could make money from what had previously been regarded as a public-service obligation.as with walter cronkite, hewitt's death's is an enormous loss, bringing us back to a time when television news was better than it is today.labels: don hewitt, robert novak, walter cronkite



posted by dan kennedy @ 12:19 pm  
      
         5 comments









	 howard owens talks about the batavian
    


my spring-and-summer video tour of innovative online news organizations continues with howard owens, publisher of the batavian, a for-profit news site in western new york state that he founded when he was director of digital publishing for gatehouse media.owens left gatehouse earlier this year and took the batavian with him. i visited him in late june and spent a few days interviewing him and other folks in batavia. owens, though, is the only one i captured on video.here are links to my earlier video interviews:christine stuart, editor and publisher of ct news junkie, which covers political and governmental news from the connecticut state house, in hartford.adil nurmakov, central asia editor for global voices online, whom i interviewed in almaty, kazakhstan.solana larsen, managing editor of global voices.paul bass, editor and publisher of the new haven independent, a non-profit news site.debbie galant, co-founder of baristanet, a for-profit community news site in montclair, n.j.labels: batavian, gatehouse, howard owens, new media, video, youtube



posted by dan kennedy @ 11:25 am  
      
         2 comments






tuesday, august 18, 2009



	 aggravation over aggregation
    


in my latest for the guardian, i take a look at the increasingly contentious issue of aggregation, and at what constitutes good and bad linking practices.labels: copyright, guardian, media business, new media



posted by dan kennedy @ 2:37 pm  
      
         1 comments









	 robert novak, 1931-2009
    


romenesko is rounding up coverage here. and yes, wikipedia has already incorporated his just-announced death into its novak bio.labels: robert novak



posted by dan kennedy @ 12:44 pm  
      
         4 comments









	 the stories behind the taliban story
    


with the election in afghanistan just days away, globalpost, the boston-based international news service, has weighed in with a first-rate multimedia presentation on the taliban.reported by executive editor charles sennott and photographed mainly by seamus murphy, the package includes text, videos, a slideshow, a historical timeline, a google map, and podcasts posted to the public radio program "the world."for sennott, a former reporter for the boston globe, the project is something of a reprise. in 2006, sennott was one of the principal journalists who helped put together a package on the war against terrorism, published on the fifth anniversary of 9/11. his "reporter's notebook" of multimedia dispatches from afghanistan and pakistan was something of a pioneering effort.in the globalpost series, sennott draws on his long experience in the region, interviewing sources he first met years ago. and he offers some nuance that leaves you feeling uneasy.take, for instance, sally and don goodrich, a vermont couple whose son, peter, was killed in one of the planes that flew into the world trade center. the goodriches rebuilt their lives by founding a girls school in afghanistan, in an area that has since been overrun by the taliban. not long ago they were presented evidence by u.s. military officials showing that some of their closest afghan friends were taliban collaborators. sennott writes:sally described the scene that day, saying, "i am getting up from the table, leaning forward and i said, 'these men gave me back my life.' and [army brigadier general michael] ryan leaned toward me and he said, 'and they are taking the lives of my men.'"powerful stuff."life, death and the taliban" is grounded in the news but not dependent on it. as a result, it's a resource that is likely to be as valuable three or six months from now as it is today. more than anything, it explains the human dimension behind an incredibly complex story.labels: afghanistan, charles sennott, globalpost, pakistan, taliban



posted by dan kennedy @ 12:11 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 from the eliot to j.j. foley's
    


the boston globe's alex beam has a must-read column on the seedier side of boston journalism history.labels: alex beam



posted by dan kennedy @ 10:37 am  
      
         3 comments






monday, august 17, 2009



	 patrick by the numbers
    


jon keller weighs in with a neat bit of media criticism, observing that today's boston globe story on gov. deval patrick's relative popularity in western massachusetts is based on a poll of just 70 people — "a sample so small, it's meaningless," as keller notes.labels: boston globe, deval patrick, jon keller, media criticism, polls



posted by dan kennedy @ 10:09 pm  
      
         6 comments









	 meeting my match
    


at the summit of mt. monadnocktwo years ago, following a six-day, 50-mile backpacking trip with our boy scout troop along the appalachian trail in the berkshires, i suggested something different for 2009: the monadnock-sunapee greenway, a 48-mile trail in western new hampshire that connects those two mountains.the at in new england tends to be choked with thru-hikers in august, some of them on the dubious side. and the greenway between monadnock and sunapee was relatively flat, or so i'd been told. so on the clear, sunny morning of saturday, aug. 8, four scouts and four adult leaders headed for jaffrey, n.h., to begin a five-day trip. and ran into trouble almost immediately.at 3,165 feet, monadnock is a modest mountain. now that a tramway has been built to the summit of mt. fuji, monadnock has actually overtaken it as the most-climbed in the world. yet monadnock is always harder than it looks, and i say that as someone who'd hiked it six times before, most recently last fall.we took a path none of us had hiked — the birchtoft trail, up monadnock's eastern slope — and then the red spot trail. that turned out to be exceptionally steep, with lots of hand-to-hand climbing up rock faces while wearing full backpacks. the adults were pretty much blasted by the time we reached the summit.but our day was far from over. at the top we picked up the dublin trail (which is co-terminus with the greenway), which we took to the northern base of the mountain. and from there we hiked to spiltoir shelter — one of a series of adirondacks with adjacent tent sites.somewhere along the way it began to dawn on me that, at 53, i wasn't the hiker i'd been even two years ago, though i'd been running and my weight was reasonably good. to go backpacking during a hot week in the summer is to suffer, and i'd known that going in. but, somehow, the suffering-to-enjoyment ratio had shifted into the negative.as it turned out, the next three days were not flat but, rather, consisted of one sharp, heart-pounding hill after another. we took a few shortcuts, and on one, along a paved road into the tiny village of washington, i took a hard fall, splitting my knee open and bruising my right hand and wrist badly enough that i thought i might have broken it. that would have made me the second adult to leave the group. fortunately, by the next morning it felt much better.it wasn't until we hit camp the fourth night, at moose lookout, that i was confident i would make it to the end. it poured that night. and though my new rei tent performed quite well, the trail on wednesday was a muddy, sloppy mess. we struggled to the top of mt. sunapee (elevation: 2,743 feet) by noon, then took the summit trail down to the parking lot. our week was over. (view in photo at right is from the sunapee summit.)the scouts had no problems, and we adults spent the week trying (and failing) to keep up with them. three had participated in the 50-miler two years ago. the fourth had climbed monadnock with a cub scout group i'd helped lead when he was barely 5 years old.as for me, my sixth 50-miler was probably my last. i'd gone on three in the 1970s, two as a scout and one as a 21-year-old, helping my old troop. and i've gone on three as a scout leader in recent years, starting in 2005, with my son as one of the scouts. it was hard in '05 and '07, but it's harder now.sure, i could run more. i could lose another 10 pounds. realistically, though, that's not going to happen. right now, shorter, easier trips in cooler weather sound like the way to go. i'm back in one piece, and there were times last week when i wondered if that would be possible.labels: backpacking, boy scouts, monadnock



posted by dan kennedy @ 10:48 am  
      
         12 comments






sunday, august 16, 2009



	 you learn something new every day
    


and here i thought the orange line stopped in back of northeastern and the green line in front. and that oak grove was the closest station to media nation world headquarters.labels: mbta



posted by dan kennedy @ 1:49 pm  
      
         5 comments









	 where it all went wrong
    


i'm no advertising expert, but steve buttry's post on newspapers' original sin strikes me as being exactly right:the disastrous error that newspapers made early in our digital lives was treating online advertising as a throw-in or upsell for their print advertisers. helping businesses connect with customers was always our business. we were facing new technology and new opportunities and we did next to nothing to explore how we might use this new technology to help businesses connect with customers.we just offered businesses the same old solutions that we offered in print, but pop-up ads and web banners somehow didn't work as well as display ads. which was just as well, because we told our business customers the ads weren’t worth much by the way we treated them.having blown the online-advertising business, newspaper executives are now going to make up for it by charging for online content — likely with miserable results. (via steve yelvington.)labels: advertising, media business, new media



posted by dan kennedy @ 1:29 pm  
      
         12 comments












advertisements




about the blogger

dan kennedy is an assistant professor at the northeastern university school of journalism. he writes for the guardian, commonwealth magazine and the boston phoenix, and is a regular commentator for wgbh-tv's "greater boston with emily rooney". e-mail him at da {dot} kennedy {at} neu {dot} edu.

sites

dankennedy.net: online hub, including published work
linkedin profile
facebook profile
twitter profile
"little people": kennedy's book about dwarfism
media log archives: blog for the boston phoenix, 2002-'05
woburn files: coverage of that city's toxic-waste tragedy

syndication

atom site feed
rss site feed

e-mail delivery

click here

links

altercation
best of the web
beyond red and blue
david bernstein
boston daily
boston online
boston sports media
bostonist
blue mass. group
campaigns & elections
cjr daily
daily howler
drudge report
the free for all
dan gillmor
seth gitell
globe blogs
greater boston blog
herald blogs
hub arts
hub blog
huffington post
instapundit
mickey kaus
jon keller
media bistro
media channel
messenger blog
newslink
rory o'connor
open source radio
howard owens
philocrites
phoenix blogs
project for excellence in journalism
adam reilly
romenesko
jay rosen
danny schechter
sox blog
andrew sullivan
robert david sullivan
talking points memo
today's front pages
universal hub
weekly dig blogs
wired journalists
wonkette

previous posts

media nation's new home
alpha-testers wanted
a taylor-made globe?
democracy and the senate (ii)
democracy and the senate
don hewitt, 1922-2009
howard owens talks about the batavian
aggravation over aggregation
robert novak, 1931-2009
the stories behind the taliban story

archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009

media nation is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noncommercial-share alike 3.0 united states license. some rights reserved. you must attribute this work to media nation (with link). for more information, please contact dan kennedy.






 visit wired journalists







 











