



 mosaic minds

































































 
about mm

poem for everyone
meet the volunteers
community service & support
contact us


staying safe
forums

our community
visit the forums


reading room
book store
 





welcome to mosaic minds


mosaic minds, inc. is a primarily internet based organization founded in 1999 by a group of dissociative survivors of childhood trauma and their loved ones. mosaic minds, inc. seeks to provide an online clearinghouse of information for those whose lives are impacted by the more extreme form of dissociation called “dissociative identity disorder” (did), formerly called “multiple personality disorder” (mpd).
we believe that those who survived significant trauma in their lives by using dissociation at an early age have demonstrated that their greatest strength lies within themselves. mosaic minds, inc seeks to provide fellow survivors a means of accessing and evaluating the plethora of information currently available on the subject of did via the internet.
mosaic minds, inc. provides an online format where people can share their experiences in living with this condition with others like themselves, as well as provide access to literature on the topic of dissociation and allow for comments and critiques of such literature.
share this:click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on linkedin (opens in new window)click to email a link to a friend (opens in new window)like this:like loading... 









search:

go!

a poem for everyone i will present you
parts
of
my
self
slowly
if you are patient and tender.
i will open drawers
that mostly stay closed
and bring out places and people and things
sounds and smells,
loves and frustrations,
hopes and sadnesses,
bits and pieces of three decades of life
that have been grabbed off
in chunks
and found lying in my hands.
they have eaten
their way into my memory,
carved their way into
my heart.
altogether
– you or i will never see them –
they are me.
if you regard them lightly,
deny that they are important
or worse, judge them
i will quietly, slowly,
begin to wrap them up,
in small pieces of velvet,
like worn silver and gold jewelry,
tuck them away
in a small wooden chest of drawers
and close.
john t. wood, 1974









proudly powered by wordpress | theme: spectrum by ignacio ricci. 












%d




