



















what is sas? - student academic services - cal poly, san luis obispo





























skip to content? current students
prospective students
parents
business community
faculty & staff
alumni
 
my calpoly login maps





























student academic servicesembrace your unlimited possibilities




what is sas?
contact us
 

home




what is sas? 
mission statement
to provide access to higher education, facilitate transition to the university environment, and assist in the development of academic and personal skills, thus promoting academic success towards graduation for a diverse student population.
through student academic services, students can utilize a network of academic services, advisors, and activities designed to assist you in excelling at cal poly and in enhancing your learning skills. we provide academic and personal advising, as well as a wide range of academic enhancement services which will support your personal growth and academic achievement at cal poly.
another of our goals is to offer support to students from backgrounds that have been traditionally underrepresented by income and/or disability in the california state university system. the goal of sas is to ensure that all students at cal poly have equal opportunity to achieve academic success and graduation.


redirection...
thank you for visiting this page. please be aware that this department is no longer structured as it once was. for assistance, kindly direct your inquiries to the appropriate department.
we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your understanding. 

 
department 
location
specialty 
mustang success center
building 52 
general advising questions
office of the registrar 

off campus

add/drop/withdrawal/course exceptions/etc.
financial aid

building 1
room 212

financial aid questions
student accounts

my portal

payment for tuition and fees
back to top
related content





connect with cal poly

 


cp home
directory
campus maps & directions
university store
calendar
employment
campus policies
contact us



privacy notice
web accessibility statement
title ix



© 2025 california polytechnic state university    san luis obispo, california 93407phone: 805-756-1111











