

gri equity - integral investment management













advice * coaching * research
* due diligence * capital

"time is your friend; impulse is your enemy."


jack bogle, vanguard founder and pioneer of investment management for regular people.




home 
  * business advice and 
  coaching *  
  investor services * resources 
  *about * contact

opportunity in crisis - a pocketful of ideas, the financial crisis - background, outlook, action
the world of money blog, 
   review archive, holonics 
  introduction, why 
  gri!, money!




 gri 
          equity is a web portal to help you in your business 
          and investment life.  please follow the links to explore integral thinking in business and capital management. 

if
 you like, ask about 
          training and advice for entrepreneurs, managers and executive 
teams.  you will receive cost effective resources at important 
stages of business development, 
          especially start-up and turn-around. 

clients can learn to manage their investments or ask about private investment portfolios.  angel and 
          venture capital investors can improve due diligence, deal structures and investment 
          management dynamics.  

i was trained as a financial engineer with empathy for people 
          and community and have over 20 years' experience and friends that can help too.  a big picture approach 
          to managing conflicting objectives gets results. 

please 
          get in touch, if you can't find what you're looking for browsing the site. 

tom butler

for businesses 
          - executive financial and business advice.
for investors 
          - venture capital investment management and training.
data, research, news, tools.


 



recent 
          posts from astraea.net/blog 
          ...

 gri equity 
          review archives are here. the review offers an investment 
          themed digest with a big picture perspective. sections on investment, 
          including sri and vc, interest rates and currencies, and trade and fdi. 
          this news and analysis is nowdelivered via a blog. 
          the category the world of money 
          covers the main interests of gri equity.
  please join our community. join our mailing list 
          and we will send occassional bulletins of news and analysis. enter your 
          email in the box and click submit. your email remains private and is 
          not shared. you will receive a confirmation email. you can unsubscribe 
          at any time.






or  go here 
          to sign up

 








 




search the web   
    
search gri equity




 search  
    d moz :


    or go to dmoz.org

"money 
  is the blood of our world ... energy is the currency of the biosphere"
part 
  of astraea



 *
home *
 about
* people
* contact
* privacy
* legal
* 



 
