








cape breton cottages and accommodations - keltic quay





















































 



skip to content






loading...







welcome to cape breton 



click here to book now! 












experience exhilaration 



 












experience peace of mind 












experience keltic quay 



 











menuhomebook nownew!acommodations1 bedroom suite2 bedroom suitebras d’or suitewhycocomagh suiteour pet policyspecial offersgift certificatebayfront lodgelocal experiencesmedia galleryphotosvirtual toursvideocontactf.a.q1-877-350-1122info@kelticquay.combook now!privacy policy
1-877-350-1122menuhomebook nownew!acommodations1 bedroom suite2 bedroom suitebras d’or suitewhycocomagh suiteour pet policyspecial offersgift certificatebayfront lodgelocal experiencesmedia galleryphotosvirtual toursvideocontactf.a.q





homejames2024-12-02t19:22:39-03:00 
give the gift of cape bretonget it delievered right away via email to you or that special someone
we are your destination for exploration
keltic quay’s cape breton cottages are located on the northeastern shore of the bras d’or lakes in the village of whycocomagh. we are near the entrance of the cabot trail, an area of outstanding natural beauty and spectacular vistas.
ranked one of the top places to stay in cape breton, our 4.5 star canada select cottages and suites include everything you need for world class accommodations. we have twelve one and two bedroom suites on the property. our main lodge is the ideal place for a great game of pool, shuffleboard or darts with new friends. we also offer free kayak, paddle board and canoe rentals.
whether you’re here to see the cabot trail, to conduct business or for any other pleasure we can help you plan what will surely be a memorable place to stay on cape breton island.
book now!waterfront viewsrated 4½ starsequipped kitchenspet
friendly motorcycle friendlycentrally locateddiscover more amenities our latest social media postscomments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons



					keltic quay cottages				
 


	 5 days ago  







the view over whycocomagh last friday! 	
... see moresee less




			view on facebook		

·

					share				


 share on facebook


 share on twitter


 share on linked in


 share by email

 




view comments



likes
 

love
 

wow
 
35



shares:
 
4



comments:
 
2





2 commentscomment on facebookgreat spot to stay. staff are wonderful!!how thick is the ice



					keltic quay cottages				
 


	 1 week ago  







❄️ winter at keltic quay ❄️captured on friday, this view shows whycocomagh bay covered in ice, the sky crisp and blue, and the frog pond frozen over. with more snow over the weekend, the scene is only getting more magical.for anyone looking to slow down and take in the beauty of winter, keltic quay is the perfect spot. cozy cottages, fresh air, and that peaceful cape breton charm.📍 plan a winter getaway: 1-877-350-1122#kelticquay #whycocomagh #wintervibes #capebreton #cozygetaway 
... see moresee less




			view on facebook		

·

					share				


 share on facebook


 share on twitter


 share on linked in


 share by email

 




view comments



likes
 

love
 
63



shares:
 
9



comments:
 
1





1 commentcomment on facebookthought of you allison wilson



					keltic quay cottages				
 


	 3 weeks ago  







snowmobilers, this is your dream destination! 🏔️🔥 wake up in a cozy waterfront cottage, step outside, and hit the legendary cape breton snowmobile trail system—directly from your front door!check out this epic video of riders launching straight from keltic quay and onto endless, snow-covered trails. whether you're here for a weekend adventure or a full-throttle winter escape, our location makes it easy to explore the best of cape breton’s backcountry.need a sled or gear? tnt adventures has you covered with rentals and supplies to get you on the trails in no time.🏡 stay cozy.❄️ ride free.🏔️ explore cape breton.book your winter getaway now! 📅 call or visit keltic quay’s website to plan your snowmobile adventure. 	
... see moresee less
play



			view on facebook		

·

					share				


 share on facebook


 share on twitter


 share on linked in


 share by email

 




view comments



likes
 

love
 

wow
 
60



shares:
 
20



comments:
 
3





3 commentscomment on facebookbeautiful whycocomagh 💥awesome!! 👍😀wow!



					keltic quay cottages				
  updated their cover photo.


	 3 weeks ago  







it's snowmobile season at keltic quay! check out our off season rates! call 1-877-350-1122check availability:www.book-it-now.com/kelticquay/ 
... see moresee less




			view on facebook		

·

					share				


 share on facebook


 share on twitter


 share on linked in


 share by email

 




view comments



likes
 
3



shares:
 
0



comments:
 
0





0 commentscomment on facebook

load more

available suites
accommodations
1 bedroom suitetwo queen beds, a sofa bed, a private deck overlooking the whycocomagh bay and room for up to 4 people. located on the upper level of the cottage.
view details2 bedroom suite
one king bed in one bedroom, two queen beds in the other and a sofa bed in the living room. suite overlooks whycocomagh bay and has room for up to six people.
view detailswhycocomagh suite
this two-bedroom wheelchair accessible suite includes spacious doorways, a large bathroom and an open floor plan which makes getting around easy and comfortable.view details
bras d'or suitethis one bedroom suite has a queen bed. you can also relax in a two-person ensuite air whirlpool tub, or simply cozy up in front of the warmth of your electric fireplace.view detailsenjoy the magic of our
bayfront lodge
each of our guests is encouraged to take advantage of the variety of fun activities in our beautiful bayfront lodge. pool, shuffleboard, crib, darts, board games and guitars all are included in your stay.
if you wish to relax you’re welcome to curl up on a leather couch in front of a roaring fire with a book.
discover morereviews from our guests“what a find…”“immaculate cottages, well maintained and spotless. we had everything we needed to feel right at home for our 4 night visit. the grounds are so well groomed. the cottages all face the lake. it’s so pleasant to just sit on the deck and take in the views. you couldn’t get a more central location to visit cape breton island. thank you renie for making the 4 of us feel so welcome!” – ann p.
0 five star reviews





  definitely stay again. we were very pleased to have stayed at keltic quay for celtic colours. 3 friends stayed in the one bedroom 2 bed with sofa bed cottage.  it was such a relaxing and convenient spot after a day exploring.  cottages have everything you need and the balcony was so nice for morning coffee.  would definitely stay again!			read moreread less 
sandra b
 11/19/2024










  an awesome experience an absolutely great experience at keltic quay. our stay was perfect in every way. the suites are cozy, comfortable, clean and are equipped with all the comforts of home. the waterside view is outstanding, overlooking the beautiful bras d'or lakes in the village of wycocomagh, cape breton.
if you're looking to relax and unwind, this is a lovely place to spend some time. in addition the  lodge on the property is perfect if your travelling as a group. a terrific place to host meetings or conventions for a smaller group. 
a stay at keltic quay is quite unforgettable, really!			read moreread less 
on island time
 11/05/2024










  return visit as enjoyable as the first my wife, a friend and i stayed 5 nights at the keltic quay at the start of the 10/24 celtic colours festival. this was our second stay -- this time in a 2-bedroom cottage -- and we again found it an excellent choice for comfort, lakefront scenery and location. cottages are modern, extremely clean and very well furnished with full kitchens. we look forward to our next visit.			read moreread less 
cwmndc
 10/17/2024










  an amazing place to stay! i am so delighted to leave this review. my son and i just came back from staying at the keltic quay, and this was the most amazing place by far to spend our time on cape breton! the owners and staff were so accomandaing. the view was amazing, and the cottage where we stayed was wonderful! also, this is the perfect place to stay as a base camp for viewing the rest of cape breton! we look forward to our next vacation here. thank you!!			read moreread less 
gerard m
 8/30/2024












  we only stayed for one night but it was very peaceful. we will be back and stay at least 2 nights! 😀 - beautiful location and the owners are very friendly! 😞 - none			read moreread less 
derek
 5/23/2024










  exceptional 😀 - we come here fishing every year and love that there is a boat launch on the property and everything inside the cottage that u need 😞 - the only thing was us getting our boats in and out as there was 6 boats staying on the property and only room for 3 ! it would be nice if they could add another piece on the dock or another one on the other side of the of cottages 😀! can’t wait to go back next year !!			read moreread less 
allen
 5/21/2024










  perfect base camp for cabot trail this is a great place to spend a few days to relax during a trip around nova scotia.  we had a full kitchen, living room, porch and bedroom, perfect to unwind.  this was our base for the cabot trail because it is so close.  randy and sheila are so accommodating.  they have a lodge with shuffle board, cribbage, billiards, a fireplace and very inviting leather couches.  super clean space with gorgeous views!			read moreread less 
keith s
 5/01/2024










  it was perfect! 😀 - the facilities in the cottages were exceptional. the kitchen was stocked way better than many airbnb's. the staff was super helpful and very nice. although we didn't use it, the games room looked amazing! 😞 - none			read moreread less 
stephanie
 3/28/2024












  me and my husband loved it 😀 - it was home without any interuptions peace and quiet 😞 - none			read moreread less 
julia
 1/15/2024










  this is my second stay , the first stay was perfect in november. i will give it another try in march 😀 - i couldn’t get heat pump get heat . it was beeping continually. the bed was little too firm and pressure hot tub was very slow. 😞 - none			read moreread less 
jeff
 1/14/2024










  relaxing and fun! 😀 - it was beautiful and well kept. 😞 - none			read moreread less 
kimberly
 1/10/2024










  superb 😀 - love the view, facilities and appearance of property. well maintained! 😞 - the bed could be better , there was a dip in the mattress. i had to move over and thankfully was able get out of dip as i was travelling alone . i plan on staying more at this facility and will see if it’s better when i’m back in jan 2024.			read moreread less 
jeff
 11/13/2023












  exceptional 😀 - we loved everything. it was the perfect spot! 😞 - loved everything.			read moreread less 
carla
 11/05/2023










  would recommend to friends. 😀 - comfortable with a lovely view. 😞 - none			read moreread less 
wendy
 11/02/2023










  superb 😀 - sehr schöne lage am see, sehr ruhig, sehr freundlicher manager 😞 - none			read moreread less 
monika
 10/27/2023










  beautiful place that is surrounded by a beautiful area 😀 - this was a wonderful place to stay and the location could not be beat. they have a common area that is very large and comfortable in addition to the nice cottage 😞 - none			read moreread less 
sharon
 10/09/2023












  exceptional 😀 - for family trip to cabot trail, my family stayed here for 1 night 1st week october. the location is perfect to prepare for the cabot trail, because there is a market nearby; i bought some meat and sausages for bbq, 2 bottles of wine and cheese at the nearby market. the cottage is super clean and convenient, so we relaxed a lot after several hours of driving from lunenburg. in 1 bedroom unit with beautiful balcony view, there are 3 bed (2 beds and 1 sofa bed), so my family (2 adults and 1 kid) had really comfortable night. further, we were impressed by the host's attention to detail (youtube premium, wine glasses, salt, pepper and keurig coffee machine/good coffee in the cottage). 😞 - none			read moreread less 
ye
 10/06/2023










  very very good. 😀 - n/a 😞 - none			read moreread less 
gary
 9/10/2023










  tranquil beauty the photos don't show you how beautiful and peaceful it is here. you're looking out directly at the lake. it is truly a beautiful place to sit and relax on the patio or balcony. there is a fully equipped kitchen with lots of plates, utensils, glasses, etc. they are pet friendly and even have an outdoor dog washing station! the main cabin is gorgeous, it has beautiful leather couches, a shuffleboard game, pool table and a bar area. they have kayaks and paddle boards and a beautiful dock area.			read moreread less 
sheila h
 8/10/2023










  tranquil beauty the photos don't show you how beautiful and peaceful it is here. you're looking out directly at the lake. it is truly a beautiful place to sit and relax on the patio or balcony. there is a fully equipped kitchen with lots of plates, utensils, glasses, etc. they are pet friendly and even have an outdoor dog washing station! the main cabin is gorgeous, it has beautiful leather couches, a shuffleboard game, pool table and a bar area. they have kayaks and paddle boards and a beautiful dock area.			read moreread less 
sheila h
 8/01/2023












  little piece of heaven love the keltic quay for a few days relaxation and to enjoy the beautiful views of our island..we usually do a few days in the summer and then a couple of different times in the winter and have always enjoyed our stays sheila and randy are great and so welcoming to the guests..this stay my daughter and her service dog joined us and loved the accommodations i found it odd however that there is a charge of $30 for the dog as we have stayed in many provinces at different places and just last week in pei and have never been charged a fee for the service dog			read moreread less 
billy v
 7/22/2023
 









  beautiful location and wonderful accommodations what a wonderful hidden gem in cape breton.  all cottages face the lake with a beautiful porch or deck.  we stayed in cottage 1b, a one bedroom 2nd floor unit that was newly renovated.  everything you need is at your fingertips with a full kitchen.  kayaks and paddle boats are available for use. sheila and randy, the managers of the property are so sweet and helpful, we could have easily stayed a week.  and we can’t forget bailey, the resident puppy!  we hope to visit again soon!			read moreread less 
lovetotravel846
 6/04/2023










  great place to stay with wonderful view. great place to stay for a night or a week (as we did) when visiting anywhere in central cape breton.   these are self catering cottages (two bedroom units on ground floor and one bedroom units on second floor both with their own entrances) with everything you need for an enjoyable vacation.  we have stayed there several times and each unit has been very clean, comfortable and well maintained.  the view looking out over the whycocomagh bay is fantastic especially if you get up to see the sunrise.  highly recommend.			read moreread less 
ranald m
 6/01/2023










 			beautiful place to stay......clean.....hosts very accomodating.....
nice & cozy with fireplace! 
a real restful getaway!			read moreread less 
marie therese aucoin
 4/13/2023












 			absolutely amazing place!! thank you randy & sheila so much for hosting us this past weekend. you are a fabulous couple who just couldn’t do enough for our group!!  we can not wait to plan another stay 🙌. thanks again from the glace bay gang feb. 24-26. your beautiful golden baby was just the icing on the cake🐾❤️			read moreread less 
cathy neary
 3/03/2023










  we were sorry to have to leave! we did a three-week traveling tour of the maritime provinces and this was one of our favourite places to stay!  we had a two-bedroom cottage on the water, and it was lovely in every respect.  it was nicely decorated, clean, and had a washer/dryer in the unit which was really appreciated.  the kitchen was well equipped so we bought prepared frozen meals from the farmer's daughter (which were all tasty!) as we needed a break from restaurant food.  it was cool, but we still spent time out on our deck, enjoying an evening drink and morning coffee - savoring the beauty and tranquility.  randy and sheila were really hospitable, and bailey the dog was adorable!  we were sorry to leave.			read moreread less 
iamlindylou
 10/20/2022










  stunning we joined some friends of ours who were vacationing here and were blown away by how amazing the locale is.  nova scotia truly is a beautiful province and these cottages are perfectly positioned to allow visitors to enjoy a once in a lifetime experience.			read moreread less 
denise d
 9/06/2022










 			quiet, neat tidy, stunning water views, friendly!!! had a perfect stay!			read moreread less 
kelly cameron
 6/06/2022












 			love cape breton and your cottages sound fantastic!			read moreread less 
jim mac donald
 4/16/2022










  beautiful view and amazing accomadations  great customer service and everything in room was clean and we loved it. read moreread less 
william
 2/01/2022










  it was perfect.  beautiful chalet style room. there was a sign in our chalet about putting dishes in the dishwasher and starting it as we left. pretty funny because there was no dishwasher.			read moreread less 
ann
 12/06/2021










  exceptional  the place was so nice and located in a beautiful spot. the staff were warm and welcoming. read moreread less 
kim
 12/05/2021












  exceptional  everything you needed to make your stay comfortable was there and no clutter read moreread less 
danielle
 12/02/2021










  very relaxing and enjoyable. we’ll be back.  party room which we had to ourselves for several hours. party room			read moreread less 
ward
 11/22/2021










  a dream setting  loved everything about our stay..!
the property was clean and perfectly placed by the waters edge read moreread less 
terry
 11/09/2021










  hidden gem!!  we absolutely loved our stay! we have stayed several years ago (and totally enjoyed)and we were pleased to see all the new updates..very nice!! there is nothing overlooked by the staff at keltic quay❤we will definitely be back!			read moreread less 
brenda
 10/19/2021












 			great stay! they absolutely thought of everything you need .beautiful view,relaxing and peaceful!keltic quay❤			read moreread less 
brenda young
 10/16/2021










  the perfect spot  a beautiful tranquil spot with fantastic facilities within an easy drive of the cabot trail. see a bald eagle on the eyrie in the grounds, watch a heron feed at night or canoe out onto the lake. the lodge has shuffleboard,  billiards, darts and a range of card and other games and of 
course there is a big fire pit. just wonderful! the air bubble bath was very noisy but i guess that's what they are like!			read moreread less 
megan
 10/11/2021










 			this place is incredibly beautiful. the cottage was above and beyond what we expected. the view from the porch is spectacular. the managers randy and sheila were absolutely wonderful. if you go to nova scotia you must stay in one of the cottages. thank you so much.			read moreread less 
danny driscoll
 9/24/2021










  relaxing no hassle stay we stayed in the one bedroom unit in one of the cottages for 4 nights. our stay was relaxing and hassle free. 
the check in was smooth with a warm welcome from sheila. the unit was very clean, and the kitchen was well stocked with cutlery, cups and plates.
the view from the balcony was outstanding.  we enjoyed paddle boating one afternoon in the lake. the facility is dog friendly and our pug enjoyed his time too. the grounds are well maintained. we did the cabot trail for 2 days and returned in the evening.  we received a gift card for charlene’s restaurant and made good use of it too.
we would definitely recommend this place to our friends. more			read moreread less 
debnath
 9/17/2021












  reservation system=unreliable & awful what a disappointment this place was and we never even got to stay here! i phoned on monday night before closing and spoke to a man named ray (?) who told me that the bras d'or room was available for saturday night and told me how perfect it would be to celebrate our 11 year wedding annivesary. he told us to book that night online to secure it and promised us it would be ours and so we did within 10 minutes of hanging up with him.   two days later i didn't receive a confirmation e-mail so i phoned the front desk who told me she had never received the reservation and that they are now fully booked. this is completely unacceptable and now everything everywhere is booked and we have no where to go to celebrate our anniversary. i am sure it would be a wonderful place to stay, but  management really needs to look into their reservation system to ensure this does not happen to another guest. we are heartbroken.			read moreread less 
allison b
 9/01/2021










  relaxing no hassle stay we stayed in the one bedroom unit in one of the cottages for 4 nights. our stay was relaxing and hassle free.  the check in was smooth with a warm welcome from sheila. the unit was very clean, and the kitchen was well stocked with cutlery, cups and plates. the view from the balcony was outstanding.  we enjoyed paddle boating one afternoon in the lake. the facility is dog friendly and our pug enjoyed his time too. the grounds are well maintained. we did the cabot trail for 2 days and returned in the evening.  we received a gift card for charlene’s restaurant and made good use of it too. we would definitely recommend this place to our friends.			read moreread less 
debnath
 9/01/2021










  warning! you’ll never want to leave! keltic quay is a hidden gem in a sleepy town just minutes from baddeck. 
our two bedroom cottage was absolutely darling, spacious and incredibly clean. 
the view from our cottage was spectacular and we enjoyed spending many hours sitting on our covered deck resting and relaxing. 
when we felt a little urge to do something, we enjoyed the paddle boats and indoor games room that offered a pool table, television and multiple board games. 
our own private bbq was perfect for creating a home cooked meal.
with very obvious pride in ownership, from the second you pull through the gates of this community you know the worst part of visiting keltic quay will be leaving. more			read moreread less 
andreaandmuffs
 8/19/2021










 			an absolutely gorgeous place and the managers, sheila & randy went above and beyond for us. i’m so grateful for such an amazing weekend!!!!!!! i cannot wait to go back again!!!			read moreread less 
melle infinity
 8/15/2021












 			beautiful location and the cottages are great. the managers sheila & randy were absolutely wonderful. i cannot reccomend this place enough. can't wait to go back!			read moreread less 
crystal rombough
 8/15/2021










  warning! you’ll never want to leave! keltic quay is a hidden gem in a sleepy town just minutes from baddeck.  our two bedroom cottage was absolutely darling, spacious and incredibly clean.  the view from our cottage was spectacular and we enjoyed spending many hours sitting on our covered deck resting and relaxing.  when we felt a little urge to do something, we enjoyed the paddle boats and indoor games room that offered a pool table, television and multiple board games.  our own private bbq was perfect for creating a home cooked meal. with very obvious pride in ownership, from the second you pull through the gates of this community you know the worst part of visiting keltic quay will be leaving.			read moreread less 
andreaandmuffs
 8/01/2021
 









  tracy had a great visit here. the hosts were so friendly and helpful. rooms were beautiful and comfortable. we had fun kayaking and paddleboating during the day. enjoyed a bbq and campfire with smores in the evening. highly recommend this resort!			read moreread less 
r47kztracyc
 7/20/2021










  amazing hospitality stayed at the keltic quay with a group of female motorcyclists. we had an absolute blast at keltic quay's beautiful property. enjoyed sitting around the fire, using the amenities room and playing pool, and the company of randy and sheila. they were fantastic hosts and made sure we were comfortable and having a good time throughout our stay. can't recommend keltic quay enough!			read moreread less 
laura_whalen2
 7/15/2021












 			we had the most incredible weekend at keltic quay. the weather was overcast and windy most of the time but the hosts were so exceptional making sure we had everything we could ever want to entertain ourselves, it was one of the best weekends ever! the cottages are absolutely gorgeous equipped with heat pumps to keep it cool and the views are spectacular. you will not find a more beautiful place with top notch hosts in ns. keltic quay is the whole package.			read moreread less 
samantha king
 7/13/2021










 			beautiful , spacious units, very well kept. will definitely come back again			read moreread less 
carol frenette
 7/01/2021










  tracy had a great visit here. the hosts were so friendly and helpful. rooms were beautiful and comfortable. we had fun kayaking and paddleboating during the day. enjoyed a bbq and campfire with smores in the evening. highly recommend this resort!			read moreread less 
tracy c
 7/01/2021










  amazing hospitality stayed at the keltic quay with a group of female motorcyclists. we had an absolute blast at keltic quay's beautiful property. enjoyed sitting around the fire, using the amenities room and playing pool, and the company of randy and sheila. they were fantastic hosts and made sure we were comfortable and having a good time throughout our stay. can't recommend keltic quay enough!			read moreread less 
laura
 7/01/2021
 











 			we loved our stay here, cottages are very clean, staff is super friendly especially renie! hank is absolutely amazing, i will be stopping by to visit him when i'm in the area. we wish them all the best in their upcoming retirement! thanks again for everything, we will be back in the summer!			read moreread less 
dl collins
 3/25/2021










 			they are located in the beautiful area of whycocomagh, surrounded by mountains. the cottages come fully equipped and are very clean. the service there is beyond accommodating. my parents enjoyed their stay.			read moreread less 
danielle gillis-macleod
 1/23/2021










  would love to write a review but not permitted to stay we had stayed at the chalets in the past and found it was lovely except for a very strong sewage smell that prevented us from sitting on our deck during our stay. unfortunately we had a tragic loss of friends who lived close by ( husband and wife who passed in a car accident ). we live in halifax and were denied a place to stay while supporting the grieving family! we were told this was because of a “travel ban due to covid 19”. we were beyond shocked and disappointed in this reasoning as it was certainly not a rule issued by the provincial government. i am a nurse and am very knowledgeable in infection control protocols, if the staff at this facility are doing what they say on the website there would be zero chance of any covid 19 risk. you can not imagine the stress this caused us during an unbelievably painful and sad time in our family’s life. the folks who lost their lives were well loved in the community and had previously supported this business. luckily we were able to find other accommodations, but i do promise we will never book here again!			read moreread less 
gina m
 1/16/2021










 			how beautiful the grounds are, how kind renie the hostess is and the mind blowing views. we will definitely be back soon. hank the doggie is also really cute 🙂			read moreread less 
jessica macintyre
 1/05/2021












 			a home away from home, with a spectacular view. highly recommend this place. and renie, a genuinly wonderful hostess, looking forward to coming back.			read moreread less 
elizabeth macdønald
 11/08/2020










 			awesome experience! would do it again and again!			read moreread less 
john campbell
 11/04/2020










  beautiful relaxing 3 day stacation keltic quay is located on the beautiful bras d’ or lakes in whycocomagh. great base for your cape breton stay. a lovely gated entrance with a pond and fountain. the grounds are immaculate and very well maintained. we were looking to decompress and just relax from work and that is exactly what we did and achieved. what a beautiful spot. the cottages are right on the water and there are kayaks, canoes and a paddle boat available to use as you like at no charge. there is a lodge there with game tables and a beautiful fire place  however due to covid it was not open.   we stayed in the bras d’ or suite. it was a one bedroom cottage on the top floor with a queen size bed. full kitchen with everything you need. there was a bbq on the deck which we did not use. the deck was so nice to sit out and the view was outstanding. we spent our last night at the fire pit with a great fire and met a very nice family from our area. we brought our 4 month old puppy which was great to know they are pet friendly. they have a great lab hank that lives on the property. he loves the water and will fetch a stick thrown into the water. great dog.   we did two day trips which one to baddeck and one to inverness beach both being... keltic quay is located on the beautiful bras d’ or lakes in whycocomagh. great base for your cape breton stay. a lovely gated entrance with a pond and fountain. the grounds are immaculate and very well maintained. we were looking to decompress and just relax from work and that is exactly what we did and achieved. what a beautiful spot. the cottages are right on the water and there are kayaks, canoes and a paddle boat available to use as you like at no charge. there is a lodge there with game tables and a beautiful fire place  however due to covid it was not open. 

we stayed in the bras d’ or suite. it was a one bedroom cottage on the top floor with a queen size bed. full kitchen with everything you need. there was a bbq on the deck which we did not use. the deck was so nice to sit out and the view was outstanding. we spent our last night at the fire pit with a great fire and met a very nice family from our area. we brought our 4 month old puppy which was great to know they are pet friendly. they have a great lab hank that lives on the property. he loves the water and will fetch a stick thrown into the water. great dog. 

we did two day trips which one to baddeck and one to inverness beach both being only about a 25-30 minute drive. there is a co op in the area for groceries etc. a guardian drug store and a farmers market that you can get baked goods, the best hot dog ever, meaning the bun was amazing. they had a lot on their menu for take out. they had a store there as well. great as it’s just a quick drive from the cottage.

renie who manages and lives on property was great! extremely accommodating for anything you need.  very helpful with recommendations, places to eat, see and go. thanks renie you really completed our stay.  i would highly recommend keltic quay for your stay in cape breton. we will be back for sure! the hidden gem in cape breton! more			read moreread less 
2travellingstones
 8/27/2020










 			so far so good!!! i am loving my view🥰🥰🥰			read moreread less 
susan kelly
 8/08/2020












 			we stayed here for four nights. the cottage was very clean, modern and really well stocked. the manager is very friendly and her dog hank is beautiful and so well behaved. we don’t have pets and i thought he brought some extra charm to the place!  we made a variety of meals here and the kitchen had everything we needed. the views are what made our stay special, really spectacular even at night. it’s a really pet friendly place which made us nervous since one of us has pet allergies, but with no carpeting in the cottage and it being so clean this wasn’t an issue. we did use the complimentary canoes and kayaks which were great. overall, it was a great stay!			read moreread less 
tracy shebib
 8/05/2020










  highly recommend we stayed here for four nights since they offered a discount for staying an extra night which was great. the cottages were very clean, modern and very well stocked. we did a fair amount of cooking and they had everything we needed to prepare meals. they are very pet friendly which made us nervous because one of us has pet allergies but with no carpeting in the cottage and it being so clean this wasn’t an issue. the manager is so approachable and friendly. the spectacular views are what made the stay special for me. we also used their complimentary canoes and kayaks.			read moreread less 
tgw375
 8/05/2020










  beautiful relaxing 3 day stacation keltic quay is located on the beautiful bras d’ or lakes in whycocomagh. great base for your cape breton stay. a lovely gated entrance with a pond and fountain. the grounds are immaculate and very well maintained. we were looking to decompress and just relax from work and that is exactly what we did and achieved. what a beautiful spot. the cottages are right on the water and there are kayaks, canoes and a paddle boat available to use as you like at no charge. there is a lodge there with game tables and a beautiful fire place  however due to covid it was not open.   we stayed in the bras d’ or suite. it was a one bedroom cottage on the top floor with a queen size bed. full kitchen with everything you need. there was a bbq on the deck which we did not use. the deck was so nice to  sit out and the view was outstanding. we spent our last night at the fire pit with a great fire and met a very nice family from our area. we brought our 4 month old puppy which was great to know they are pet friendly. they have a great lab hank that lives on the property. he loves the water and will fetch a stick thrown into the water. great dog.   we did two day trips which one to baddeck and one to inverness beach both being only about a 25-30 minute drive. there is a co op in the area for groceries etc. a guardian drug store and a farmers market that you can get baked goods, the best hot dog ever, meaning the bun was amazing. they had a lot on their menu for take out. they had a store there as well. great as it’s just a quick drive from the cottage.  renie who manages and lives on property was great! extremely accommodating for anything you need.  very helpful with recommendations, places to eat, see and go. thanks renie you really completed our stay.  i would highly recommend keltic quay for your stay in cape breton. we will be back for sure! the hidden gem in cape breton!			read moreread less 
2travellingstones
 8/01/2020
 









  highly recommend we stayed here for four nights since they offered a discount for staying an extra night which was great. the cottages were very clean, modern and very well stocked. we did a fair amount of cooking and they had everything we needed to prepare meals. they are very pet friendly which made us nervous because one of us has pet allergies but with no carpeting in the cottage and it being so clean this wasn’t an issue. the manager is so approachable and friendly. the spectacular views are what made the stay special for me. we also used their complimentary canoes and kayaks.			read moreread less 
tgw375
 8/01/2020












 			the most tranquil place we have ever stayed, so romantic, a stay is an absolute must. the owner renee was extremely friendly and obviously takes pride in her cottages and property because they were beautifully kept. we are already making plans to stay again this summer. and you'll love their greeter hank, he is awesome !!!			read moreread less 
darlene gallant macdonald
 7/12/2020










 			beautiful location and cottages. extremely clean, stocked with useful amenities and beautiful views. we stayed as a group 20, renee was so welcoming and went out of her way to ensure we had a great stay. 

would recommend to all! we will be back next year.

adorable hank is such a treat to have around!			read moreread less 
paula murphy
 7/12/2020










  birthday weekend i recently took my daughter, puppy and friends to keltic quay for our birthday weekend and felt very comfortable with the cleanliness and sanitation, having a gorgeous view, pristine surroundings made this trip so worthwhile. renie and hank were so friendly and welcoming. i highly recommend making this central spot a vacation highlight for families or couples.			read moreread less 
h3687ioloris
 7/06/2020










  birthday weekend i recently took my daughter, puppy and friends to keltic quay for our birthday weekend and felt very comfortable with the cleanliness and sanitation, having a gorgeous view, pristine surroundings made this trip so worthwhile. renie and hank were so friendly and welcoming. i highly recommend making this central spot a vacation highlight for families or couples.			read moreread less 
lori s
 7/01/2020
 











  exceptional  the room was beautiful and clean. awesome view and everything you could ever want... full kitchen living room service was awesome. will definitely come back. read moreread less 
blair
 2/24/2020










  perfection!  everything!  it's why we return each year. it's perfect!  generously outfittted with any thing we needed.... dishes, blankets, extra pillows.  super clean and comfortable.			read moreread less 
earl
 2/24/2020










 			it's awesome location. i used to make hay there with my dad 50 years ago. wow, where did the time go!			read moreread less 
john austin
 2/02/2020










 			love the dog so much 
such a beautiful spot			read moreread less 
dee phillips
 1/09/2020












 			we stayed here whilst we built our cottage. clean, comfy and relaxing. my dogs loved it there too. renee and hank are the best! highly recommend.			read moreread less 
bernadette scott
 11/15/2019










  cosy stay recommended on a blog and was a little hard to find, but well worth the effort. 
a picturesque setting overlooking the water with well appointed rooms and facilities. 
would be great to come back to in the summer and might just plan that the next time.  more			read moreread less 
expedition285420
 11/08/2019










  cosy stay recommended on a blog and was a little hard to find, but well worth the effort.  a picturesque setting overlooking the water with well appointed rooms and facilities.  would be great to come back to in the summer and might just plan that the next time.			read moreread less 
expedition285420
 11/01/2019










  perfect spot  the place was spacious, super clean and had everything we needed. the view was fantastic as was the lady at the reception desk. would recommend this place to anyone.  read moreread less 
terri
 10/24/2019












  exceptional  the manager was so kind and welcoming. upon our arrival, our cottage was open and warmly inviting. she made a wonderful recommendation for our dinner, which we throughly enjoyed. our only regret is that we did not have more time to enjoy it, as we only stayed 1 night due to our travel itinerary. i highly recommend this lovely lodge.  read moreread less 
dennis
 10/22/2019










  great base for exploring cape breton located right on the lake shore the views are amazing and the small town of whycocomagh is within easy walking distance. our (upstairs) apartment was well equipped, warm and comfortable and although one bed roomed there were two double beds. the kitchen was well equipped but there was no extractor for cooking fumes and the simple task of making toast was enough to set the smoke alarm off and for some reason there are two door leading onto the outside deck/balcony one of which has a strong spring to keep it closed, so cannot be left open for ventilation. whilst on the subject of the balcony, the views are outstanding and there are seats and a bbq, would have spent much more time there if the weather was warmer but we did enjoy seeing the onsite labrador playing in the water as well as all the birds. the lounge area was comfortable and the tv had more than enough channels. the bathroom was fine, with a bath and shower (over) and plenty of hot water.

an observation to those with small children, the top of the stairs leading to the apartment is open and could be a hazard.

there is a very nice "club house" with comfortable seating and games, also there is a bar which sadly is no longer in use but you are welcome to bring your own drinks and socialise. there is a very good seafood restaurant nearby which was so good we didn't try any others.

despite the minor negatives above we would defiantly stay there again, maybe a ground floor apartment though, and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone venturing to the wonderful cape breton who would enjoy a peaceful setting with outstanding views.			read moreread less 
enigma_iom
 10/17/2019










  very special  the view was outstanding and our daughter and grandaughter loved the kayak ride.  watching the bald eagles was a glorious experience! m read moreread less 
linda
 10/17/2019










  great base for exploring cape breton located right on the lake shore the views are amazing and the small town of whycocomagh is within easy walking distance. our (upstairs) apartment was well equipped, warm and comfortable and although one bed roomed there were two double beds. the kitchen was well equipped but there was no extractor for cooking fumes and the simple task of making toast was enough to set the smoke alarm off and for some reason there are two door leading onto the outside deck/balcony one of which has a strong spring to keep it closed, so cannot be left open for ventilation. whilst on the subject of the balcony, the views are outstanding and there are seats and a bbq, would have spent much more time there if the weather was warmer but we did enjoy seeing the onsite labrador playing in the water as well as all the birds. the lounge area was comfortable and the tv had more than enough channels. the bathroom was fine, with a bath and shower (over) and plenty of hot water. an observation to those with small children, the top of the stairs leading to the apartment is open and could be a hazard. there is a very nice "club house" with comfortable seating and games, also there is a bar which sadly is no longer in use but you are welcome to bring your own drinks and socialise. there is a very good seafood restaurant nearby which was so good we didn't try any others. despite the minor negatives above we would defiantly stay there again, maybe a ground floor apartment though, and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone venturing to the wonderful cape breton who would enjoy a peaceful setting with outstanding views.			read moreread less 
peter c
 10/17/2019












  uma grata surpresa!  o local, à beira do lago, o apartamento com churrasqueira, tudo. não houve nada que não gostasse.			read moreread less 
marcelo
 10/13/2019










  exceptional  the view was amazing from the balcony nothing, it was perfect			read moreread less 
heather
 10/13/2019










  exceptional  our room was very nice, well equipped and quiet. the view of the lake in front of our terrace was stunning. the lady at the reception was very kind and helpful. groceries and restaurants nearby. read moreread less 
suphaporn
 10/11/2019










  10+ rental.  elegant cottage, very well equipped; magnificent views. n/			read moreread less 
john
 10/10/2019












  great home base from which to explore the beauty of cape breton  fabulous view, comfy place with all the supplies you could need i booked too short of a stay			read moreread less 
daniel
 10/04/2019










  ideal base for exploring cape breton  fantastic views, central and peaceful location. unable to leave door to balcony open, no extraction of cooking fumes causing alarm to sound.			read moreread less 
peter
 9/30/2019










  exceptional  the view was beautiful, the unit was well stocked, the beds were comfortable and it was very clean. nothing			read moreread less 
christina
 9/30/2019










  exceptional  the owner was extremely friendly and welcoming. our cottage was clean and well stocked. the location is beautiful. will definitely come back and recommend to everyone.  read moreread less 
barbara
 9/30/2019












  you must stay here!! if you are going to cape breton and don’t stay here, you are missing one of the greatest joys of nova scotia. from hank the dog to the eagle and osprey nests, this place is everything you could want and more in a lodge			read moreread less 
john r
 9/28/2019










  happy wife, happy life!  we both have cpap and having a nightstand on both sides of the bed is helpful. the extra sink in the bedroom is a nice touch since we both have eye conditions that require multiple solutions. air conditioning is a nice addition even in canada. the quaint little local restaurant was amazing. plenty of nice towels and soap. decorations were nice without being in the way. useable space for us to set things and not put them on the floor. ceiling fans, view from front porch and many other nice things i’m sure i forgot. head of the bed seems a bit lower than the foot. mattress is a bit soft for us but it seems most everywhere we’ve stayed in canada the mattress is a bit more soft than in the u.s. this mattress was by far better than anywhere else we’ve stayed in maritime canada. the television cabinet door stays out a bit on both sides of the tv, but who needs tv anyway.			read moreread less 
mitchell
 9/28/2019










  exceptional  just a wonderful fully equipped waterfront suite. very luxurious with a new feel to every part of the four part unit. great view. could have stayed a few days and enjoyed a home like stay. and just across the road from our favourite charlene’s bayside restaurant.   nothing			read moreread less 
rick
 9/28/2019










  we had a pleasant, lovely experience and would recommend the property to anyone who asks.  the keltic quay sits on the edge of bras d'or lake; it is well maintained with many amenities to keep you entertained. our only issue was the smell in the room when we got there. it smelt as if someone had just cooked something spicy. windows opened and aired out and everything was perfect.			read moreread less 
suzanne
 9/23/2019












  exceptional  awesome place right near the lake, we enjoyed having an evening barbecue. in the main house there are many facilities to use such as a pool table, shuffle board, darts game,... the host was very friendly and helpful. we stumbled upon this hidden gem by accident as it was recommended by booking.com after another place we wanted to stay at had been cancelled due to weather conditions. what a nice surprise this was! be aware that there can be quite a few mosquitoes around (it is by a lake after all).			read moreread less 
anonymous
 9/22/2019










  great location, friendly staff and awesome lake views.  very nice apartments with beautiful water views from the balcony or patio.  watching hank (dog) running around in the water was great.  had a great welcome and easy check-out and departure.  no restaurants within walking distance but there was an adequate grocery/liquor store within walking distance. nothing - it was a great stay/			read moreread less 
bob
 9/22/2019










  excellent uno dei migliori alloggi del nostro tour del canada est. la titolare è stata fantastica, sempre sorridente e prodiga di consigli sulle attività della zona. il lodge è direttamente vista lago, si possono osservare le aquile calve le oche selvatiche ed altri uccelli della zona. molto vicino si trova un ottimo ristorantino. è anche comodo per chi vuole effettuare il cabot trail			read moreread less 
giorgione21
 9/22/2019










  good  location
views bed frame was dangerously close to door - walked into it multiple times
uncomfortable bed
shower didn’t work well			read moreread less 
paul
 9/21/2019












  superb  the room and resort were amazing! very friendly staff and very clean. would love to come back! read moreread less 
molly
 9/18/2019










  family fun our extended family of grandparents, children and grandchildren rented three units for five nights.  from there we toured cape breton, our first visit.  the units provided us with all of our needs.  having laundry facilities in each unit was most helpful as was the convenience of a kitchen for meals. the other amenities were well used by our family: kayaks and paddle boards on the lake, pool table, shuffle board and cribbage board in the main lodge, the fire pit and hank, the quay's dog.  thanks rennie for your and your staffs' hospitality.			read moreread less 
norma l
 8/12/2019










  family fun our extended family of grandparents, children and grandchildren rented three units for five nights. from there we toured cape breton, our first visit. the units provided us with all of our needs. having laundry facilities in each unit was most helpful as was the convenience of a kitchen for meals. the other amenities were well used by our family: kayaks and paddle boards on the lake, pool table, shuffle board and cribbage board in the main lodge, the fire pit and hank, the quay's dog. thanks rennie for your and your staffs' hospitality.			read moreread less 
norma l
 8/12/2019










 			it was a wonderful week here!! the cottages are spotless and the beds are comfortable- the view is amazing! renie is an amazing hostess- definitely book your stay here on cape breton - this has been a vacation to remember!			read moreread less 
loretta king
 8/11/2019












  beautiful view, clean and friendly. my wife and i stayed in 1 bedroom cottage for 5 days. actually hated to leave.  it felt like our home.  great location to cabot trail.  beautiful view of whycocomagh bay.  renie very helpful in providing information and how could you not like hank, renie’s lab.   eat at charlene’s.  best seafood chowder i’ve ever eaten.			read moreread less 
mikeflyfishing
 7/26/2019










  beautiful view, clean and friendly. my wife and i stayed in 1 bedroom cottage for 5 days. actually hated to leave. it felt like our home. great location to cabot trail. beautiful view of whycocomagh bay. renie very helpful in providing information and how could you not like hank, renie’s lab. eat at charlene’s. best seafood chowder i’ve ever eaten.			read moreread less 
mikeflyfishing
 7/26/2019










 			amazing views with beautiful accommodations!   my kids loved having access to the kayaks and paddle board. wish we could have stayed longer!			read moreread less 
colleen
 7/25/2019










  stop over east coast touring holiday such a amazing place .we had lower cabin sleeps 5-6 and everything including bbq, all pots pans dishes it is self contained with a beautiful view of bay to ocean.all you need to do is cook and clean up would go back but stay longer just a few km from cabot trail. more			read moreread less 
gerry a
 7/15/2019












 			the keltic quay was very very clean. i would highly recommend it for couples or families with older children. they have a pool table shuffleboard kayak paddle boat and a fire pit(they supply the wood) which our teenage children loved being able to do after a long day of driving and sightseeing. renie is a great host and her staff are very friendly. our place had everything a family of 5 would need. plenty of room, 3 t.v.s fully equipped kitchen and bbq. also a beautiful, peaceful view of the lake from our porch to relax. very close to grocery store with beer/wine (could walk there) , pharmacy, tim hortons. we loved the lodge dog hanck!!
thank you renie and staff!!!			read moreread less 
jennifer
 7/09/2019










  beautiful property, terrible bed when you drive into the gates of this property, you are immediately impressed with it. however, the interior of the rooms is another story. we spent 2.5 weeks all over the canadian martimes and this was our last stop. it was by far the worst bed we had the entire trip. it was like sleeping in a hammock as the mattress was very old and had given out in the middle. our bathroom, upon arrival, had used washcloths hanging in the shower, which was off putting. our arrival was late (note, you have to let them know you are arriving after 8pm) and the reception was hurried with little instructions - we didn't even understand how our room worked! no breakfast or food of any kind on the property - which to their credit, there is a bakery five minutes walking...we didn't bother to tell the hotel - we were exhausted and they seemed too busy taking new reservations to help us out. again beautiful grounds and good location, but the inside is dated and we were so happy to leave that terrible bed!			read moreread less 
ket
 7/08/2019










 			amazing - from renni to hank (dog) see you again in 2020!!			read moreread less 
gene patterson
 7/05/2019










 			the owner/innkeeper is top notch. the location, views & services & amenities included w/ ur stay can't be beat! i'm a repeat customer that used to work in the hotel industry for large luxury chains for over 10 yrs. so this is an educated & honest review!			read moreread less 
rolanda williams-patterson
 7/01/2019












  5 star for friendliness, value and families we stayed three nights at keltic quay. it’s like staying at a family compound, rather than a lodge. the owner is so friendly. she introduces you to her dog hank and her eagle friend, harry. the rooms may not be five star compared to a four seasons, as they are a bit dated, but they are perfect for families. we stayed in the wycocomagh suite, plus had one smaller room. the beds are comfy, the bathroom is big, the kitchen is complete, plus there is a bbq to use. the grocery store is a short distance away. we loved having a big table to play games. if you are from the us, you get the boston tv feed. 

unfortunately, it was a little too chilly and windy for us to enjoy the lake, but it looks like kayaking and boating would be really fun. we also didn’t use the game room, but it has pool and table shuffleboard. 

wycocomagh is a great place to base for the cabot trail. it’s about 25 minutes from baddeck, which has lots of restaurants and the bell museum. we got to fort louisbourg and back easily. 
if you are looking for a place for a family, this would be a great place to stay.			read moreread less 
travlinmom1429
 7/01/2019










  5 star for friendliness, value and families we stayed three nights at keltic quay. it’s like staying at a family compound, rather than a lodge. the owner is so friendly. she introduces you to her dog hank and her eagle friend, harry. the rooms may not be five star compared to a four seasons, as they are a bit dated, but they are perfect for families. we stayed in the wycocomagh suite, plus had one smaller room. the beds are comfy, the bathroom is big, the kitchen is complete, plus there is a bbq to use. the grocery store is a short distance away. we loved having a big table to play games. if you are from the us, you get the boston tv feed. unfortunately, it was a little too chilly and windy for us to enjoy the lake, but it looks like kayaking and boating would be really fun. we also didn’t use the game room, but it has pool and table shuffleboard. wycocomagh is a great place to base for the cabot trail. it’s about 25 minutes from baddeck, which has lots of restaurants and the bell museum. we got to fort louisbourg and back easily. if you are looking for a place for a family, this would be a great place to stay.			read moreread less 
travlinmom1429
 7/01/2019










  excellent place to stay in idyllic lakeside surroundings best place we stayed in the whole of our recent nova scotia tour. renie the manager here makes you very welcome and she is personable, professional and takes a real interest that you are relaxed and comfortable with your stay. worth paying the extra few bucks to stay in a lovely place like this.			read moreread less 
valentcia
 6/25/2019










  excellent place to stay in idyllic lakeside surroundings best place we stayed in the whole of our recent nova scotia tour. renie the manager here makes you very welcome and she is personable, professional and takes a real interest that you are relaxed and comfortable with your stay. worth paying the extra few bucks to stay in a lovely place like this.			read moreread less 
cleverfella
 6/25/2019












  what a find! immaculate cottages, well maintained and spotless.  we had everything we needed to feel right at home for our 4 night visit.
the grounds are so well groomed.  the cottages all face the lake.  it’s so pleasant to just sit on the deck and take in the views.
you couldn’t get a more central location to visit cape breton island.
thank you renie for making the 4 of us feel so welcome!			read moreread less 
ann p
 6/18/2019










  what a find! immaculate cottages, well maintained and spotless. we had everything we needed to feel right at home for our 4 night visit. the grounds are so well groomed. the cottages all face the lake. it’s so pleasant to just sit on the deck and take in the views. you couldn’t get a more central location to visit cape breton island. thank you renie for making the 4 of us feel so welcome!			read moreread less 
ann p
 6/18/2019










 			beautiful spot! families enjoying some great weather.			read moreread less 
randy connell
 6/17/2019










 			amazing place , renniw an lc are there to make your stay always memorable !!			read moreread less 
sharon anne boudreau
 6/05/2019












 			renie was a great host! the place was very clean with an excellent view. the jacuzzi tub was very relaxing after a long day of traveling. we were even able to bring our own two pups with us! would recommend others to stay here.			read moreread less 
richard
 5/29/2019










 			family of 5 stayed here as a stopover. wish we could have stayed longer. view was beautiful, fully stocked kitchen was perfect for making our own meals. had breakfast at charlene's following a recommendation from renie, highly recommend!! (and get the chowder)			read moreread less 
trav
 5/18/2019










 			the kayaks were great.  units are nicely done, beds and pillows are really comfy!			read moreread less 
grannie mac
 5/18/2019










  excellent year round retreat i live in nova scotia and although it's a beautiful place in summer and fall, it can be very daunting in winter. this winter in particular has been very cold with little snow in the area where i live, so i decided it was time to get out and find some snow. in nova scotia that means going to cape breton where there is usually an abundance. keltic quay has a beautiful location right on the shores of the bras d'or lakes which in february means a frozen expanse upon which you can skate, snowshoe, ice fish or if there's a recent snowfall, cross country ski. you can also watch the eagles that regularly hang out on the ice not far from the lodge. another very popular activity is snowmobiling with the cape clear trails giving access to hundreds of kilometres of cape breton wilderness. these start almost literally across the street from keltic quay. for real exercise one can snowshoe up the steep salt mountain trail for one of the best views in canada. while there's lots to do outside, what really surprised me about keltic quay is how much there is to do inside. the large common room in the lodge has a huge stone fireplace with comfortable leather couches to curl up in. but there's a lot more - the best bar shuffleboard i've ever played on - imported straight from texas. there's also an excellent pool table, built in cribbage board, lots of board games, an ongoing jiggle saw puzzle to work on, darts and a large chess board. you won't be bored after a day of outdoor fun. although there's no restaurant, nearby charlene's provides terrific meals with the chowders simply outstanding. the rooms are keltic quay are more like condos with a fully equipped kitchen, washer and dryer, nice gas fireplaces and comfortable beds. i don't know why it took so long to realize that winter in nova scotia does not have to mean hibernating inside or fleeing south. keltic quay will become a regular winter destination.			read moreread less 
maritimeexplorer
 3/12/2019












  excellent year round retreat i live in nova scotia and although it's a beautiful place in summer and fall, it can be very daunting in winter. this winter in particular has been very cold with little snow in the area where i live, so i decided it was time to get out and find some snow. in nova scotia that means going to cape breton where there is usually an abundance. 

keltic quay has a beautiful location right on the shores of the bras d'or lakes which in february means a frozen expanse upon which you can skate, snowshoe, ice fish or if there's a recent snowfall, cross country ski. you can also watch the eagles that regularly hang out on the ice not far from the lodge.

another very popular activity is snowmobiling with the cape clear trails giving access to hundreds of kilometres of cape breton wilderness. these start almost literally across the street from keltic quay. for real exercise one can snowshoe up the steep salt mountain trail for one of the best views in canada.

while there's lots to do outside, what really surprised me about keltic quay is how much there is to do inside. the large common room in the lodge has a huge stone fireplace with comfortable leather couches to curl up in. but there's a lot more - the best bar shuffleboard i've ever played on - imported straight from texas. there's also an excellent pool table, built in cribbage board, lots of board games, an ongoing jiggle saw puzzle to work on, darts and a large chess board. you won't be bored after a day of outdoor fun.

although there's no restaurant, nearby charlene's provides terrific meals with the chowders simply outstanding.

the rooms are keltic quay are more like condos with a fully equipped kitchen, washer and dryer, nice gas fireplaces and comfortable beds. 

i don't know why it took so long to realize that winter in nova scotia does not have to mean hibernating inside or fleeing south. keltic quay will become a regular winter destination.			read moreread less 
maritimeexplorer
 3/11/2019










 			es genial para ir de vacaciones yo iré pronto			read moreread less 
juan dela cruz galindo calvo
 2/19/2019










 			this place is simply amazing and i highly recommend to anyone. so clean and cozy! not one complaint and the staff is friendly and caring! we look forward to going back!			read moreread less 
joanna smith
 2/17/2019










 			we had a lovely winter getaway with friends. felt like a home away from home. the lodge was a definite highlight. would love to go back in the summer 🙂			read moreread less 
stephanie cooper
 2/11/2019












 			we went on saturday to visit my son and his wife sister and her husband and two other friends very nice place			read moreread less 
gertrude decoste samson
 1/22/2019










  snowmobiling weekend awesome place to stay. we stayed in a 2 bedroom cottage. lots of room and very clean! the only thing you need to bring is your food. it’s stocked with everything you need. it has a common area with a fire place, lots of seating, pool table etc. great place to hang out in the evening.			read moreread less 
875laurie1968
 1/21/2019










 			excellent beautiful place to stay!!!			read moreread less 
gregory leblanc
 1/19/2019










  the keltic quay is so luxurious, the views are beautiful, and the staff is absolutely excellent! we loved everything about the keltic quay! from being greeted by hank the tank, to hanging out in the main lounge playing shuffleboard, and taking in the breathtaking views from our balcony. renie was so sweet, helpful and kind, and went above and beyond to ensure we enjoyed our stay. before we departed we re-booked for december and are so happy to say that we found our new favorite place to stay! thank you so much renie and hank, we can't wait to come back in december! -emily and jonathan			read moreread less 
emsydney144
 10/15/2018












 			loved the comfort of the cottage suite and the view on the balcony was awesome. we also enjoyed the bubble tub. very relaxing. being pet friendly made us feel very welcome and having hank welcome beau made it even more fun. thank you renie.			read moreread less 
donna lee
 10/14/2018










 			cape breton at its finest that is all that needs to be said!!!			read moreread less 
mark diamond
 10/14/2018










  perfect stay friendly, clean, spacious unit, stunning views and reasonably priced. not sure what could be better. we were here for the celtic colours festival and our accommodation certainly helped make our trip very special.			read moreread less 
johnobryan
 10/13/2018










  perfect stay friendly, clean, spacious unit, stunning views and reasonably priced. not sure what could be better. we were here for the celtic colours festival and our accommodation certainly helped make our trip very special.			read moreread less 
john o
 10/13/2018












  love this special place our well appointed cottage looked out over the bay from the upper floor. all units face the waterfront and have a living area with a gas fireplace, dedicated eat-in kitchen with refrigerator, stove, dishwasher and microwave, dishes and cookware.  the bathroom has a generous jacuzzi tub and adjustable showerhead.  the queen-size bed was covered by a soft and warm handmade quilt.  

we had the most comfortable night’s sleep here of any place we’ve been over a summer filled with travel, both in the us and nova scotia.  

our stay in whycocomagh was a cold rainy one, but we enjoyed a crackling fire in the lodge and the company of hank, the resident dog.  

recommended local activities were accurate and well chosen for us.  the innkeeper has a wealth of knowledge of the cape breton area and other nova scotia destinations.  

we only wish we could have stayed longer - we almost did!			read moreread less 
linda a
 10/05/2018










  love this special place our well appointed cottage looked out over the bay from the upper floor. all units face the waterfront and have a living area with a gas fireplace, dedicated eat-in kitchen with refrigerator, stove, dishwasher and microwave, dishes and cookware. the bathroom has a generous jacuzzi tub and adjustable showerhead. the queen-size bed was covered by a soft and warm handmade quilt. we had the most comfortable night’s sleep here of any place we’ve been over a summer filled with travel, both in the us and nova scotia. our stay in whycocomagh was a cold rainy one, but we enjoyed a crackling fire in the lodge and the company of hank, the resident dog. recommended local activities were accurate and well chosen for us. the innkeeper has a wealth of knowledge of the cape breton area and other nova scotia destinations. we only wish we could have stayed longer - we almost did!			read moreread less 
linda a
 10/05/2018










  best accommodation for a long time when travelling what can you say, from the warm welcome from rennie and hank the dog to the excellent accommodation and a view over the lake to die for. sunset and sunrise were spectacular. great watching the herons hunt for fish! would in the future be good to provide breakfast as choice in the village is limited. can always cook yourself in the excellent kitchen though. perfect in every way and wish we could have stayed longer more			read moreread less 
weatherheads
 9/28/2018










  best accommodation for a long time when travelling what can you say, from the warm welcome from rennie and hank the dog to the excellent accommodation and a view over the lake to die for. sunset and sunrise were spectacular. great watching the herons hunt for fish! would in the future be good to provide breakfast as choice in the village is limited. can always cook yourself in the excellent kitchen though. perfect in every way and wish we could have stayed longer			read moreread less 
weatherheads
 9/28/2018












  a great getaway! a hidden gem for sure! this is my favourite place to getaway and unwind for a while! it’s so incredibly beautiful here - my favourite place in cape breton!! beautiful views centrally located comfortable beds fully equipped cabins!!			read moreread less 
capergirl36
 9/16/2018










  can’t wait to come back wow wow wow! originally we were only supposed to be spending one night at keltic quay... our other hotel had cancelled on us due to overbooking so by luck keltic quay had space for us the first and second night. straight on arrival we were greeted by the beautiful black labrador hank. after a quick check in and warm welcome we were shown to our lodge for the few days. it was clean, comfortable, very spacious and the view... the view was wonderful. our main reason for visiting was to complete the cabot trail (an 8 hour scenic drive). i cannot recommend this enough to anyone. keltic quay supplied paddle boats, kayaks and rowing boats all free of charge to help yourself too. every single day i was out kayaking in the lake (despite having never done it before). the only thing i would say is avoid swimming in it. there are jellyfish everywhere although apparently they come in flocks so perhaps it was just the time of year? we found a top knotch bbq on our deck - and as my partner is a chef that mean bbq’s every evening! overall we had a five star stay and wish we could’ve stayed for even longer. thank you very very very much! we will be back when visiting again from england.			read moreread less 
sonia_harfleet
 9/05/2018










  can’t wait to come back wow wow wow!

originally we were only supposed to be spending one night at keltic quay... our other hotel had cancelled on us due to overbooking so by luck keltic quay had space for us the first and second night. 

straight on arrival we were greeted by the beautiful black labrador hank. after a quick check in and warm welcome we were shown to our lodge for the few days. it was clean, comfortable, very spacious and the view... the view was wonderful. 

our main reason for visiting was to complete the cabot trail (an 8 hour scenic drive). i cannot recommend this enough to anyone. 

keltic quay supplied paddle boats, kayaks and rowing boats all free of charge to help yourself too. every single day i was out kayaking in the lake (despite having never done it before). the only thing i would say is avoid swimming in it. there are jellyfish everywhere although apparently they come in flocks so perhaps it was just the time of year?

we found a top knotch bbq on our deck - and as my partner is a chef that mean bbq’s every evening!

overall we had a five star stay and wish we could’ve stayed for even longer.

thank you very very very much! 

we will be back when visiting again from england.			read moreread less 
sonia_harfleet
 9/05/2018










  perfect place i wish we could stay longer! this place is just everything you would hope for relaxation and comfort. renie's warm welcome and desire to help with anything we need created almost a homelike atmosphere. thank you, renie!  cottages are beautiful. newer built, with everything necessary in it - from kitchen to bath. internet worked well, washer/dryer were so helpful. grill on a porch. it was a home away from home. and the setting around was beautiful - so peaceful! in the main lodge there is a huge 'family' room with the pool table, many other games,  bar, tv, music...there are always things to do and to meet other families if you wish. and overall location is convenient, while being very private and quiet.			read moreread less 
muziklv
 8/27/2018












  idyllic base for the cabot trail awesome place to stay!  convenient to cabot trail.  beautiful cabins, beautiful location on the lake.  cabins had everything you could need if you want to make a home made meal.  access to canoes, kayaks, paddle boats, a fire pit, a pool table.  renie is truly a great innkeeper, very concerned for her guests' comfort.			read moreread less 
jane e
 8/22/2018










  idyllic base for the cabot trail awesome place to stay! convenient to cabot trail. beautiful cabins, beautiful location on the lake. cabins had everything you could need if you want to make a home made meal. access to canoes, kayaks, paddle boats, a fire pit, a pool table. renie is truly a great innkeeper, very concerned for her guests' comfort.			read moreread less 
jane e
 8/22/2018










  amazing view and so much to do we enjoyed or trip to keltic quay so much, we are already planning our resturn trip. it was an excellent homebase to explore cape breton. 2 bedroom cottage was perfect for our family of four. airbath, tv, and good internet service in our room and a lovely deck looking out to an amazing view. pictures can not capture the beauty.

rennie and hank welcomed us with open arms. we had fun around the fire pit, playing pool and shuffle board in the lodge. 

can’t wait to go back.			read moreread less 
sunset7142016
 8/17/2018










  amazing view and so much to do we enjoyed or trip to keltic quay so much, we are already planning our resturn trip. it was an excellent homebase to explore cape breton. 2 bedroom cottage was perfect for our family of four. airbath, tv, and good internet service in our room and a lovely deck looking out to an amazing view. pictures can not capture the beauty. rennie and hank welcomed us with open arms. we had fun around the fire pit, playing pool and shuffle board in the lodge. can’t wait to go back.			read moreread less 
sunset7142016
 8/17/2018












 			renie made it easy to check in, and was very accommodating. great view and a very nice spot right on the lake. respectful neighbors too! you have access to paddle boards and mini boats complimentary. very happy about this b and b and i have stayed at many. i had a few guests one day and she made it easy and accommodating for everyone. fire pit is nice and i went running around the lake too. if you want a nice place to stay in the area i would recommend keltic quay for sure. thanks again!			read moreread less 
matt
 8/11/2018










  gablefly the apartment was very clean and well appointed. plenty of supplies. a couple of things i would point out...the internet service is very slow. don’t expect to stream anything. also while the spot is very peaceful and pretty it is not close to anything we wanted to do. a good hour to the beginning of the cabot trail and an hour and a half to cape breton highlands. we did a lot of driving so did not use this place very much.			read moreread less 
gablefly
 8/05/2018










  amazing property and people we were traveling between family in antigonish on our way to see our daughter in nfld. we stopped along our route at farmers daughter and heather told us about this lodge. what a wonderful surprise! beautiful, well supplied, cabins on the water. access to canoes, fire pit, paddle boats etc. kitchen had everything you could need to make wonderful meals and our cabin had a bbq on the front deck. renie was amazing! a true animal lover and a wonderful person! we may have found this gem unintentionally however we will plan to return for longer. would love to bring the family for a week here next summer. thank you for a memorable evening! see you again soon.			read moreread less 
randr-canada
 7/18/2018










 			outstanding facility, excellent service and the views are world class! they hosted our group of 40 without issue!			read moreread less 
todd gorman
 7/10/2018












  such a pleasure! such a treasure. sometimes photos make a place look better than reality. and sometimes photos don’t do it the justice it deserves. such is the case with the keltic quay. calm, comfortable, and incredibly lovely, the lodge is not only my favorite hotel in cape breton but also one of my favorite stays of all time. set along the waters edge, serene cottages are steps from the bras d’or lake. our favourite times involved relaxing on the front porch with a bottle of wine, enjoying the scenery, and occasionally patting hank – the dog that comes with the lodge. hank’s a black lab, and is as charming as his owner renie, the woman who runs the lodge. everything is taken care of. there’s a fully stocked kitchen, eating area, comfy living room with a gas fireplace, dining area, barbeque– and even a washer and dryer. the beds are wonderful, the scenery is spectacular, and the spacious suites are incredibly clean (i would like to live here). there’s also a lodge with a pool table, and a whole bunch of games. large sofas are available for those who want to have a lively game of cards, or escape from their family. the front porch fabulous, but the grounds are gorgeous as well. although we felt safe and secluded from the rest of the world, we were only a five-minute walk from a grocery store, drugstore, and several places to eat. the farmers daughter makes excellent fish tacos, and charlene’s has fabulous chowder. people were friendly and helpful in whycocomagh– and the town has the smallest barbershop that i’ve ever seen. the lodge is also a jumping off point to the cabot trail. we spent three nights, which wasn’t nearly long enough, where we were well looked after by renie and karen. there are lots stunning attractions close by – beaches, whale watching, hiking, museums – but when we ran out of steam, it was always such a pleasure to return to our cottage at the quay.			read moreread less 
frontseatdriver
 7/07/2018










  such a pleasure! such a treasure. sometimes photos make a place look better than reality. and sometimes photos don’t do it the justice it deserves. such is the case with the keltic quay. 

calm, comfortable, and incredibly lovely, the lodge is not only my favorite hotel in cape breton but also one of my favorite stays of all time. set along the waters edge, serene cottages are steps from the bras d’or lake.  our favourite times involved relaxing on the front porch with a bottle of wine, enjoying the scenery, and occasionally patting hank – the dog that comes with the lodge. 

hank’s a black lab, and is as charming as his owner renie, the woman who runs the lodge. everything is taken care of. there’s a fully stocked kitchen, eating area, comfy living room with a gas fireplace, dining area, barbeque– and even a washer and dryer. the beds are wonderful, the scenery is spectacular, and the spacious suites are incredibly clean (i would like to live here).

there’s also a lodge with a pool table, and a whole bunch of games. large sofas are available for those who want to have a lively game of cards, or escape from their family. 

the front porch fabulous, but the grounds are gorgeous as well. although we felt safe and secluded from the rest of the world, we were only a five-minute walk from a grocery store, drugstore, and several places to eat. the farmers daughter makes excellent fish tacos, and charlene’s has fabulous chowder. people were friendly and helpful in whycocomagh– and the town has the smallest barbershop that i’ve ever seen. 

the lodge is also a jumping off point to the cabot trail. we spent three nights, which wasn’t nearly long enough, where we were well looked after by renie and karen. there are lots stunning attractions close by – beaches, whale watching, hiking, museums – but when we ran out of steam, it was always such a pleasure to return to our cottage at the quay.			read moreread less 
frontseatdriver
 7/07/2018










 			what a beautiful spot to end our tour of the cabot trail! we decided we would come back to spend more than 1 night here to enjoy the amenities and that view!			read moreread less 
judy
 7/01/2018










 			wonderful relaxing resort - a hidden gem with wonderful staff			read moreread less 
donna robertson
 6/18/2018












  spectacular view, wonderful staff and accommodations i'd stay at keltic quay again in a heartbeat! renie and karen take great care of the cottages and their guests. they keep the cottages immaculate and couldn't have been nicer or more helpful! we stayed in the bras d'or suite, which had ample room for a couple and some very nice amenities, such as the spa tub and covered deck. my only regret is not staying here longer--the view was absolutely spectacular, including the avery wildlife we saw everyday (eagles and osprey as well as so many others). whycocomagh--and the whole area--is filled with charming, friendly people.			read moreread less 
annewriter
 6/11/2018










 			very friendly staff 
the cottage’s upstairs rental was excellent 
full kitchen with a great view of the lake from the private balcony complete with adirondack chairs. the lodge is well furnished with comfortable couches a large fireplace and full sized eight ball and shuffle board tables.
if you’re doing the cabot trail this should be at least a night stay before you embark.

be sure to say hello to hank their friendly pooch he’s a riot ��			read moreread less 
jared longard
 1/03/2018










 			driving from halifax to sydney for our grandfathers funeral, my sister and i hit a snowstorm that was not forecasted. we were trying to make it going slow, but when a man flipped his truck behind us we realized the roads were worse than we thought! we called a few motels and all were closed for the season... we ended up booking a cottage for the night (so very beautiful!) and we were greeted at the door by hank the lab/bernese mix and his owner. when she found out all we had was a loaf of bread in the car, she gave us a cheese ball, crackers, butter, jam, cheese, grapes, pop and shortbread cookies so we didn’t have to go out again. i can not say enough good things about this place, we will most definitely be back! & did i mention hank? ��			read moreread less 
kelsey dawn boutilier
 12/29/2017










  friendly and very welcoming when you pull up you are greeted by hank, the gentlest big black lab cross you’ll ever meet. a few head pats and a shake of the paw, your best friends. the property and cottages are beautiful, over looking the lake. suites are well maintained and clean. kitchen is full equipped to make anything you would want. we were the only ones staying there at the time and the owner was kind enough to leave the lodge open after hours for us to go and play some pool and shuffleboard. we will be stopping and staying here next time we go through.			read moreread less 
michelle l
 12/20/2017












 			it really is as beautiful as it looks!! we loved everything about it from the view, the friendly reception, the beautiful clean and well equipped cottages and the games room that was so fun and cozy really something for everyone.   we will definitely be back and sad to leave.			read moreread less 
sally warburton maclean
 11/05/2017










  wonderful experience and amazing scenery! stayed one night at keltic quay and will definitely be returning for more! the staff is incredibly friendly and welcoming, the room was very clean and well furnished, lots of activities available, the property is absolutely stunning, and they are dog friendly! i have lived in cape breton nearly my entire life, and keltic quay is definitely on my short list of the most beautiful places on the island! also, hank (the owners dog) is a big sweetheart and incredibly cuddly 🙂 ps. i know it's hard, but if you can wake up for sunrise on a clear morning you will not be disappointed!			read moreread less 
matt m
 10/29/2017










  wish we had stayed longer what a beautiful setting and fully equipped cottage right on the water in whycocomagh! we wished we had stayed here longer as it was so peaceful and serene. we arose in the morning to the fog laying low on the water and watched a beautiful sunrise. the two bedroom accommodations were nicely done with everything you would need to stay for a longer vacation (washer and dryer in the unit!). we didn't have time to appreciate the main building with pool table and bar, but imagine it would have been a great place to spend evenings. there was even a fire pit outside to enjoy. the grill on the deck was an added bonus too. the only downside was having one bathroom for two couples, but it wasn't a deal breaker. awesome location and beautiful accommodations!			read moreread less 
54jls
 10/24/2017










 			fantastic place to stay! wonderful accommodations, friendly management, beautiful view. private, well kept and cozy. definitely hope to get back again.			read moreread less 
vickie diamond
 9/11/2017












  one of our top stays anywhere, ever. we had an awesome stay at keltic quay. hank (the dog) is a true asset - our ten year old son played with him for hours! everything is well maintained and comfortable. peaceful but able to keep a ten year old occupied. the location is great for exploring - but was also excellent for kayaking, canoeing and exploring the lodge on site. all dishes supplied - two block walk to the grocery store for supplies. not many restaurants around but easy to make your own meals with the facilities supplied. we will be back!			read moreread less 
sharon c
 9/04/2017










  great place to stay in cape breton had a very nice stay at keltic quay - renee is a very nice person and very accommodating (when we were there a motorcyclist (who was a guest) got a flat tire and she was prepared to go pick them up on the cabot trail in the evening somewhere but the tow truck driver landed up driving the bikers back to the lodge - now that is what i call taking good care of your guests!. loved the view of the lake from the deck especially while having my morning coffee when it was nice an quiet. hank (the black lab) was great - he even spent some time with me sitting on the deck. what was really great was being at the fire pit - the first night met some real nice folks from rhode island and the second night some real nice folks from ottawa - reminded me of my camping days with my kids! too bad the third night it rained and didn't think to go inside the lodge where they had a fire going. all in all a great stay and would highly recommend!			read moreread less 
brooklynboy1955
 9/03/2017










  relax on your veranda the owner, renee, was absolutely marvelous! she got us settled, reminded us our room had a fully equipped kitchen and a grill on the deck, so we could make a quick run to the local store, buy some food and have a relaxing evening! we did, and were sipping wine while looking at the excellent view! rooms were quiet, modern and clean. location is a dream. and we watched the osprey chicks practice flying in the afternoons. there is a large game room in the main building with a wood burning fireplace if one wants to play. we want to go back for sure!			read moreread less 
mark k
 8/29/2017










  great three night stay we had a one bedroom suite on the second floor that was spacious, well furnished and extremely clean. the bathroom has been updated and a new environmental unit (ac/heat) was just installed. one of the nice touches were the high thread count sheets on the beds. they were very comfortable. as an extra attraction they created a nesting platform that is being occupied by an osprey family. what a treat to walk out of your unit and observe nature that close.			read moreread less 
bob h
 8/20/2017












  not enough superlatives to describe this place one never knows what accommodations will be like when you arrive, especially ones you find online. when we arrived we were greeted by hank, the innkeeper's black lab. being a dog lover, i immediately thought that this was a great place. the innkeeper, rena, was all smiles and so welcoming. we stayed in cottage 2b which is a 1 bedroom which has 2 queen beds, a full kitchen, a full bathroom with a jet air bath tub, a large living room and a balcony with 3 adirondack chairs and a gas grill. though our visit was only 4 days/3 nights, we made the most of our time. keltic quay sits on bras d'or lake and is only 20 miles from the start of the cabot trail, 9 miles from baddeck and < a mile from bras d'or lake scenic drive. the clubhouse is accessible anytime and we took advantage a few nights after dinner. it has a cribbage table, pool table, shuffle board, an amazing stone fireplace which we lit one night, an outdoor fire pit which we used twice. there's a great stereo which has an ipod dock. we cranked up the music until the quiet time hour of 11:00 pm. byob canoes, kayaks and peddle boats are accessible and free of charge to use. i obviously cannot say enough positive things about keltic quay. it is a must! fyi - there's no housekeeping but they give you enough towels for the length of your stay. dishes, glasses, pots/pans, cutlery are all provided. you also have to take out your own trash.			read moreread less 
artdon
 8/20/2017










 			lovely setting, very quiet and peaceful. renie is the perfect host, convincing us to go up to the store and cook on the balcony. what a night. perfect. hank the tank is a very friendly resort dog. he entertained us fetching sticks from the lake. well worth every penny! 5+ stars.			read moreread less 
mark kopinski
 8/19/2017










  remarkable place in nova scotia this is one of the most well kept resorts i have ever seen. it is set on a beautiful lake,cottages are beyond compare & the staff is phenomenal. it is so clean & well maintained, i mean really deep clean,you won't find a spec of dirt anywhere in your unit. the units come with everything you might ever need, just bring food & clothes. there are paddle boats & kayaks you can use also. we had our motorcycles with us and was able to put them in a garage at night. your close to the cabot trail and many other things to see and do. there's food,gas stations & restaurants close by. can't say enough great things about this place or the people there,also hank the dogs a cutie too.			read moreread less 
ladtvtxrider
 8/13/2017










 			enjoyed our stay so much we booked another date!! everything form the housekeeping to the view was amazing!!			read moreread less 
shirley long
 8/04/2017












  peaceful setting this eye appealing property sits on a beautiful bay. it was very peaceful to sit outside on our porch and enjoy the water view with the hills in the background. we were upgraded to a two bedroom unit and that worked out well for us. the property is well kept and our room was clean and newer feeling. the internet went out the first night and some of the outlets didn't work (bottom plugs only). renie was a very nice host.			read moreread less 
timothy m
 6/28/2017










  nice cottage on the shores of lake wife and i enjoyed 2 nights here on our maritimes holiday. cottage was nice with a deck facing the lake. early may so it was too cool to enjoy the deck. cozy but a little pricey for early may and beds weren't that comfortable. owner very nice and friendly.			read moreread less 
david k
 5/24/2017










  nye...awesome place my girlfriend and i, and another couple spent december 30, 31 2016 nights here for new years eve. we rented one of the two bedroom apartments. upon arrival we were greeted and welcomed with open arms, very friendly and helpful. they were absolutely beautiful, one room had two beds, another had one. had a washer and dryer in the bathroom for laundry, clean towels. tv, fully equipped kitchen, from pots, pans, cutlery to bbq equipment. since we stayed outside of the season their was not a bbq available but we took a coleman bbq and they were happy to let us use that. they were very spacious and clean. we had a beautiful view of the lake and had permission to light off fireworks nye which was nice. the lady running the place opened up the bar for us one night, we went over and shot some pool, played some other games, played our own music and she served us some drinks. it was very relaxing. i cannot say a bad thing about this place, we are planning on making it a nye tradition.			read moreread less 
ryan y
 5/23/2017










  a wonderful time! we absolutely love keltic quay and renie! it's a perfect getaway to enjoy with family friends and our dog! we love it more with every visit! renie is the lodge manager and is amazing along with her dog hank.....we honestly never experienced such great hospitality anywhere before. her sister karen maintains these wonderful cabins and they are always spotless and comfortable. the location on the beautiful bras d'or lakes is beautiful all year long, can't wait to get back there.			read moreread less 
funinsun23
 3/14/2017












 			beautiful cottages.very well kept.great people , definitely will be back again!!!			read moreread less 
sidney mcinnis
 3/12/2017










 			it was a great visit to keltic quay.  i had won a free  nights stay on their 'like and share' contest and they did not disappoint!  it was very cozy, welcoming, clean and well equipped!  my teenaged children enjoyed the lodge games, good wifi and beautiful scenery and photo ops. it was a great family getaway to play some games and spend time together!			read moreread less 
wanda g hamilton
 1/30/2017










 			we have never been there yet but it sounds lovely.			read moreread less 
john-and carolyn macdonald
 1/25/2017










 			beautiful resort.  large spacious suites that are very clean and well appointed with everything you may need.  very scenic property which is well maintained.  the main lodge is incredible with it's huge fireplace, pool table, shuffle board and cribbage tables and huge bar.  a terrific room to hold a gathering or to just sit and enjoy a drink.  staff are incredibly friendly and accommodating.  it was my first time there, but certainly not my last.  highly recommend it!  5 starts for sure			read moreread less 
brenda ann leblanc
 1/23/2017












 			what a wonderful, cozy, clean, well equipped and welcoming accommodation. we stayed in the winter and were taken by the beauty of the property. we can only imagine how beautiful this place is during the summer and autumn months. this is really a hidden treasure in cape breton. we will be back!			read moreread less 
nikky adams-quackenbush
 1/23/2017










  keltic quay....awesome!! beautiful setting on the water....head of bras d'or lakes! very nice clean cottages with all amenities you need. reni the manager is a very special person, always offering whatever is needed to help. hard to beat this all-around... its a 10!! don't miss it in cape breton!!			read moreread less 
novamacs1
 1/17/2017










  great place to stay stayed here for 2 nights over remembrance day weekend. beautiful setting right on the bay. cottage is right on the shoreline. very clean. well equipped. everything you would ever need to do your cooking. the owner is lovely and able to answer any questions. the main lodge is beautiful as well with a huge stone fireplace and lots of windows overlooking the lake. would definitely recommend and stay here again			read moreread less 
gotthetravelbug1969
 11/14/2016










 			i think it's an amazing place to hide away with the love of your life. its so beautiful.			read moreread less 
zachery copeland
 11/07/2016












  fantastic my husband and i booked a romantic getaway we were not disappointed. the view was stunning. the cottage was clean and comfortable. the owner operator was very helpful. we loved the dog hank!!! well worth the money.			read moreread less 
vanessa m
 11/06/2016










 			amazing place to stay very clean and modern. the staff are great and go the extra mile.			read moreread less 
robert cormier
 10/13/2016










  wow! wonderful place! this place exceeded my expectations. this was the perfect place to spend a few days on cape breton. my son was heading off to dalhousie for university and i decided a few days of golf was a nice way to start the process. not that hard of a drive (under 3 hours) from halifax airport with a stop in antigonish for lunch. close to cabot links (35 minutes not too for from highland links (75 minutes) if you are into golf! the cottages come fully equipped ( towels, hair dryer, toiletries, cutlery, dishes, dish soap) and sets you up for an easy vacation. we had a few meals in our own fully equipped kitchen looking out over the water. renee made some perfect suggestions for restaurants and routes. enjoyed the complimentary canoes after a day of golf to explore the water and island. we had tons of room in our one bedroom (2 queen beds) but i also had a peak at the 2 bedroom units as well. well thought out lay-outs, renovated and pride of ownership. there is a common lodge area with pool table, bar, meeting area and spacious lounge to gather with friends, if you so desire. we ran out of time but look forward to coming back with more family. say hi to hank the very friendly dog. he would quietly welcome us whenever we got home. (and yes i would call this place home!)			read moreread less 
clarkeeee
 9/12/2016










  awesome bayside escape in central cape breton!! keltic quay far exceeded our expectations. it is centrally located, easy to find, on a gorgeous lake, immacultely clean and maintained beautifully. it has a lovely lodge with pool and other games, an electric piano and outdoor fire pit. guests have access to canoes, kayaks and paddle boats. each unit is nicely appointed, spacious, well equipped and very clean! our two bedroom unit also had a washer, dryer and dishwasher. our stay was made that much more pleasant by the lovely innkeeper, renee and her trusty dog hank! renee offered many great ideas, looked things up for us, brought us puzzles, games hot chocolate and treats on a rainy grey day. she was the cherry on top of our lovely cape breton vacation. i would recommend this spot 100%			read moreread less 
cadillacgirl99
 8/27/2016












  wow, wow, wow!!! i don't know where to begin except to say that after arriving, i was so depressed that i was only staying one night. i would love to go back and spend a week. we had a 2 bedroom cottage. all of the cottages are right on the water, about 15 feet from the water. the inside and outside of the cottage were beautiful and the views are stunning. our cottage had a porch facing the water with a full sized grill and a number of chairs. the owner/manager was so friendly. upon arrival, she showed me the main house and the cottage. at 10pm the night we checked in, our toilet stopped working. my father was with us and knew how to fix it, so i talked to the owner and, knowing they could not get a plumber at that time of night, told her my father could fix it if she had the parts. he got it fixed fairly quickly. upon check-out, the owner gave us a nice discount on our stay for the inconvenience, which we thought was very nice of her! the sunrise from the front porch is so gorgeous! i wish i could have stayed to enjoy this property for more than one night!			read moreread less 
laurie2668
 8/24/2016










  absolutely wonderful! my wife and i just think this hidden gem is the perfect place to spend a few days. we stay in the whycocomagh suite each time we go and its always immaculate, the cleanest accommodations that we have ever stayed. the cabins are equipped with quality appliances, beds, bbq's, washer/dryer and accessories. the main lodge is beautiful and a great place to wind down at the end of the day, playing a game a pool, shuffleboard, darts, chess, cards or relaxing by the fire. renie is the manager of this beautiful place and there isn't words to describe how lovely this lady is, she is very caring, hardworking and always ensuring we have a comfortable and enjoyable stay. the housekeeping staff must also be recognized for their amazing work, to maintain these cabins to such a high standard. "hank" is the lodge dog which is part lab/burmese mtn dog that patrols the shoreline for sticks, rocks or any other lake bottom structure he can carry. he is an amazing dog that i believe lives a life that would be the envy of every dog on the planet. we cannot wait to return to hug renie, pet hank and enjoy this amazing lodge on the shores of the beautiful bras d'or lakes!			read moreread less 
funinsun23
 8/18/2016










  slice of heaven this place is beyond unbelievable. it starts with ms. renee, (pronounced rainy) and extends to her sister karen who was on site for our visit. renee was sooooo amazing in her over the top kindness and trust and energy extended to all guests. she exuded every positive attribute you would hope for in a world class hotel and then took it to the next level. our unit was far more than a cottage with a perfect wake up view to the largest inland saltwater lake. we stayed for three nights and it was the perfect location to head off to the cabot trail, sydney and other local attractions. there truly is not enough positive i could ever say to match the perfection of our stay. we had the use of a garage to keep our harley safe and dry for the nights and all the items we needed to clean our bike each day. renee advised this was due to the generosity of the owner. the accommodations were fully appointed with furniture, a full kitchen and even a washer and dryer if you needed to use it right in the cottage. if we return to the area, we will only call renee as there is no reason for us to lower the bar that has been set.			read moreread less 
tedhatch
 8/02/2016










 			very comfortable, everything you need. beautiful view to sit and enjoy with your coffee. can walk to everything around the village.			read moreread less 
lynn caldwell
 6/10/2016












  relaxing stay we planned to stay here one night and ended up staying three nights. the hostess is wonderful and full of suggestions. we loved the active osprey nest and the eagles. balcony overlooking the lake. spacious, clean cottage. we appreciated being able to use the laundry facilities for free. fun to follow the dog hank in his journeys through the water.			read moreread less 
larry f
 5/25/2016










  what an amazing place! from the moment we drove onto the property, being welcomed by "hank the tank", i knew this was going to be a great weekend. the main lodge itself is fantastic. the high ceilings, exposed beams and large stone fireplace make it so cozy and inviting! (the large table-sized crib board also helps). we stayed in one of the 2 bedroom cottages and they were extremely comfortable and spacious! the kitchen/dining area is at the front next to the door and windows with incredible views of the lake. it was the perfect starting/end point for our day-filled cabot trail adventure! after a good day of hiking and driving, nothing could beat sitting on the deck with the view of the lake. the only downside to the stay was not having enough time to take advantage of the kayaks! there's always next time.			read moreread less 
l0nster-90
 5/22/2016










 			we have stayed a few times, rented both top and bottom accommodations and had a real nice family gathering.  this place is excellent, very clean, the lodge is gorgeous high ceilings and amazing view and beautiful fireplace.  we were treated very well here.   love, love it.  will be back again i hope.			read moreread less 
gloria s
 12/19/2015










 			i like this place and the manager. she keeps the place going			read moreread less 
arnold matheson
 12/18/2015












 			one of the best views ever!  "along the shores of hogama"			read moreread less 
shane matheson
 12/16/2015










  an absolute delight!!! you will not be disappointed. even if you were the pickiest person in the world you would have trouble finding a bad thing to say about this place. an absolute gem for sure! beautiful location! cottages were stunning! clean, very well equipped and maintained! the minute i got there i was sad i would have to leave! the lodge was stunning! went their to go hiking and had a hard time leaving the cottage! love love love and can't wait to come back!!! the photo is from the internet and is a stunning picture of the fireplace in the main lodge!			read moreread less 
capergirl36
 11/11/2015










  incredible views...right on the lake! this was a wonderful place to stay! the owners were very friendly and helpful! it is lakefront with the most spectacular views of sunsets, eagles, hills, etc. the cottages are very well kept and very clean. we will definitely be going back there when we get to nova scotia again! an added bonus was they had garage storage for our motorcycles complete with cleaning supplies! thank you for a wonderful stay!			read moreread less 
kim w
 10/01/2015










  heavenly cottages by the sea yes, i did say "by the sea" because being perched on the shores of the massive bras d' or lake which is some 60 miles long feels just like being on the ocean. each of the wonderful cottages here have occupancy for two families, one on the second floor and one on the first. they are wonderfully furnished and have a full kitchen, sitting area, bedroom, of course, and best of all a wonderful sitting area overlooking the water. each balcony (above) and deck (below) has a propane grill. the first level accommodations also have a washer dryer. folks on the second level are welcome to use the lodge's laundry facilities. on top of all this you have a delightful innkeeper who is extremely friendly and very helpful. also friendly is the innkeepers dog "hank the tank" whose in-water antics make for great viewing. the main lodge offers a full bar, comfy chairs in front of a fireplace, a pool table, dart board and indoor shuffle board. between the accommodations and amenities could anyone really ask for more? in our opinion this place is simply fabulous. bob & martha			read moreread less 
bob d
 9/28/2015












  what a place! sometimes you see a place advertised on the web and it looks good, only to get there and be bitterly disappointed. well... this time it was exactly how it was described and if possible... even better. the welcome by renie was warm and very canadian. the quality of the two bedroomed suite was superb and fully equipped; the location of the stoop at the front was less than 20 feet from the lake shore. during our stay we were introduced to other guests and joined them for drinks and toasted marshmallow cones... a marvellous evening. in order to watch the opening games of the rugby world cup, renie threw open the conference room with the projector tv for the two of us... the english and welsh teams both won their opening games... just as well for the englishman and the welshman watching. i cannot recommend keltic quay and renie highly enough... make sure you stay here.			read moreread less 
richard s
 9/26/2015










  this was our "great find" on our three week vacation through the maritimes!! if you enjoy a coffee in the morning on the porch just a few steps from the lake watching the loons fish for breakfast you'll love this facility. there are 12 beautifully appointed 2 bedroom cottages perfectly equipped so you can enjoy cooking up some local mussels. the lodge is managed by a true gem-renie who couldn't have made you feel more welcomed. we were in the vicinity to play golf at cabot links/cabot cliffs			read moreread less 
bill v
 9/02/2015










  fantastic summer and winter retreat i stayed here with a large group of family members and it was just perfect! the cottages sleep 8 people downstairs and 6 people upstairs with separate kitchens and bathrooms for each unit. there is also a washer and dryer in each unit. the cottages are completely self contained, modern and very well maintained. each cottage has the most incredible view overlooking the beautiful bras d'or lakes. there is a grocery store and bottle shop within walking distance and a great bakery/cafe just up the street. there is a common room with a pool table, dart board, cribbage board, board games, a piano and a poker table. there are paddle boats and kayaks for general use. it was the perfect place to get away for a short summer break and i've heard that it's fabulous for snow mobilers in winter as well. oh, i forgot to mention, there is a restaurant down the road called charlene's bayside restaurant and they serve incredible seafood chowder. they also catered to our rather large family gathering - salads, ribs, chicken, home made rolls and a fresh from the oven birthday cake. fantastic!!!			read moreread less 
jos5878
 8/18/2015










  amazing!!! stayed here for one night, and couldn't of had a better night away!! renie is probably the friendliest host you could ever have. she is very welcoming and sweet! she even gave us bug spray to keep the night time mosquitoes at bay as we were travelling with our newborn. the one bedroom suite itself had everything you need and more. it was immaculate inside and beautifully decorated. the best part was the view!!!! it is amazing! i've travelled all over with my partner, and keltic quay is by far my favorite place. we sat out on our deck from the time we arrived until bedtime. will definitely be back!!			read moreread less 
amanda s
 7/05/2015












  amazing!!! no words to describe how amazing this place and the staff are!! can't wait to get back for more down time:) the property and cottages are immaculate couldn't find a spec of dust if you tried!! the manager's dog hank is super friendly and so much fun to play with he was amazing with our 2 year old and played fetch with her for hours:)			read moreread less 
cmacpher
 7/04/2015










 			absolutely wonderful!! we got stuck in cape breton due to the blizzard that went through a month ago. the team was absolutely wonderful. we are headed back in october!! can't wait!!			read moreread less 
bethany jade wilkie
 3/03/2015










 			my wife and i were absolutely taken by the hospitality and first class accomodations. we highly recommend to those visiting beautiful cape breton.			read moreread less 
curtis christie
 1/26/2015










 			i love the atmosphere at keltic quay. as soon as you arrive - you relax. i think it would be an ideal spot for a family reunion - lots of places to play, eat and enjoy the scenery as well as family and friends.			read moreread less 
yvonne lynch
 12/16/2014












 			love it here, girls weekend every year! can't wait to do it again!			read moreread less 
janet marsh vickers
 11/18/2014










  a hidden gem!! we stayed here 4 nights and found it to be an excellent, central location for our activities on cape breton such as the glenora distillery, fortress of louisbourg, bras d'or lakes region, and the cabot trail . besides the location we simply loved the clean and modern apartment we had. a full kitchen, living room with gas fireplace, and porch from which i could have jumped into the lake it was so close! we also had our own gas grill on the porch and the view was serene with the great blue heron flying around and fishing directly in front of us in the evenings. the property is slightly off the main road making it feel even more secluded and quiet. renie, the innkeeper, who was so very helpful to us, keeps the property lovely with seasonal flowers. there is a grocery store (which also sells liquor) and also farm type store with fresh fruits & vegetables, and baked goods within easy walking distance. we generally travel to a place and cover it extensively, with the idea we will not return because there is a whole wide world to discover, but this is a place we plan to return!			read moreread less 
covewomyn
 10/18/2014










  relaxation although still about 1 hour south of the cape breton national park east entrance, we situated ourselves just below the cabot trail loop that connects to the east and west entrances to the park. there was a lot of road construction on the east side so we were using the west entrance. the cottages are right on the water in whycocomagh and have a deck overlooking very active waterbird activity. the cottages are amply supplied with just about everything you could want (dishes, cooking utensils, microwave, stove, fridge, etc) and very clean. there is a co-op mini-mart about 1 km away where you can store up on fresh veggies, fruits, meats, etc. the innkeeper was very helpful pointing us in the right direction to get to where we wanted to go. would definitely stay there again if we were in that area.			read moreread less 
mentor189
 10/05/2014










 			beautiful place 🙂			read moreread less 
amanda k macdonald
 9/14/2014












  wow...what a fantastic place!! several years ago while visiting the maritimes, we quite literally stumbled on keltic quay and what a fantastic find that was!! keltic quay’s location makes it an ideal base for touring not only the cabot trail but also cape breton island. the lodge and grounds are extremely well kept. cabins are well appointed and spotlessly clean and this is a major consideration for me! inn keeper, renie, is warm, welcoming and makes each visit to keltic quay an absolute pleasure. i honestly don’t think i can say enough good things about this accommodation.			read moreread less 
dlt-pc
 9/04/2014










  amazing place! highly recommended to all! this place is absolutely amazing! i am definitely going to go back! everything from the grounds, to the cabins, the garages to store motorcycles and the amazing view of the water are excellent! the only thing better than these things was the warm welcome and fantastic customer service of the innkeeper! this place is definitely one of the best places i have been to! thanks for making our vacations memorable and wonderful!			read moreread less 
montrealbiker
 8/23/2014










  what a great place! my wife and i had a nice but too brief stay at the keltic quay lodge. we were only passing through on a road trip, so we spent two nights, but we will stay for a week next time. very relaxing and great accommodations.			read moreread less 
rolloutguy
 8/22/2014










  wouldn't go back me and my two girlfriends stayed at keltic quay this summer as we were touring though the east coast. our experience was quite unfortunate. the rooms were nice enough but the service was terrible. we were charged an extra night that we didn't stay there without notice. they were very rude with us and refused despite all of our suggestions to not charge us at the end of our stay even though is looked them in the eyes and said you know we didn't stay here why are you charging us we didn't use any of your services. her reply was that while we didn't stay there she didn't she turned away customers because of our reservation. this was completely false as we didn't see any other cars in the parking lot nor did we see anyone else in the lobby, on the porches or around the grounds nor was there any other lights on at night other than ours. our room also clearly hadn't been used in a while as the door was covered in spiders and webs (at least 10 upon first glance) and our rooms had spider webs all all over the ceiling corners. our purpose of staying here was to drive/hike the cabot trail as the hotel was advertised to be right along it however to get to the heart of the trail/where all the trails are was about a two hour drive away. the two hour drive would have been worth it if the staff would have been accommodating but it was clear they owner was just money hungry because of the lack of people staying there. the price was not worth it and we would definitely not recommend them to anyone. there are nicer places to stay closer to the cabot trail park. you also have to drive about 40 minutes to get to a grocery store if you don't want gas station food.			read moreread less 
brianacamp
 8/13/2014












  fantastic some of the best accommodations available on the island. very comfortable beds. well appointed cabins contain everything needed to prepare a meal including bbq utensils for the patio/deck bbq. fantastic view of the beautiful bras d'or lake from your patio (about 15' from the shore so pretty hard to miss). impeccable cleanliness. nights spent around communal fire pit were amazing (abundant supply of fire wood to boot). the lodge has a bar, pool table, shuffle board, darts, all of which are of exceptional quality. last but by no means least the staff is amazing. you'll hardly know they are on site. unless, of course, you may need something; in that case you'll find they are absolutely amazing and attentive to every request. i can't say much else other than i will most certainly be back.			read moreread less 
shawn o
 7/31/2014










  what a nice surprise it was our first trip to nova scotia and since we were driving form maine we thought we would do the cabot trail. plenty of hotel options available but we lucked out when we chose keltic quay. it was more of a suite with a kitchen than a room. we had the entire 2nd floor looking onto the lake with a porch and barbecue. has to be one of the best places to stay in ns. it was quiet, clean and very peaceful. renie is a great hostess as manager and gave us plenty of restaurant guidance and travel tips. we spent 3 nights here and it was one of the highlights of our trip. highly recommend keltic quay.			read moreread less 
kentito
 7/30/2014










  we loved it here, don't forget the osprey! we stayed here for 3 days. (there is a special if you stay for 3 days). rene was an excellent host! she took care of us well and made some great suggestions for our visit. there is access to laundry, wifi, and all the other things already listed in the other review. we had done our share of b&bs and were ready for something different. the grocery store is within walking distance. we bought some food and cooked things to our liking. we found this to be a great base for the cabot trail, the fort in lousburg, the wiskey distilerry tour. baddeck is a larger town with some great additional restaurant options as well. there is also an osprey nest on site. we got to see the osprey with its chick a number of times. this was really cool to be able to do ! look at the pictures and book here. no worries , no fears you will enjoy this place.			read moreread less 
traveler347
 7/29/2014










 			amazing accommodations, staff and value!!!  beautifully located on the world famous cabot trail.			read moreread less 
gilles aucoin
 6/18/2014












  loved it. bras d'or lake is literally steps from your front door. cabins are modern, comfortable and immaculate, with laundry and fully stocked kitchen. you will have access to the main lodge including pool table, darts and a comfy area for visiting and relaxing. there are kayaks, canoe and paddle boats for guest use and motor boat available for rent. easy drive to cabot trail and other wonderful cape breton tourist attractions.			read moreread less 
greatwhiten
 6/18/2014










 			absolutely one of the hidden gems of cape breton. .rene..makes it			read moreread less 
craig macdonald
 4/25/2014










  fabulous hospitality spent a couple days snowmobiling in the area and used kq as our base. amazing modern, clean and spacious accommodations with free wifi. staff is second to none!! great food and service. lodge main house is equipped with fireplace, pool table and shuffle board. try it and you will love it!!			read moreread less 
cigauc
 2/27/2014










 			fantastic accommodations and extremely friendly staff will do anything to make your stay enjoyable			read moreread less 
genette lynn
 1/17/2014












  wonderful place to stay. we stayed here in august of 2012. the cabins were clean and beautiful. the lake is right outside your door. the owners couldn't have been more accommodating. we used this as our "home base" while riding the cabot trail on our motorcycle. we have recommended this place to others and we would most definitely stay here again. worth the stay!			read moreread less 
debbie l
 1/16/2014










  perfect getaway we stayed in a two bedroom suite this past month and have only great things to say about our experience. the suite was cozy, clean and very spacious with all the amenities we could need. the view was stunning and the location ideal making this spot both great as a vacation get away in and of itself or as the perfect base camp for day trips in the area. the staff were incredibly welcoming and helpful, and made sure we were well taken care of during a blizzard. we will return!			read moreread less 
anonymous998
 1/07/2014










  beautiful cabins on the shore the keltic quay was incredibly clean, comfortable, and came with beautiful views of the brad d'or lakes. our hosts were generous and kind - shoveling us out every morning as we stayed down during a fierce winter storm. i highly recommend the spot to anyone looking to explore cape breton. wonderful stay.			read moreread less 
carly c
 1/07/2014










  1st blizzard of jan. 2014 it was our great fortune to have spent the night at the keltic quay. this great location became a safe haven for some weary travellers who could not imagine having to drive to another destination that night. the accommodations were amazing. a beautiful chateau on the edge of the bay. even with all it's winter whiteness was a beautiful sight. inside it was clean, spacious, warm and inviting. comfortable beds, lots of extra blankets, pillows and towels. a kitchen equipted with all the necessities and modern appliances. a cozy living room with a flat screen tv and a fireplace. a little piece of heaven. thank you to owner/the staff, your kindness speaks volumes to the welcome sign.			read moreread less 
heather m
 1/04/2014












  i wish we had a few more days we used keltic quay as a central location for exploring the cabot trail (the skyline trail is a must). this was the perfect location to relax at the end of a long day exploring. the tranquil bras d'or lake at your door step, bird life flying by (including bald eagles), fire pit and inside fire in the main lodge and huge beds (the kids had a queen sized bed each which was much needed after numerous shared bed alternatives). the kitchen was very well appointed which made our seafood chowder and seafood risotto with steak from the outside bbq as easy as cooking at home. our host was particularly friendly and my only regret was that we didn't stay longer to enjoy the free water craft and sit by the fire. we will be back next time we visit cape breton and will sure to bring our extended family.			read moreread less 
jasles
 10/20/2013










  makes a perfect base camp you need at least 4 days to do justice to cape breton. because nowhere is too far to drive we found it very convenient to stay in whycocomagh and venture out from there. keltic quay was ideal for our purposes. the property is literally on the shore of a large bay off bras d'or lakes. five cottages in a row line the shore. the grounds are spacious, clean, well maintained and very quiet. thus when we got home after a day sightseeing we felt we were returning to our own private resort. we booked a one bedroom suite, the upper floor of a cottage. the ground floor was 2 bedroom suites. bedroom has 2 double beds and lots of room. the kitchen was well enough equipped, although there was no blender for breakfast smoothies. four piece bath was ceramic tiled and included a jacuzzi tub. living area was comfortable with good sized flat screen tv. this led to a balcony overlooking the water, with deck chairs and bbq on which we did a great steak dinner. the place makes a point of being pet friendly - our reason for booking here. you can get in a decent dog walk without leaving the property, although you can stretch it out easily by venturing down the shorefront road. finally, you won't get a nicer welcome anywhere. thank you reenie for such a pleasant stay.			read moreread less 
antiqueshowscanada
 9/07/2013










  will be back for sure! what an amazing place. clean, spacious, quiet, beautiful views and everything you will need for your home away from home. loved that it was only an hour from antigonish. made our breakfast every morning, cooked dinner on the bar b q. enjoyed the bonfire meeting new people. rennie was a great hostess. nothing bad to say except we had to leave! we had the one bedroom and it was huge...			read moreread less 
12soccermom
 8/22/2013










  highlight of our nova scotia stay my wife and i chose keltic quay as a central location for exploring cape breton island. we had an upper floor looking out over the lake. the room was well appointed and very clean. there was a large sitting area on the lake side of the room with a queen sized bed on the parking end of the room. we spent 3 nights here and thoroughly enjoyed each night. we were able to avail ourselves of a paddle boad one evening but had ato forego the canoes and kayaks. the location is convenient to the cabot trail and made a good base of operations. the location is approximately 3.5 miles from halifax and appoximately 1 hour from the cape breton highlands park. an added bonus was watching the mink hunting along the rocks at the water's edge.			read moreread less 
dbearnc
 7/22/2013












  wonderful place if you have not been to cape breton island, ns, you have missed a remarkable part of north america; and keltic quay bayfront lodge is absolutely where you should stay. roomy, clean and well equipped cottages right on bras d'or lake... with free kayaks & canoes available. one of the few vacation rentals you will find where everything works, has everything you will need, and is meticulously cared for. much quieter than the more touristy baddeck (about 20 minutes away) but just as accessible to the cabot trail. and your hostess, renie, could not be more friendly or accommodating. what a find!			read moreread less 
dez24
 7/18/2013










  best place we've ever stayed! my and i have stayed in dozens of inns and b&b's over the years throughout new england and atlantic canada. some of them have been phenomenal. but none have measured up to the keltic quay. the location is stunning, with the chalets just a few feet from the lakefront. there are free kayaks and canoes to explore the lake, a beautiful game room with tabletop shuffleboard and pool, and a fire pit. you are actually on the cabot trail. the cottages are also very well equipped, with everything you need to avoid having the eat out three times a day. stores to stock up are within walking distance as well. but what really makes this the best place we've ever stayed was the manager renie rogers. she truly will do whatever it takes to make your stay as perfect as possible and you will have made a true friend by the time you leave.			read moreread less 
socprof5
 8/19/2012










  enjoyable stay at keltic quay my friend and i recently spent 3 nights at keltic quay, and enjoyed the property very much. the cottages are waterfront (steps away!), attractive, incredibly clean and well equipped. we shared a 1 bdrm. (2 queen beds) which is on the top floor. the bottom floor contains the 2 bdrm. cottage. the view from our balcony was superb, and we made fine use of the tabletop weber barbecue on two occasions. the kitchen was very well equipped, however, a blender was not provided. since my breakfast usually consists of a fruit/protein smoothie, i mentioned the lack of a blender to our gracious inkeeper, reenie, and within 10 minutes she was knocking on our door with a blender for use during our stay. very much appreciated! also worthy of mention, the beds are very comfortable. high quality sleep sets with pillowtop mattresses were a pleasure to retire on at the end of the day. and the lovely breezes from the bras d'or lakes kept us cool as we drifted off to sleep. ahhhh.... the main lodge is lovely! we made our way over there with our coffee one evening after supper, to have a game of pool. this central gathering place is very spacious, and beautifully decorated in a classy version of "rustic". there is a large stone fireplace with leather sofa seating around it. in addition to the high-quality pool table, there is a shuffleboard table, large crib board, and darts. outside there is a firepit area lakeside. very nice! although we have visited cape breton a few times before, this was our first time staying in the whycocomagh area. it was very convenient for our day trips to baddeck, sydney and louisburg. in summary, we enjoyed our stay at keltic quay very much. the only reason for giving 4 stars instead of 5 is the fact that the cottages are stacked (1 bdrm. over 2 bdrm.) in each building, therefore, privacy and noise might be an issue if non-related guests are staying upstairs/downstairs in the cottages. they do have separate entrances, but noise definately carries. some ladies came in to tidy the downstairs cottage while we were upstairs, and we could clealry hear them talking and moving things about in the kitchen. conversely, i'm sure they could clearly hear us moving about upstairs. also, doors opening and closing were highly audible. this likely wouldn't be an issue if friends or family were renting both parts of the cottage building. we also noted that no one came in to tidy or replenish towels, etc. during our three night stay. we were fine with this, as we have no problem re-using towels, and kept the place tidy ourselves. we didn't ask, but perhaps maid service is available daily on request. many thanks, reenie, for your warm hospitality. we will definately tell family and friends about keltic quay!			read moreread less 
lahaverivergirl
 7/09/2012










  not to be missed in cape breton - fantastic! wow. simply excellent. i stayed in a two bedroom chalet with a group of friends for a reunion - we stayed here for one night. we did not have any trouble locating the chalets, they are situated more off the cabot trail, so its a wonderful hidden gem. the chalet's overlooks a lake - its peaceful and the only sound nearby is church bells! there is a wonderful deck to lounge and relax. for the cold winter nights or even on a slow evening, there is a main lodge to spend some time. the chalet's are spacious, clean and fully equipped with cookware in case you feel like making breakfast in the morning. we toured the cabot trail first and then we stayed at this location. this is a great place to stay after a long hike or drive. i would recommend staying at this chalet after touring the cabot trail. this is my new go-to lodging when staying in cape breton. the chalet was the highlight of our reunion.			read moreread less 
megse
 1/22/2012












  coming back!!! iv e stayed at almost every cottage on cape breton island and the service and welcome i received here surpassed them all. loved it!!!			read moreread less 
james d
 10/24/2011










  doesn't get better than this my daughter and i stayed here for 3 nights and were very impressed with the cottages. everything is top quality and immaculate. they provide you with every convenience. it was lovely to sit right at the waters edge and enjoy the scenery and peace and quiet. there is a small co-op five minutes walk from the cottages where you can get groceries. it is best to think of cooking in as it is hard to find a good place to eat nearby( in my opinion). it took about 1/2 hour to get to baddeck or to mabou which has the red shoe pub( also great). we drove around the cabot trail after leaving keltic quay and didn't see anything that looked better than this. would highly recommend.			read moreread less 
kristienovascotia
 8/19/2011










  beautiful view! we rented a one bedroom cottage for our family on august 8. we are a family of four with two teens. the one bedroom cottages are on the second floor and the two bedrooms on the first floor. all one bedroom cottages have two queen beds in the bedroom and a pull out couch in the living room. the kitchen is completely equipped. the cottages themselves are all situated a few feet from the bras d'or lake and have an incredible view of the lake. the cottages are very clean, and have plenty of space for a family with two children. although we were not able to take advantage of all facilities because it rained during our stay, there are kayaks and paddle boats and a speed boat which can be rented. we took full advantage of the main lodge which has a pool table and other games. overall, it is a really fantastic place. please note that it is not on the cabot trail, and is about a 20 minute drive from baddeck. it is also quite close to the highway and the truck noise is sometimes a bit distracting....however the view from the decks make up for this!			read moreread less 
carsonfamily
 8/15/2011










  great place what a great "base camp" for all things cape breton. this lodge and it's cottages are not on the cabot trail, but as it turned out, that worked out good for us, we were able to see other things that cape breton has to offer. the cottages have a great view of a bay of the lake and were just wonderful. the innkeeper, renie is also great, offered lots of good recommendations and was a joy to talk with. highly recommended! this little village has a great bake shop, farmers daughter and a wonderful diner, charlenes. enjoy whycocomagh!			read moreread less 
nationallparks1
 8/12/2011












  beautiful cabins with a breathtaking view and friendly innkeeper! we stayed at the keltic quay for three nights with our 3 teenage daughters. the cabins were absolutely spotless and had everything we needed. including a washer and dryer. it was very comfortable and relaxing. the owner was very friendly and always available if we had any questions. there was plenty to do. we kayaked, fished, and even had a barbeque out on the front porch and a bonire. there is even a beautiful lodge with games and a fireplace! we would definitely stay here again.			read moreread less 
tripbebe
 10/22/2010










  incredible place, amazing views, well-needed peace & quiet!! i would recommend going here if you really want to get away from it all for a while. it is so peaceful and relaxing. it was fabulous to get away from the noisy city-life in nh. even our dog loved it and is having trouble re-adjusting to living in the city. i usually have trouble sleeping in "strange" beds, but not here! everything was fantastic! i am hoping to go back again next year...and the year after...and the year after...you get the point. we loved it!			read moreread less 
bwittsy
 9/12/2010










  absolutely wonderful accommodations and views! my family reserved an entire cottage, 1 bedoom in upstairs unit, and 2 bedrooms in downstairs unit. we were there from july 30th to august 2nd. the cottages are among the best we have ever stayed in. high quality workmanship is seen throughout, inside and out. keltic quay is in whycocomagh, only feet away from the shores of the bras d'or lakes, and what a spectacular view! you can watch the gulls, the eagles and the terns swoop down to catch the abundant fish in the lake. the sunrises are magestic and calming to observe. the cottages are completely furnished with all you would need for a much longer stay. the 2 bedroom even had a washer/dryer and dishwasher as well as a gas fireplace. on the deck was a high-end bbq, and adarondack chairs. the beds were to die for, we had to ask what type of mattresses they used. the units were clean, clean, clean! renee, the innkeeper, was such a lovely person, and sincerely cared about making sure you were happy and well taken care of. i would highly recommend the keltic quay to anyone!			read moreread less 
simplyunwinding
 8/29/2010










  beautiful place the location is beautiful. the suites are upscale, spot clean and very functional. apparently a popular spot for family reunions. renie the host is speical...you couldn't ask for a more warm, friendly and helpful person. i didn't realize until we got there that there was a dock, kayaks, canoes and a paddle boat available for guests at no additional charge. what a nice surprise. the lake is pretty, and very relaxing. the kids enjoyed the kayak as well as the nightly marsh mellow roasting in front of the fire pit. (just bring lots of heavy duty mosquito spray for that!) we stayed in a 1-bedroom suite. the only reason i didn't give it a 5-star is the noise insulation isn't very good. the 1-bedrooms are on 2nd floor and the 2-bedroom units are on the 1st floor. on our last day there, people moved in the downstairs unit and we could hear them cook, talk, laugh and play cards well past mid-night, then again cook, talk, laugh very early the next morning! still, it's rare to find an upscale lodge on/near the cabot trail. the few other upscale choices will cost you an arm and a leg more. another small inconvience is that the 1-bedroom unit doesn't have a dish washer. i think that is available in the 2-bedroom units. may have made a difference in my decision to book a 2-bedroom unit had i known that. so we ended up eating out most of the time. problem is there isn't any good place to eat nearby, except the diner across the main street. i forget its name but it is very good and you can ask renie if you need to eat there. as far as the location, it's a good stopping point centrally at the intersection of the cabot trail, the bras d'or trail, and the ceilidh trail. but in order to enjoy the cabot trail at a leisurely pace, allowing time for hikes and off trail spots, you need another 1-2 nights somewhere on the west side of the cabot trail in addition to this place.			read moreread less 
limepunch
 8/20/2010












  the perfect get-a-way i cannot say enough about how wonderful this place is - from the accommodations - to the service - to the location - to the value - it has it all!! my fiance and i stayed here in august on the recommendation of my parents (who are regular patrons). these chalets are by far and away the most impressive i have ever stayed in - spotless, extremely well appointed and decorated, and displaying excellent workmanship in their design as well. the innkeeper, renie, was accommodating, friendly, and attentive to any possible concern or need. she creates an atmosphere of totally encompassing hospitality - for which cape breton is famous. on an additional note: my parents stayed here again on august 13, 14 & 15 - a birthday present from their family, and renie assisted with the surprise on their behalf. we are very much looking forward to our next stay in november. :0))			read moreread less 
chronicbon
 8/18/2010










  made our family reunion extra special i don't get to see my brothers and their wonderful families nearly as much as i would like, so when one brother suggested a reunion at keltic quay over the thanksgiving weekend 2008 we all said a resounding yes! keltic quay is a hidden gem!! the location is breathtakingly beautiful, the cottages are top drawer, the lodge is everything you could ever want for this type of gathering, and renie, the caretaker, hostess and lovely lady is wonderful! although this place is near a small village and busy highway you would never know it as soon as you turn into the resort. the drive is paved and the cottages are well built and each one is about 25 feet from the lake. when i stepped outside each morning i was enveloped by peace and tranquil beauty. i actually made a small gasp each time i stepped outside. another reviewer has written about the high end equipment in each cottage and that is true. we made some meals there and my brother had one catered by "farmer's daughter" a market and restaurant just up the road. it was wonderful. we all ate together in the lodge. i can't believe this resort is already three years old, everything is so glisteningly clean!! all weekend we had full use of the lodge as our family had booked both parts of every cottage. the use of kayaks, canoes and paddle botas is at no extra charge. the lodge has a pool table, shuffleboard, books to read, and a huge fireplace, which was lit because of the time of year. wonderful! we had some little ones with us and had brought some board games of our own, but there is a deck of cards and a crib board there. it is a wonderful place and renie is so friendly and willing to make your stay the very best.			read moreread less 
linty54
 10/15/2008










  amazing location and beautiful cabins we stayed at keltic quay for 3 nights in january. the location is amazing right on the lake and all the cabins are equppied to the highest standards. as we were there out of season we were the only guests but were made to feel so welcone by the owner. the cabins are close to the cabot trail which is well worth a drive- although be prepared that in winter most places in nova scotia are closed. however if you want some real unspoilt sceneryr and the chance to get away from it all this is the ideal place.			read moreread less 
mrswomble
 9/25/2007










  great relaxing place spotless and furnished the way you would your home (only maybe better:). we stayed here for three nights (for the price of two through a internet special) and throughly enjoyed our stay. the inn keeper, renie, was most helpful and insisted that we use the laundry facilites at the lodge for free instead of having to go to a commercial laundramat. she also recommended caleighs to attend and restaurants to visit. on our last morning our water heater failed and she opened up another cabin just for our use. in short, a very accomodating innkeeper and a restful place to curl up and read a book.			read moreread less 
hoit
 7/25/2007












  our favourite place on cape breton by far wow… the very best accomodations out of all the high-quality places we stayed on our halifax & cape breton trip. these duplex cottages are spacious and comfortable, with high-end finishings, and are completely stocked with dishes, utensils, and glassware for entertaining down to the last detail – including to our surprise the full-size turkey roaster in the cupboards. one note – keltic quay advertises that it is a “housekeeping” location, which means that essentially there is no daily maid service (their staff cleans before and after every check in/out). however, they invite you to use their laundry machines, etc. whenever you need to and we didn’t find it troublesome at all. the location is convenient, in a hamlet just off the main highway that has easy access to many main centres (baddeck, mabou, port hawkesbury). a perfect base camp during the celtic colours music festival, which is when we were there. in fact, keltic quay actually hosted one of the events in their sumptuous common room. the lakefront setting is tranquil and gorgeous (be sure to catch a sunrise over bras d’or lake). we were compelled to spend quite a bit of time relaxing in the adirondack chairs on the porch, as well as several hours playing pool, darts, shuffleboard, and enjoying a bottle of port by the large fireplace in the common room. we later learned that the owner of keltic quay is a builder and he built the cottages to showcase his product to potential clients. it is definitely top-notch. the innkeeper, renie, was fabulous – friendly, welcoming, helpful, but not intrusive in the least. can’t say enough, she’s the perfect fit to the place. we also had the opportunity to meet some locals who are some of the friendliest people we’ve encountered, and found an amazing bakery down the road (bayside café – closed in the off-season). it’s a great “energy building” stop en route to the gorgeous day hike at whycocomagh provincial park, which is walking distance from keltic quay. the internet rates for keltic quay were a little on the expensive side for us, even with four people sharing, so we were a little bit nervous about whether it would be worth the stretch (it was). at check-out, though, imagine our surprise when renie told us that she’d added their current promotion (at the time) to our bill, which we weren’t expecting – stay three nights for the price of two. this elevated keltic quay from a very nice place to stay to one of the best value-for-money destinations we have ever had the pleasure to stay at. we’d go back in an instant, even at the higher rates.			read moreread less 
desktraveler
 4/08/2007










  wonderful keltic quay well appointed, clean and finished/furnished to a high standard. inkeeper was friendly, accommodating and very helpful. beautiful setting on the bras d'or lakes.			read moreread less 
balfron
 9/18/2006










  a slice of heaven my husband and i have stayed at some very fancy luxury hotels, some more costly than this one, but i think this is our all-time favorite. we took off labor day weekend from a busy college tour (with our teenage son) to stay in cape breton, nova scotia. from past experience we remembered most of the hotels in this area as being rundown and shabby. even the grandest lodges in pristine locations had disappointing rooms. thank goodness that the keltic quay was built last year. we rented a lovely two-bedroom "cottage", right on the shore of the lake (part of bras d'oro lake) in the small town of whycocmaugh, at the base of the cabot trail. it had the finest amenities of any place i have ever stayed in. this was more like a home away from home. our kitchen boasted a complete set for twelve, including beer and wine glasses, a stoneware teapot, non-stick cookware, enough tools to make thanksgiving dinner if i had wanted to. there was even a gas grill on the porch facing the lake where we cooked out first dinner. the beds (one king and two queens) were the most comfortable imaginable (way better than those sleep number beds). the deep bathtub had air-jets and we had our own laundry machine in the bathroom. and the game room, left open every night, was unlike any other. a pool table, shuffleboard, cribbage, darts, chess, all in front of a big fireplace. it was high quality family time here, and more than relaxing. a stay at the keltic quay is healing. and let's not forget the personal management of renie (pronounced rennie) who made our stay even more memorable. clearly this place was designed by folks who not only have great taste, but also generous hearts.			read moreread less 
lspigel
 9/05/2006






load more

read 100+ five star testimonials!





  definitely stay again. we were very pleased to have stayed at keltic quay for celtic colours. 3 friends stayed in the one bedroom 2 bed with sofa bed cottage.  it was such a relaxing and convenient spot after a day exploring.  cottages have everything you need and the balcony was so nice for morning coffee.  would definitely stay again!			read moreread less 
sandra b
 11/19/2024












  an awesome experience an absolutely great experience at keltic quay. our stay was perfect in every way. the suites are cozy, comfortable, clean and are equipped with all the comforts of home. the waterside view is outstanding, overlooking the beautiful bras d'or lakes in the village of wycocomagh, cape breton.
if you're looking to relax and unwind, this is a lovely place to spend some time. in addition the  lodge on the property is perfect if your travelling as a group. a terrific place to host meetings or conventions for a smaller group. 
a stay at keltic quay is quite unforgettable, really!			read moreread less 
on island time
 11/05/2024












  return visit as enjoyable as the first my wife, a friend and i stayed 5 nights at the keltic quay at the start of the 10/24 celtic colours festival. this was our second stay -- this time in a 2-bedroom cottage -- and we again found it an excellent choice for comfort, lakefront scenery and location. cottages are modern, extremely clean and very well furnished with full kitchens. we look forward to our next visit.			read moreread less 
cwmndc
 10/17/2024












  an amazing place to stay! i am so delighted to leave this review. my son and i just came back from staying at the keltic quay, and this was the most amazing place by far to spend our time on cape breton! the owners and staff were so accomandaing. the view was amazing, and the cottage where we stayed was wonderful! also, this is the perfect place to stay as a base camp for viewing the rest of cape breton! we look forward to our next vacation here. thank you!!			read moreread less 
gerard m
 8/30/2024












  we only stayed for one night but it was very peaceful. we will be back and stay at least 2 nights! 😀 - beautiful location and the owners are very friendly! 😞 - none			read moreread less 
derek
 5/23/2024












  exceptional 😀 - we come here fishing every year and love that there is a boat launch on the property and everything inside the cottage that u need 😞 - the only thing was us getting our boats in and out as there was 6 boats staying on the property and only room for 3 ! it would be nice if they could add another piece on the dock or another one on the other side of the of cottages 😀! can’t wait to go back next year !!			read moreread less 
allen
 5/21/2024












  perfect base camp for cabot trail this is a great place to spend a few days to relax during a trip around nova scotia.  we had a full kitchen, living room, porch and bedroom, perfect to unwind.  this was our base for the cabot trail because it is so close.  randy and sheila are so accommodating.  they have a lodge with shuffle board, cribbage, billiards, a fireplace and very inviting leather couches.  super clean space with gorgeous views!			read moreread less 
keith s
 5/01/2024












  it was perfect! 😀 - the facilities in the cottages were exceptional. the kitchen was stocked way better than many airbnb's. the staff was super helpful and very nice. although we didn't use it, the games room looked amazing! 😞 - none			read moreread less 
stephanie
 3/28/2024












  me and my husband loved it 😀 - it was home without any interuptions peace and quiet 😞 - none			read moreread less 
julia
 1/15/2024












  this is my second stay , the first stay was perfect in november. i will give it another try in march 😀 - i couldn’t get heat pump get heat . it was beeping continually. the bed was little too firm and pressure hot tub was very slow. 😞 - none			read moreread less 
jeff
 1/14/2024












  relaxing and fun! 😀 - it was beautiful and well kept. 😞 - none			read moreread less 
kimberly
 1/10/2024












  superb 😀 - love the view, facilities and appearance of property. well maintained! 😞 - the bed could be better , there was a dip in the mattress. i had to move over and thankfully was able get out of dip as i was travelling alone . i plan on staying more at this facility and will see if it’s better when i’m back in jan 2024.			read moreread less 
jeff
 11/13/2023












  exceptional 😀 - we loved everything. it was the perfect spot! 😞 - loved everything.			read moreread less 
carla
 11/05/2023












  would recommend to friends. 😀 - comfortable with a lovely view. 😞 - none			read moreread less 
wendy
 11/02/2023












  superb 😀 - sehr schöne lage am see, sehr ruhig, sehr freundlicher manager 😞 - none			read moreread less 
monika
 10/27/2023












  beautiful place that is surrounded by a beautiful area 😀 - this was a wonderful place to stay and the location could not be beat. they have a common area that is very large and comfortable in addition to the nice cottage 😞 - none			read moreread less 
sharon
 10/09/2023












  exceptional 😀 - for family trip to cabot trail, my family stayed here for 1 night 1st week october. the location is perfect to prepare for the cabot trail, because there is a market nearby; i bought some meat and sausages for bbq, 2 bottles of wine and cheese at the nearby market. the cottage is super clean and convenient, so we relaxed a lot after several hours of driving from lunenburg. in 1 bedroom unit with beautiful balcony view, there are 3 bed (2 beds and 1 sofa bed), so my family (2 adults and 1 kid) had really comfortable night. further, we were impressed by the host's attention to detail (youtube premium, wine glasses, salt, pepper and keurig coffee machine/good coffee in the cottage). 😞 - none			read moreread less 
ye
 10/06/2023












  very very good. 😀 - n/a 😞 - none			read moreread less 
gary
 9/10/2023












  tranquil beauty the photos don't show you how beautiful and peaceful it is here. you're looking out directly at the lake. it is truly a beautiful place to sit and relax on the patio or balcony. there is a fully equipped kitchen with lots of plates, utensils, glasses, etc. they are pet friendly and even have an outdoor dog washing station! the main cabin is gorgeous, it has beautiful leather couches, a shuffleboard game, pool table and a bar area. they have kayaks and paddle boards and a beautiful dock area.			read moreread less 
sheila h
 8/10/2023












  tranquil beauty the photos don't show you how beautiful and peaceful it is here. you're looking out directly at the lake. it is truly a beautiful place to sit and relax on the patio or balcony. there is a fully equipped kitchen with lots of plates, utensils, glasses, etc. they are pet friendly and even have an outdoor dog washing station! the main cabin is gorgeous, it has beautiful leather couches, a shuffleboard game, pool table and a bar area. they have kayaks and paddle boards and a beautiful dock area.			read moreread less 
sheila h
 8/01/2023












  little piece of heaven love the keltic quay for a few days relaxation and to enjoy the beautiful views of our island..we usually do a few days in the summer and then a couple of different times in the winter and have always enjoyed our stays sheila and randy are great and so welcoming to the guests..this stay my daughter and her service dog joined us and loved the accommodations i found it odd however that there is a charge of $30 for the dog as we have stayed in many provinces at different places and just last week in pei and have never been charged a fee for the service dog			read moreread less 
billy v
 7/22/2023
 











  beautiful location and wonderful accommodations what a wonderful hidden gem in cape breton.  all cottages face the lake with a beautiful porch or deck.  we stayed in cottage 1b, a one bedroom 2nd floor unit that was newly renovated.  everything you need is at your fingertips with a full kitchen.  kayaks and paddle boats are available for use. sheila and randy, the managers of the property are so sweet and helpful, we could have easily stayed a week.  and we can’t forget bailey, the resident puppy!  we hope to visit again soon!			read moreread less 
lovetotravel846
 6/04/2023












  great place to stay with wonderful view. great place to stay for a night or a week (as we did) when visiting anywhere in central cape breton.   these are self catering cottages (two bedroom units on ground floor and one bedroom units on second floor both with their own entrances) with everything you need for an enjoyable vacation.  we have stayed there several times and each unit has been very clean, comfortable and well maintained.  the view looking out over the whycocomagh bay is fantastic especially if you get up to see the sunrise.  highly recommend.			read moreread less 
ranald m
 6/01/2023












 			beautiful place to stay......clean.....hosts very accomodating.....
nice & cozy with fireplace! 
a real restful getaway!			read moreread less 
marie therese aucoin
 4/13/2023












 			absolutely amazing place!! thank you randy & sheila so much for hosting us this past weekend. you are a fabulous couple who just couldn’t do enough for our group!!  we can not wait to plan another stay 🙌. thanks again from the glace bay gang feb. 24-26. your beautiful golden baby was just the icing on the cake🐾❤️			read moreread less 
cathy neary
 3/03/2023












  we were sorry to have to leave! we did a three-week traveling tour of the maritime provinces and this was one of our favourite places to stay!  we had a two-bedroom cottage on the water, and it was lovely in every respect.  it was nicely decorated, clean, and had a washer/dryer in the unit which was really appreciated.  the kitchen was well equipped so we bought prepared frozen meals from the farmer's daughter (which were all tasty!) as we needed a break from restaurant food.  it was cool, but we still spent time out on our deck, enjoying an evening drink and morning coffee - savoring the beauty and tranquility.  randy and sheila were really hospitable, and bailey the dog was adorable!  we were sorry to leave.			read moreread less 
iamlindylou
 10/20/2022












  stunning we joined some friends of ours who were vacationing here and were blown away by how amazing the locale is.  nova scotia truly is a beautiful province and these cottages are perfectly positioned to allow visitors to enjoy a once in a lifetime experience.			read moreread less 
denise d
 9/06/2022












 			quiet, neat tidy, stunning water views, friendly!!! had a perfect stay!			read moreread less 
kelly cameron
 6/06/2022












 			love cape breton and your cottages sound fantastic!			read moreread less 
jim mac donald
 4/16/2022












  beautiful view and amazing accomadations  great customer service and everything in room was clean and we loved it. read moreread less 
william
 2/01/2022












  it was perfect.  beautiful chalet style room. there was a sign in our chalet about putting dishes in the dishwasher and starting it as we left. pretty funny because there was no dishwasher.			read moreread less 
ann
 12/06/2021












  exceptional  the place was so nice and located in a beautiful spot. the staff were warm and welcoming. read moreread less 
kim
 12/05/2021












  exceptional  everything you needed to make your stay comfortable was there and no clutter read moreread less 
danielle
 12/02/2021












  very relaxing and enjoyable. we’ll be back.  party room which we had to ourselves for several hours. party room			read moreread less 
ward
 11/22/2021












  a dream setting  loved everything about our stay..!
the property was clean and perfectly placed by the waters edge read moreread less 
terry
 11/09/2021












  hidden gem!!  we absolutely loved our stay! we have stayed several years ago (and totally enjoyed)and we were pleased to see all the new updates..very nice!! there is nothing overlooked by the staff at keltic quay❤we will definitely be back!			read moreread less 
brenda
 10/19/2021












 			great stay! they absolutely thought of everything you need .beautiful view,relaxing and peaceful!keltic quay❤			read moreread less 
brenda young
 10/16/2021












  the perfect spot  a beautiful tranquil spot with fantastic facilities within an easy drive of the cabot trail. see a bald eagle on the eyrie in the grounds, watch a heron feed at night or canoe out onto the lake. the lodge has shuffleboard,  billiards, darts and a range of card and other games and of 
course there is a big fire pit. just wonderful! the air bubble bath was very noisy but i guess that's what they are like!			read moreread less 
megan
 10/11/2021












 			this place is incredibly beautiful. the cottage was above and beyond what we expected. the view from the porch is spectacular. the managers randy and sheila were absolutely wonderful. if you go to nova scotia you must stay in one of the cottages. thank you so much.			read moreread less 
danny driscoll
 9/24/2021












  relaxing no hassle stay we stayed in the one bedroom unit in one of the cottages for 4 nights. our stay was relaxing and hassle free. 
the check in was smooth with a warm welcome from sheila. the unit was very clean, and the kitchen was well stocked with cutlery, cups and plates.
the view from the balcony was outstanding.  we enjoyed paddle boating one afternoon in the lake. the facility is dog friendly and our pug enjoyed his time too. the grounds are well maintained. we did the cabot trail for 2 days and returned in the evening.  we received a gift card for charlene’s restaurant and made good use of it too.
we would definitely recommend this place to our friends. more			read moreread less 
debnath
 9/17/2021












  reservation system=unreliable & awful what a disappointment this place was and we never even got to stay here! i phoned on monday night before closing and spoke to a man named ray (?) who told me that the bras d'or room was available for saturday night and told me how perfect it would be to celebrate our 11 year wedding annivesary. he told us to book that night online to secure it and promised us it would be ours and so we did within 10 minutes of hanging up with him.   two days later i didn't receive a confirmation e-mail so i phoned the front desk who told me she had never received the reservation and that they are now fully booked. this is completely unacceptable and now everything everywhere is booked and we have no where to go to celebrate our anniversary. i am sure it would be a wonderful place to stay, but  management really needs to look into their reservation system to ensure this does not happen to another guest. we are heartbroken.			read moreread less 
allison b
 9/01/2021












  relaxing no hassle stay we stayed in the one bedroom unit in one of the cottages for 4 nights. our stay was relaxing and hassle free.  the check in was smooth with a warm welcome from sheila. the unit was very clean, and the kitchen was well stocked with cutlery, cups and plates. the view from the balcony was outstanding.  we enjoyed paddle boating one afternoon in the lake. the facility is dog friendly and our pug enjoyed his time too. the grounds are well maintained. we did the cabot trail for 2 days and returned in the evening.  we received a gift card for charlene’s restaurant and made good use of it too. we would definitely recommend this place to our friends.			read moreread less 
debnath
 9/01/2021












  warning! you’ll never want to leave! keltic quay is a hidden gem in a sleepy town just minutes from baddeck. 
our two bedroom cottage was absolutely darling, spacious and incredibly clean. 
the view from our cottage was spectacular and we enjoyed spending many hours sitting on our covered deck resting and relaxing. 
when we felt a little urge to do something, we enjoyed the paddle boats and indoor games room that offered a pool table, television and multiple board games. 
our own private bbq was perfect for creating a home cooked meal.
with very obvious pride in ownership, from the second you pull through the gates of this community you know the worst part of visiting keltic quay will be leaving. more			read moreread less 
andreaandmuffs
 8/19/2021












 			an absolutely gorgeous place and the managers, sheila & randy went above and beyond for us. i’m so grateful for such an amazing weekend!!!!!!! i cannot wait to go back again!!!			read moreread less 
melle infinity
 8/15/2021












 			beautiful location and the cottages are great. the managers sheila & randy were absolutely wonderful. i cannot reccomend this place enough. can't wait to go back!			read moreread less 
crystal rombough
 8/15/2021












  warning! you’ll never want to leave! keltic quay is a hidden gem in a sleepy town just minutes from baddeck.  our two bedroom cottage was absolutely darling, spacious and incredibly clean.  the view from our cottage was spectacular and we enjoyed spending many hours sitting on our covered deck resting and relaxing.  when we felt a little urge to do something, we enjoyed the paddle boats and indoor games room that offered a pool table, television and multiple board games.  our own private bbq was perfect for creating a home cooked meal. with very obvious pride in ownership, from the second you pull through the gates of this community you know the worst part of visiting keltic quay will be leaving.			read moreread less 
andreaandmuffs
 8/01/2021
 











  tracy had a great visit here. the hosts were so friendly and helpful. rooms were beautiful and comfortable. we had fun kayaking and paddleboating during the day. enjoyed a bbq and campfire with smores in the evening. highly recommend this resort!			read moreread less 
r47kztracyc
 7/20/2021












  amazing hospitality stayed at the keltic quay with a group of female motorcyclists. we had an absolute blast at keltic quay's beautiful property. enjoyed sitting around the fire, using the amenities room and playing pool, and the company of randy and sheila. they were fantastic hosts and made sure we were comfortable and having a good time throughout our stay. can't recommend keltic quay enough!			read moreread less 
laura_whalen2
 7/15/2021












 			we had the most incredible weekend at keltic quay. the weather was overcast and windy most of the time but the hosts were so exceptional making sure we had everything we could ever want to entertain ourselves, it was one of the best weekends ever! the cottages are absolutely gorgeous equipped with heat pumps to keep it cool and the views are spectacular. you will not find a more beautiful place with top notch hosts in ns. keltic quay is the whole package.			read moreread less 
samantha king
 7/13/2021












 			beautiful , spacious units, very well kept. will definitely come back again			read moreread less 
carol frenette
 7/01/2021












  tracy had a great visit here. the hosts were so friendly and helpful. rooms were beautiful and comfortable. we had fun kayaking and paddleboating during the day. enjoyed a bbq and campfire with smores in the evening. highly recommend this resort!			read moreread less 
tracy c
 7/01/2021












  amazing hospitality stayed at the keltic quay with a group of female motorcyclists. we had an absolute blast at keltic quay's beautiful property. enjoyed sitting around the fire, using the amenities room and playing pool, and the company of randy and sheila. they were fantastic hosts and made sure we were comfortable and having a good time throughout our stay. can't recommend keltic quay enough!			read moreread less 
laura
 7/01/2021
 











 			we loved our stay here, cottages are very clean, staff is super friendly especially renie! hank is absolutely amazing, i will be stopping by to visit him when i'm in the area. we wish them all the best in their upcoming retirement! thanks again for everything, we will be back in the summer!			read moreread less 
dl collins
 3/25/2021












 			they are located in the beautiful area of whycocomagh, surrounded by mountains. the cottages come fully equipped and are very clean. the service there is beyond accommodating. my parents enjoyed their stay.			read moreread less 
danielle gillis-macleod
 1/23/2021












  would love to write a review but not permitted to stay we had stayed at the chalets in the past and found it was lovely except for a very strong sewage smell that prevented us from sitting on our deck during our stay. unfortunately we had a tragic loss of friends who lived close by ( husband and wife who passed in a car accident ). we live in halifax and were denied a place to stay while supporting the grieving family! we were told this was because of a “travel ban due to covid 19”. we were beyond shocked and disappointed in this reasoning as it was certainly not a rule issued by the provincial government. i am a nurse and am very knowledgeable in infection control protocols, if the staff at this facility are doing what they say on the website there would be zero chance of any covid 19 risk. you can not imagine the stress this caused us during an unbelievably painful and sad time in our family’s life. the folks who lost their lives were well loved in the community and had previously supported this business. luckily we were able to find other accommodations, but i do promise we will never book here again!			read moreread less 
gina m
 1/16/2021












 			how beautiful the grounds are, how kind renie the hostess is and the mind blowing views. we will definitely be back soon. hank the doggie is also really cute 🙂			read moreread less 
jessica macintyre
 1/05/2021












 			a home away from home, with a spectacular view. highly recommend this place. and renie, a genuinly wonderful hostess, looking forward to coming back.			read moreread less 
elizabeth macdønald
 11/08/2020












 			awesome experience! would do it again and again!			read moreread less 
john campbell
 11/04/2020












  beautiful relaxing 3 day stacation keltic quay is located on the beautiful bras d’ or lakes in whycocomagh. great base for your cape breton stay. a lovely gated entrance with a pond and fountain. the grounds are immaculate and very well maintained. we were looking to decompress and just relax from work and that is exactly what we did and achieved. what a beautiful spot. the cottages are right on the water and there are kayaks, canoes and a paddle boat available to use as you like at no charge. there is a lodge there with game tables and a beautiful fire place  however due to covid it was not open.   we stayed in the bras d’ or suite. it was a one bedroom cottage on the top floor with a queen size bed. full kitchen with everything you need. there was a bbq on the deck which we did not use. the deck was so nice to sit out and the view was outstanding. we spent our last night at the fire pit with a great fire and met a very nice family from our area. we brought our 4 month old puppy which was great to know they are pet friendly. they have a great lab hank that lives on the property. he loves the water and will fetch a stick thrown into the water. great dog.   we did two day trips which one to baddeck and one to inverness beach both being... keltic quay is located on the beautiful bras d’ or lakes in whycocomagh. great base for your cape breton stay. a lovely gated entrance with a pond and fountain. the grounds are immaculate and very well maintained. we were looking to decompress and just relax from work and that is exactly what we did and achieved. what a beautiful spot. the cottages are right on the water and there are kayaks, canoes and a paddle boat available to use as you like at no charge. there is a lodge there with game tables and a beautiful fire place  however due to covid it was not open. 

we stayed in the bras d’ or suite. it was a one bedroom cottage on the top floor with a queen size bed. full kitchen with everything you need. there was a bbq on the deck which we did not use. the deck was so nice to sit out and the view was outstanding. we spent our last night at the fire pit with a great fire and met a very nice family from our area. we brought our 4 month old puppy which was great to know they are pet friendly. they have a great lab hank that lives on the property. he loves the water and will fetch a stick thrown into the water. great dog. 

we did two day trips which one to baddeck and one to inverness beach both being only about a 25-30 minute drive. there is a co op in the area for groceries etc. a guardian drug store and a farmers market that you can get baked goods, the best hot dog ever, meaning the bun was amazing. they had a lot on their menu for take out. they had a store there as well. great as it’s just a quick drive from the cottage.

renie who manages and lives on property was great! extremely accommodating for anything you need.  very helpful with recommendations, places to eat, see and go. thanks renie you really completed our stay.  i would highly recommend keltic quay for your stay in cape breton. we will be back for sure! the hidden gem in cape breton! more			read moreread less 
2travellingstones
 8/27/2020












 			so far so good!!! i am loving my view🥰🥰🥰			read moreread less 
susan kelly
 8/08/2020












 			we stayed here for four nights. the cottage was very clean, modern and really well stocked. the manager is very friendly and her dog hank is beautiful and so well behaved. we don’t have pets and i thought he brought some extra charm to the place!  we made a variety of meals here and the kitchen had everything we needed. the views are what made our stay special, really spectacular even at night. it’s a really pet friendly place which made us nervous since one of us has pet allergies, but with no carpeting in the cottage and it being so clean this wasn’t an issue. we did use the complimentary canoes and kayaks which were great. overall, it was a great stay!			read moreread less 
tracy shebib
 8/05/2020












  highly recommend we stayed here for four nights since they offered a discount for staying an extra night which was great. the cottages were very clean, modern and very well stocked. we did a fair amount of cooking and they had everything we needed to prepare meals. they are very pet friendly which made us nervous because one of us has pet allergies but with no carpeting in the cottage and it being so clean this wasn’t an issue. the manager is so approachable and friendly. the spectacular views are what made the stay special for me. we also used their complimentary canoes and kayaks.			read moreread less 
tgw375
 8/05/2020












  beautiful relaxing 3 day stacation keltic quay is located on the beautiful bras d’ or lakes in whycocomagh. great base for your cape breton stay. a lovely gated entrance with a pond and fountain. the grounds are immaculate and very well maintained. we were looking to decompress and just relax from work and that is exactly what we did and achieved. what a beautiful spot. the cottages are right on the water and there are kayaks, canoes and a paddle boat available to use as you like at no charge. there is a lodge there with game tables and a beautiful fire place  however due to covid it was not open.   we stayed in the bras d’ or suite. it was a one bedroom cottage on the top floor with a queen size bed. full kitchen with everything you need. there was a bbq on the deck which we did not use. the deck was so nice to  sit out and the view was outstanding. we spent our last night at the fire pit with a great fire and met a very nice family from our area. we brought our 4 month old puppy which was great to know they are pet friendly. they have a great lab hank that lives on the property. he loves the water and will fetch a stick thrown into the water. great dog.   we did two day trips which one to baddeck and one to inverness beach both being only about a 25-30 minute drive. there is a co op in the area for groceries etc. a guardian drug store and a farmers market that you can get baked goods, the best hot dog ever, meaning the bun was amazing. they had a lot on their menu for take out. they had a store there as well. great as it’s just a quick drive from the cottage.  renie who manages and lives on property was great! extremely accommodating for anything you need.  very helpful with recommendations, places to eat, see and go. thanks renie you really completed our stay.  i would highly recommend keltic quay for your stay in cape breton. we will be back for sure! the hidden gem in cape breton!			read moreread less 
2travellingstones
 8/01/2020
 











  highly recommend we stayed here for four nights since they offered a discount for staying an extra night which was great. the cottages were very clean, modern and very well stocked. we did a fair amount of cooking and they had everything we needed to prepare meals. they are very pet friendly which made us nervous because one of us has pet allergies but with no carpeting in the cottage and it being so clean this wasn’t an issue. the manager is so approachable and friendly. the spectacular views are what made the stay special for me. we also used their complimentary canoes and kayaks.			read moreread less 
tgw375
 8/01/2020












 			the most tranquil place we have ever stayed, so romantic, a stay is an absolute must. the owner renee was extremely friendly and obviously takes pride in her cottages and property because they were beautifully kept. we are already making plans to stay again this summer. and you'll love their greeter hank, he is awesome !!!			read moreread less 
darlene gallant macdonald
 7/12/2020












 			beautiful location and cottages. extremely clean, stocked with useful amenities and beautiful views. we stayed as a group 20, renee was so welcoming and went out of her way to ensure we had a great stay. 

would recommend to all! we will be back next year.

adorable hank is such a treat to have around!			read moreread less 
paula murphy
 7/12/2020












  birthday weekend i recently took my daughter, puppy and friends to keltic quay for our birthday weekend and felt very comfortable with the cleanliness and sanitation, having a gorgeous view, pristine surroundings made this trip so worthwhile. renie and hank were so friendly and welcoming. i highly recommend making this central spot a vacation highlight for families or couples.			read moreread less 
h3687ioloris
 7/06/2020












  birthday weekend i recently took my daughter, puppy and friends to keltic quay for our birthday weekend and felt very comfortable with the cleanliness and sanitation, having a gorgeous view, pristine surroundings made this trip so worthwhile. renie and hank were so friendly and welcoming. i highly recommend making this central spot a vacation highlight for families or couples.			read moreread less 
lori s
 7/01/2020
 











  exceptional  the room was beautiful and clean. awesome view and everything you could ever want... full kitchen living room service was awesome. will definitely come back. read moreread less 
blair
 2/24/2020












  perfection!  everything!  it's why we return each year. it's perfect!  generously outfittted with any thing we needed.... dishes, blankets, extra pillows.  super clean and comfortable.			read moreread less 
earl
 2/24/2020












 			it's awesome location. i used to make hay there with my dad 50 years ago. wow, where did the time go!			read moreread less 
john austin
 2/02/2020












 			love the dog so much 
such a beautiful spot			read moreread less 
dee phillips
 1/09/2020












 			we stayed here whilst we built our cottage. clean, comfy and relaxing. my dogs loved it there too. renee and hank are the best! highly recommend.			read moreread less 
bernadette scott
 11/15/2019












  cosy stay recommended on a blog and was a little hard to find, but well worth the effort. 
a picturesque setting overlooking the water with well appointed rooms and facilities. 
would be great to come back to in the summer and might just plan that the next time.  more			read moreread less 
expedition285420
 11/08/2019












  cosy stay recommended on a blog and was a little hard to find, but well worth the effort.  a picturesque setting overlooking the water with well appointed rooms and facilities.  would be great to come back to in the summer and might just plan that the next time.			read moreread less 
expedition285420
 11/01/2019







0mins from cabot trail0mins to baddeck0mins to inverness beach0mins from the nfld ferry0mins from halifax airportwe are close to all major cape breton attractionswe are close to all major cape breton attractions0mins from cabot trail0mins to baddeck0mins to inverness beach0mins from the nfld ferry0mins from halifax airport
a journey of a thousand miles begins with one step
book your stay today!1 (877) 350-1122make a reservation online



 
 
contact information90 main street
whycocomagh, ns
b0e 3m0
phone: 1-877-350-1122
email: info@kelticquay.com
reception hours8:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
check in / check out3:00pm /10:30am
newslettersign up here to receive promotions and seasonal news for keltic quay cape breton cottages!
e-newsletter signup
all rights reserved | © 2003 – 2024 | web design & internet marketing by highland multimedians tourism accommodation registration: rya-2023-24-03011452572382363-90



 




 
 
page load link
































































































go to top




