




the victorious christian network - christian articles, books, bible studies and sermons
















































   
home
| 
about
| 
prayer
| 
pastor search
| 
publications

| 
books
| 
church book
| 
media
| 
donate
| 
search
|

use
|

contact us






  
































 




monday february 17, 2025























































why should christians attend church?
by dale a. robbins


for believers, there is no substitute for attending church. besides something that pleases god, it is necessary for a believer's spiritual well-being. for shut-ins or invalids who aren't able to go to church, the ministries on radio or tv might be the only kind of fellowship or spiritual nourishment that they get. god certainly understands the circumstances of these people, and recognizes the sincerity of their hearts. however, it is a different matter for those who could attend church but are too lazy, or put other things such as entertainment and amusements before god, or who harbor bitterness or indifference toward other believers.

going to church is a visible, tangible expression of our love and worship toward god. it is where we can gather with other believers to publicly bear witness of our faith and trust in god, something that is required of all christians... read more >>










169 articles viewed 1.2 million times in the last 12 mos













about sex and marriage

prayer saved our lives in a twister



all things work together for good

prayer is the key



antidote for fear

praying when your back is against the wall



are miracles possible today?

principles of great faith



authority: what christians should know

revival broke out in our church



avoiding hurts and offenses in the church

satan's secret weapon: unforgiveness!



before you quit your church

son dying of aids finds jesus



bible reference guide

sowing and reaping seeds of discord



breaking spiritual strongholds

spiritual gifts: their origin & purpose



can bad things happen to people who pray?

survival in a deadly earthquake



can god answer prayer for financial needs?

the benefits of prayer with fasting



can there be unity between churches?

the chastening of the lord



check your attitude

the gospel: a matter of life or death



christ's tomb is still empty!

the ministry of friendliness



complaining only makes things worse

the power of praise and worship



dealing with trespasses

the power of praying together



death comes when you least expect it

the reason for the christmas season



defeating your adversary, the devil

the steps of a good man



developing a more passionate prayer life

the tithe belongs to the lord



discipline your kids!

the victorious christian life



do you have warped spiritual values?

things may be better than you think



do you have a critical spirit?

ways to help your church



don't go to hell

ways to encourage your pastor



drug abuse and the christian

what does it mean to be a christian?



first steps for new christians

what good does prayer do?



freedom from the bondage to offenses

what was your name again?



guidance toward godly choices

what is effectual fervent prayer?



how to receive healing from god

what is intercessory prayer?



how to become a christian

what is meant by traditional values?



how to find a good church

what is spiritual warfare?



how to get along with people

what is the new age movement?



how to get answers to prayer

what is the prayer of agreement?



how to pray in god's will

what's wrong with gossip?



how to resist the devil

when sin persists in the church



in god we trust

when your church is without a pastor



is your tongue out of control?

why christians need fellowship



it's a wonderful life
why should christians attend church?



life-style danger!

why should we pray in secret?



my father's watch

why so many bible translations?



my mother's love

why some prayers go unanswered



never the same again

why is prayer necessary?



prayer changed america's history!








what people ask about the church - index

can real miracles and wonders occur today?
do signs and wonders validate man of god?
does size matter to a church's success?
how believers should handle disputes and offenses
how can i help the spiritual climate of my church?
how can i recognize a genuine man of god?
how can i select a good church?
how come a pastor only has to work one day?
how did jesus' disciples become called christians?
how do i decide to change churches?
how to avoid getting hurt in a church
is it necessary to be a church member?
is it true that some churches handle snakes?
should ministers receive pay for their ministry?
what are deacons?
what are elders, bishops and pastors?
what can i do to be a help to my church?
what does it mean to call for the church elders?
what if i'm not getting fed by my church?
what is a charismatic church?
what is a dysfunctional church?
what is a fundamentalist christian?
what is a liturgical church?
what is a pentecostal church?
what is an ecumenical church?
what is an evangelical church?
what is church government?
what is it like to be a pastor of a church?
what is meant by "traditional values?"
what is meant by the church fathers?
what is the church?
what is the mission of the church?
what things contribute to church stability?
what's a church"s most important doctrine?
what's difference between a church and a cult?
what's most important about a church?
what's most requirements of church workers?


church technology
church sound mixing
church sound system operation
using microphones for ministry
using the internet for ministry




what's the church's greatest challenges?
what's the difference, protestants and catholics?
what's the qualifications of a minister?
why are churches associated with cannibalism?
why are churches considered nonprofit orgs?
why are ministers called "reverend?"
why are most services based around preaching?
why are preachers after everybody's money?
why are so many dishonest church leaders?
why are some ministers called "parsons?"
why are there different views about spiritual gifts?
why are there so many hypocrites in the church?
why do churches baptize people?
why do churches emphasize church growth?
why do churches have constitution and by-laws?
why do churches have different ways of worship?
why do churches hold revivals?
why do churches practice the lord's supper?
why do churches require premarital counseling?
why do churches stress authority?
why do churches teach people to give tithes?
why do churches teach spiritual accountability?
why do churches use offering envelopes?
why do churches use the bible for teachings?
why do many churches oppose halloween
why do most christian churches meet on sunday?
why do so many churches have splits?
why do some churches forbid women preachers?
why do some churches speak in tongues?
why do some churches turn persons over to satan?
why do some churches wash one another's feet?
why is a church called a "house of prayer?"
why is christmas controversial in some churches?
why is easter controversial in some churches?
why is it hard to find a perfect church?
why should christians go to church?
why so many different churches?
why so many translations of the bible?

permission to use/copy

permission form

other contact form

archived media ministry
radio & tv shows


































what people ask about the church
by dr. dale a. robbins






		more books and resources...
from victorious publications




read this complete book online! answers to seventy-five of the most
		intriguing or controversial questions about the modern and historical
		church, plus a glossary of common church terms. a
		tremendous resource for laymen and ministers. paperback 212 pages.

		click to read the contents of the 1st edition, or go here to purchase the new 2nd edition.
		
























© copyright
2025 the victorious network


















