


green devil® absinthe kits - buy absinthe alcohol online


























































:: what is absinthe alcohol
:: absinthe history
:: absinthe in the news
:: absinthe recipes
:: absinthe and art
:: famous absinthe drinkers
:: legal history
:: absinthe in modern times
:: legends about absinthe
:: absinthe the dark side
:: absinthe in the usa
:: distillation vs filtration
:: green devil in the press
:: mansinthe
:: customer submitted photos
:: affiliate program
:: wholesale

online support








 














green devil absinthe alcohol kits featured in












 

 

history of absinthe alcohol
absinthe alcohol was invented in 1797 by dr. pierre ordinaire. by the 1800's it quickly became one of europe's most popular alcoholic drinks. france led the way and it was referred to as la fée verte (the green fairy). authors and artists such as van gogh were proponents for using the alcohol to induce creativity and its popularity soared. it is an emerald green alcoholic drink that contains a reportedly psychoactive chemical derived from the herb absinthin (wormwood). it is very bitter (due to the presence of absinthin) and is therefore traditionally poured over a perforated spoonful of sugar into a glass of water. the drink then turns into an opaque white as the essential oils precipitate out of the alcoholic solution.
at the turn of the century prohibition swept across europe, people made claims that chronic use of absinthe alcohol was believed to produce a syndrome, called absinthism, which was characterized by addiction, hyper excitability, and hallucinations. this combined with pressure from wine makers ended the traditional production of this fabled alcoholic drink.
today absinthe is legal again in many countries in europe but is not the same due to restrictions placed on wormwood content. in the us it is not considered a drug but is restricted by laws regarding wormwood placed by the fda. nonetheless it is a fascinating beverage and has a rich history of art, class and mystique. so please have a look around at our fine kits of absinthe accessories and supplies.

 



























 
our deluxe kit is for those looking for everything you need on one complete kit. you cant go wrong with this setup. you get the following items in the kit, along with detailed instructions on absinthe preparation and consumption.
 


 


two classic absinthe spoons
two engraved hand blown absinthe glasses
one 1000 ml absinthe bottle with swing top
one packet herbal absinthe blend, including one oz of wormwood (makes 2 liters)
one packet of traditional herbal absinthe flavoring, including citron, melissa and mint (flavors 2 liters)
two unbleached 100% cotton muslin bags, with a drawstring perfect forinfusing herbs
one poster
an informational pamphlet on absinthe recipes and rituals


 


 


only $54.95
 

 






 
the standard kit is a great starter kit to try out.
 


 


one classic absinthe spoon
one engraved hand blown absinthe glass
two bottle labels one packet herbal absinthe blend, including one oz of wormwood (makes 2 liters)
one packet of traditional herbal absinthe flavoring, including citron, melissa and mint (flavors 2 liters)
two unbleached 100% cotton muslin bags, with a drawstring perfect for infusing herbs
an informational pamphlet on absinthe recipes and rituals


 


 


 
only $34.95
       

 






 
the refill kit allows you to useyour existing kit over again.
 


 


one packet herbal absinthe blend, including one oz of wormwood (makes 2 liters)
one packet of traditional herbal absinthe flavoring, including citron, melissa and mint (flavors 2 liters)

														two unbleached 100% cotton muslin bags, with a drawstring perfect for infusing herbs

														one set of bottle labels

														an informational pamphlet on absinthe recipes and rituals


 


 


 
only $14.95
        


 








 


















