






falcon meadow rv campground | falcon, co pikes peak camping




































 (719) 495-2694
  [browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address]
  book now!



















home


rates


site map


travel directions


area attractions


book now!

































































































								welcome to falcon meadow rv campground
							









								welcome to the pikes peak area, from jim, dee and david ozburn, owners of falcon meadow rv campground. the family started this campground in 1959 and have been happy campers ever since. our 72 site campground is at 6,800 feet altitude, looking across the 20,000 acre banning-lewis ranch with america’s peak, pikes peak (14,110 feet altitude) in the background.

we are a small rural family campground on the high plains of colorful colorado that is open all year. our roads are gravel and our meadow is buffalo grass and dandelions with some yuccas and a few trees. we are a quiet, simple campground with big sites (rv and tent) and more big sights (pikes peak and the front range) of colorado.

falcon meadow rv campground is located on us hwy 24 about 15 miles east of downtown colorado springs and about a mile west of falcon town center. we have convenient access to all of eastern colorado springs, black forest, falcon and points east. we are about 60 miles west of limon, colorado.

we have big, full hook-up pull thrus for the big rigs (20-30-50amp) and tent sites large enough to spread out. we have a great convenience food store. our wi-fi wireless internet is free! we sell gasoline, propane (bottles and for motorhomes), ice and wood. our restrooms, showers and laundry are open 24/7. we have a handicap accessible restroom & shower unit. the recreation room has a cable tv for your viewing, and your tv antennae should pick up over a dozen channels. we have a play area and plenty of room to walk your well behaved dog. the central fire pit is for all to enjoy.
							
on site amenities

								pull through sites
								slide out sites
								internet / wi-fi
								restrooms
								showers
								dump station
								lp for rvs
								lp for portables
								firewood
								laundry
								playground
								basketball
								hiking / biking trails
								open all year

							




2025 daily rates

rates based on one person at the site *
basic tent site: $30.00 (maximum two week stay)
tent site with electric: $34.00 (maximum two week stay)
50 amp water-electric site: $45.00
30 amp full hook up site: $46.00
50 amp full hook up site: $50.00
* for each additional person at site add $3.00 per person per day.
5.13% tax on all sites, not included in rates above.
please contact us for extended stays, as availability for these sites is extremely limited.
one camping unit per site and two vehicles per site maximum.
							

book now!
 
							

						​









site map

click to view map as pdf.


travel directions
please use the interactive map to find your directions to falcon meadow rv campground.


area attractions
click links below for more information and reservation details.







garden of the gods
garden of the gods park is a registered national natural landmark featuring dramatic views. come admire the 300′ sandstone rock formations against the backdrop of snow-capped pikes peak and brilliant blue skies. the garden of the gods park & the garden of the gods visitor and nature center are both free and open to the public.








pikes peak highway
the safe and scenic pikes peak highway provides you the opportunity to enjoy 19 miles of mountain terrain, with frequent breathtaking views, four different colorado life zones and unique animal sightings. from the summit’s various viewing areas, snap photos of pikes peak’s incredible scenery. pikes peak is one of colorado’s majestic 14’ers and is one of the few places so grand in scale that are also accessible to be experienced first-hand by people of all ages and abilities.








pikes peak cog railway
pikes peak, known as america’s mountain, is the star attraction, but the journey along the way is full of show-stopping moments. you will never forget this 3.5 hour round trip journey and your first glimpse of the summit. the cog railway sells out a couple of weeks in advance during the busy months so be sure to book your ride early.








cave of the winds mountain park
when you visit cave of the winds mountain park, you’ll discover adventure above and below ground! first, choose a cave tour, then add the pioneer package for above-ground fun. the guided cave tours lead you deep within the heart of the manitou grand caverns. hidden inside the mountain, you’ll find ancient rock formations, stalactites, a bit of history and unfortgettable adventure. 








north pole-santa’s workshop
visit nearby north pole-santa’s workshop, an enchanting vintage amusement park nestled at the foot of pikes peak in colorado springs, colorado. home to santa’s village and the jolly man himself – the spirit of christmas lives on all year long at the north pole. at 7,500 feet above sea level, the north pole sits at the foot of pikes peak and offers crisp mountain air and panoramic views of colorado springs and the pikes peak region.








manitou incline hike
the manitou incline has been hailed as the holy grail of cardio for locals and athletes, alike. the once railroad track now consists of approximately 2,744 steps made entirely of railroad ties. although it’s only one mile in length, the ascension averages a 41% incline (68% at its highest) and a 2,000 foot climb in elevation! needless to say, this hike isn’t for the faint of heart or heights. the manitou incline is considered one of the highest sets of stairs in the world! this trail is rated extreme. 








the broadmoor seven falls
behind you the prairies extend for hundreds of dry miles to the east. ahead, the foothills rise abruptly, divided by winding streams that have carved out verdant valleys. enter south cheyenne canyon and you find yourself immersed in colorado's famous natural beauty at seven falls.








cheyenne mountain zoo
cheyenne mountain zoo is about sharing the wonders of the natural world with kids of all ages and providing memories for a lifetime at america’s mountain zoo. named #5 best zoo in north america by usa today 10 best readers' choice awards, you’re in for way more than just watching.








flying w ranch
for over 70 years, the flying w ranch has been the home of the only chuckwagon supper show in colorado springs. featuring a rousing western stage show and a classic american chuckwagon meal, the chuckwagon supper and original western stage show at the flying w ranch are guaranteed to please audiences of all ages. come for supper, stay for the show, and create memories of a lifetime at the flying w ranch. 








u.s. olympic & paralympic museum
experience the immersive journey of america’s greatest athletes at the u.s. olympic & paralympic museum. with interactive exhibits, innovative displays and a vast artifact collection, this 60,000-square-foot attraction embodies the olympic values of excellence, friendship, and respect, as well as the paralympic values of determination, equality, inspiration, and courage. discover legends, inspire tomorrow’s heroes, and be part of a life-changing experience that educates and empowers generations to come.








space foundation discovery center
space foundation discovery center is the region’s first and only dedicated space, science and technology center and museum. it is an interactive, education-focused destination that advances science, technology, engineering, art and mathematics (steam) in the exciting context of space exploration, development and utilization.








paint mines interpretive park
the paint mines are named for their colorful clays that were collected by american indians to make paint. brightly colored bands, caused by oxidized iron compounds, are found in varying amounts throughout the many different layers of clay. the paint mines have evidence of human life as far back as 9,000 years ago. the park features fantastic geological formations including spires and hoodoos that form through erosive action that creates incised gullies and exposed layers of selenite clay and jasper. the park includes a restroom facility, four miles of trails, interpretive signage, and many natural wonders.
			

















falcon meadow rv campground
11150 hwy 24, falcon co 80831
(719) 495-2694
[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address]

privacy policy
accessibility statement



weather info for falcon








©  falcon meadow rv campground. all rights reserved.


















