










supporting smokers to stop smoking | help giving up smoking | quit














































e-mail us!








 




 





home
stop smoking products
lets quit

your quit plan
lung health
questions & answers
we’ve quit
quit guides


youth services

quits youth services
quit school resource
youth advisory board
smoke free family life
youth projects update


employee support
health professionals

services
quit training


news

latest from quit
quit events
press office
youth services blog


about quit

our mission
contact quit
supporters
trustees
internships


 














what we’re tweeting 

tweets by @quitsaves_lives





what you’re saying 

“since quitting i don’t smell of cigarette smoke any more, my children are happy and i feel so much healthier”

sue dargan, greater manchester










featured
news & press





who are quit?
quit is the uk charity that helps smokers to stop and young people to never start. we have a diverse range of services including helplines and community programmes in 8 different languages. quit offers flexible expertise to individuals, health professionals, teachers and corporates.


please support quit
please support quit’s vital work that helps smokers to stop and children to never start smoking


quit events

















quitlets quit
youth services
employee support
health professionals
news
about quit
sitemap
 

links 
action on smoking & health
cancer research uk
go smoke free
national training centre for smoking cessation


 

disclaimer quit endeavours to ensure the content of this website is accurate and up to date but does not accept any liability for error or omission. quit is not a medical organisation and provides information rather than advice. quit does not accept liability for any inconvenience, loss or damage arising from the use or inability to use any of the information on this website. quit takes no responsibility for the content of external websites and any such links should not be taken as an endorsement of any kind.
quit is a company limited by guarantee registered in england and wales. co. reg. no. 2886660, registered charity no. 1042482

 







						quit © 2017	 
					











































