
















social work | school of social and political science









skip to main content








 logoimage/svg+xml 

school of social and political science





search






search
















 button








search




home


study




toggle dropdown



undergraduate degree programmes


postgraduate taught programmes


postgraduate research programmes


scholarships


meet us


student stories


prospective students




research




toggle dropdown



research projects


collaborations


postdoctoral research


academic visitors


our research centres


our research ethics


 research explorer


inaugural lectures




students




toggle dropdown



undergraduate


postgraduate


development hub




subject areas


about us




toggle dropdown



message from the head of school


news & events


people


centres


contact


staff resources





















social work






you are here


home


subject areas


                      social work
                  







highlighted content






providing education for social workers since 1918
one of the oldest social work departments in the uk, social work at the university of edinburgh has been ranked the uk's number one for the third year in a row in the complete university guide 2021 league table.
we have been providing education for social workers since 1918, with graduates working throughout the world to make a real difference in the communities in which they live. in recognition of this, we created a centenary website with lots of resources and profiles - do have a look to find out what we have been doing over the last 100 years!





media

















social work




more...




 
about
we work with local and international partners on all our teaching programmes to make sure that our teaching reflects our commitment to social work values, ethics and social justice.






 
programmes
we provide a range of educational opportunities for both intending and qualified social workers, at both undergraduate and postgraduate level (bsc, msw, msc by research, pg certificate and phd).







 
research
through our wide-ranging portfolio of research and knowledge exchange activities, we seek to impact on both the social work policy and practice communities, locally and internationally.






 
people
find out more about our team of academics, phd students and professional services colleagues.






 
news
see the latest news updates from social work.






 
contact
we are based in the chrystal macmillan building on george square at the heart of the central campus.







 
you might be interested in our anniversary
100 years of social work: what began as the edinburgh school of social study and training went on to take a pre-eminent part in the creation of social welfare policy and practice and social work education in scotland, the uk and around the world














latest news



view all...





news content




 
sps researchers involved in a new podcast on domestic abuse advocacy service 

school of social and political science (sps) researchers are involved in a new podcast marking the anniversary of a glasgow service that has helped thousands of domestic abuse victims over the past 20 years. 

                30/10/2024
            







 
experts back bairns hoose to better protect child victims in new report

the north strathclyde bairns hoose, an innovative approach to supporting children and families affected by violence and abuse, has been welcomed by an independent report by social work researchers.

                17/09/2024
            







 
bairns hoose project involving sps academics provides life-changing support to over 270 child victims and witnesses and their families in its first year 

in total 169 children and 109 members of their family have received life-changing support from the internationally renowned bairns hoose since it opened a year ago. a team of social work researchers from the university of edinburgh's school of social and political science (sps) is among partners working on the project. 

                29/08/2024
            







 
women who have had children removed from their care are 14 times more likely to die prematurely, a new study involving an sps academic finds

the high number of premature deaths among women who have experienced the repeat removal of children from their care has been investigated in a recent a study involving school of social and political (sps) academic professor john devaney.

                17/07/2024
            















upcoming events



view all...





events content












    26 february 2025
    







    12:00  - 13:30 


social work 
focus on family estrangement: a policy predicament

family estrangement refers to the breakdown of familial relationships to the point of emotional or physical separation. family relationships are often assumed to be life-long but emerging research is beginning to qualify that such relationships may have the same vulnerabilities to breakdown as romantic partners, colleagues or friends.














    14 may 2025
    







    09:00  - 17:00 


social work 
social work writing retreat 2025

join us for a day of inspiration and productivity as we gather at the edinburgh futures institute, the university of edinburgh on wed may 14 2025 at 09:00 am.














    11 june 2025
    







    09:00  - 17:00 


social work 
social work staff-student research conference 2025

join us for the annual research conference for social work students, staff and external colleagues at the university of edinburgh on the 11th june.















full address
find us

            school of social and political science
            university of edinburgh
            chrystal macmillan building
            15a george square
            edinburgh eh8 9ld





 view on map



contact details
contact us

tel: +44 (0)131 651 3060
email: sps.reception@ed.ac.uk

connect with us







follow us on twitter







find us on facebook







follow us on youtube







follow us on instagram






subject areas



subject area content



centre of african studies


politics and international relations (pir)


science, technology and innovation studies


social anthropology


social policy


social work


sociology





useful links

cms login
myed
schools & departments
the university of edinburgh
college of arts, humanities and social sciences






          the university of edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in scotland, with registration number sc005336, vat registration number gb 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the uk authorities as a “recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          unless explicitly stated otherwise, all material is copyright © the university of edinburgh 2025.
        


 terms and conditions 
 privacy and cookies 
 website accessibility 
 freedom of information publication scheme 










































































































 







