loblaw companies ltd. | live life well®aboutwho we arewhat we docovid-19careerslife at loblawworking with usfind jobs(open in a new tab)newsour storiesreleases and statementsreal talk - tariffsreal talk - let’s talk about the price you pay for meatinvestorsoverviewfinancial reportsevents and presentationsstock informationresponsibilityour purposeenvironmentclimate action and carbon footprintfood wasteplastics and product sustainabilitybiodiversitysocialdiversity, equity and inclusion community investmentcolleaguesgovernancehuman rightssupply chain accountabilityresponsible sourcinggovernance approachreports & data2023 esg report(open in a new tab)suppliersfrjoin our team! we're now hiring for a variety of roles in stores and distribution centres across the country.find jobs(open in a new tab)helping canadians live life well®we provide the building blocks to help canadians create the best life, and future that they can.what we dothe latesta passion for customers sits at the heart of our organization, and supports our commitment to help canadians live their life well. nneka’s mission for equity in pharmacy nneka ezurike always wanted to work in healthcare, but she never thought that would look quite like her current career.  highlights from the shoppers foundation for women’s health 2024 impact report   last week, shoppers foundation for women’s healthtm (the “foundation”) released its second annual impact report, highlighting the work they are doing to improve access to care, increase awareness of women’s unique health needs and support critical women’s health research and innovation.   stephanie's journey: how setting goals propelled her career at loblaw  

new year, new goals! stephanie moreira, district manager, knows a thing or two about achieving career aspirations. over her 20 years at loblaw, she's held a variety of roles, starting as a cashier at the forest hill market in 2004 and now overseeing a whole district of your independent grocer and valu-mart stores. it's been an incredible journey fueled by her commitment to setting and achieving meaningful goals. your grocery budget bestie helping to reduce food waste    we’re always looking for ways to save a little more, especially after the holidays. last year, our customers across canada saved more than $50 million by shopping with the flashfood app.  view more storiesgrow with uswith full-time and part-time career opportunities across our stores, supply chain, distribution centres and corporate office, there's room for you to succeed and grow. careers at loblawserving canadians for more than 100 yearstoday, we have more than 2,400 stores. most are run by independent owners, right in your communities.who we areour brandsfoodwhether it's in-store or online, our grocery stores offer a variety of shopping experiences from coast-to-coast. in all our stores, our colleagues share a passion for food and great customer service.(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)show allhealth and wellnesswe make health and wellness accessible. our team of more than 5,000 professionals includes pharmacists, dietitians, opticians and more. our software solutions, like electronic medical records, connect health providers with patients and each other.(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)show allfashion and beautywe make self-expression achievable. with affordable fashion and the best in beauty, we bring modern style to life.(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)show allpayments and rewardswe make everyday transactions more rewarding. how? with our no annual fee credit card, a no-monthly fee banking product and a personalized loyalty program.(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)show allhave general questions? contact us1-800-296-2332(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)(open in a new tab)®/tm trademarks of loblaws inc. © 2020 loblaws inc.t&t supermarket® and logo are trademarks of t&t supermarket inc., used under license.shoppers drug mart®, pharmaprix®, life brand®, medical cannabis by shopperstm, the beauty clinic by shopperstm, beautyboutiquetm, wellwise by shopperstm and their logos are trademarks of 911979 alberta ltd., used under license.aboutwho we arewhat we docovid-19careerslife at loblawworking with usfind jobs(open in a new tab)newsour storiesreleases and statementsreal talk - tariffsinvestorsoverviewfinancial reportsevents and presentationsstock informationresponsibilityour purposeenvironmentsocialgovernancereports & dataen   fraccessibilityprivacylegalcorporate governance en   fr