















lenawee county, mi | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    government      services      residents      business      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 















 






  
 
 












 














alerts sign upreceive email notifications








meeting materialsfind the latest lenawee county agendas, packets, minutes, & videos










 
 














job openingsfind current job openings at lenawee county








county courtsfind the latest information from the lenawee county courts










 
 














bill paysave time by paying online








contact usemail or call a lenawee county department










 
 
 

 














submit a public comment



frequently asked questions







who is my commissioner?



enjoy our parks







sign up for lenawee alerts



recycle for a better tomorrow









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

























 














calendar & newsget involved
 






  
 
 










february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb. 18  

parks commission meeting



wed, feb. 19  

board of health meeting







thu, feb. 20  

accounts payable committee meeting



mon, feb. 24  

loch erin sanitary drain drainage board meeting






view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 















presidents day 


the lenawee county business and administrative offices will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025 in observance of presidents day.  emergency services will continue to operate as needed.						read more







men's caregiver support group 


it can be hard to be a caregiver, especially if you've never been in this position before in your life.  if you are a male lenawee resident and find yourself caring for an older adult, this support group can help!						read more







protect yourself from scams: free workshop for older adults 


to help older adults recognize and avoid fraud, we invite you to attend shield against scams, a free workshop designed to educate and empower you with the knowledge to protect yourself.						read more







request for services/back-up services:  recycling drop-off site 


lenawee county is seeking an independent contractor and a back-up contractor to manage weekend and select holiday operations at the lenawee county recycling drop-off site.						read more







upcoming boat safety courses 


topics covered include general boating and water safety, navigational rules, causes and prevention of crashes, operation and fueling techniques, environmental concerns, and reporting responsibility.						read more







product recall: gerber teething sticks 


gerber products company is initiating a recall and discontinuation of all batches of gerber® soothe n chew® teething sticks due to a potential choking hazard for babies and young children.						read more







notice: probate court microfilm machine unavailable 


the probate court microfilm machine will be unavailable for use from february 14, 2025, through february 28, 2025, due to new carpet installation. during this time, all equipment must be temporarily relocated.						read more







sign up for free property fraud alerts 


a property fraud alert is a notification service that alerts subscribers against the possibilities of fraudulent activity being committed against their property.						read more







board of commissioners scholarship 


student scholarships provide lenawee county students and families with financial support that assists them in pursuing higher education.  check out the scholarship offered by the lenawee county board of commissioners.						read more







upcoming reproductive health and sti pop-up clinics 


the lenawee county health department is excited to announce a series of reproductive health and sexually transmitted infection (sti) pop-up clinics. these clinics are designed to provide accessible and affordable healthcare to the community.						read more







lenawee county dog license applications for 2025 now open! 


the state of michigan mandates that owners of canines aged four months or older must apply for a license. not only is it a legal requirement, but it's also a crucial tool in ensuring your pet's safety.						read more







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














spotlightsstay connected
 






  
 
 














notify me®








health department








sheriff's office








department on aging










 
 



  
 

















lenawee foster youth holiday drive brings joy to children
this year, the holiday spirit reached new heights with a significant contribution from the construction managers and subcontractors involved in the ongoing renovation and expansion project at maurice spear campus.









the lenawee county airport: a vital economic engine for adrian, mi, and beyond
the lenawee county airport is more than a regional transportation hub; it’s a cornerstone of economic vitality for adrian and the surrounding areas. the recent mdot report underscores its significant contributions to job creation, income generation, and economic activity. 









2024 state of the county
watch the 2024 state of the county presentation given by lenawee county administrator kim murphy at the 2024 fall legislative dinner.









lenawee county veterans received $78,746,000 last year
during the fiscal year that ended september 30, 2023, data shows that 5,723 veterans resided in lenawee county, with u.s. department of veterans affairs (va) expenditures totaling $78,746,000.  









transforming our community through a new approach to justice
read our latest blog covering the lenawee county specialty courts and other efforts to improve our criminal justice and behavior health outcomes for lenawee county.









housing target market analysis
click here for more information.









sign up for the 60 second update
get the weekly update from the lenawee county administrator straight in your inbox!









lenawee community collection event a success
 organized by the lenawee county solid waste committee, this event is designed to provide free or low-cost recycling opportunities to area residents.









lenawee’s most important natural resource: water
 access to clean and safe water is something we often take for granted.  it is vital for drinking, recreation, sanitation, hygiene, industry, and agriculture.





















						1
						msc christmas 3




						2
						airplane in the air




						3
						state of the county2




						4
						veteran family




						5
						transforming our community through a new approach to justice




						6
						a bunch of houses




						7
						lady signing up for email newsletter




						8
						tires




						9
						water








  
 
 




 














county commissionersmeet your representatives
 






  
 
 

 














david stimpsondistrict 1
 




dustin krasnydistrict 2
 




david aungstdistrict 3
 




beth blancodistrict 4
 




jim dalydistrict 5
 






  
 
 














terry collinsdistrict 6
 




kevon martisdistrict 7
 




ralph tillotsondistrict 8
 




jim van dorendistrict 9
 






  
 
 







 














lenawee county is...facts & partners
 






  
 
 














99,423residents according to the 2020 census


334,000acres of agricultural land
 




21stmost populous county in michigan


5,601acres of parkland
 




59lakes


17miles of trails
 






  
 
 



 














the best place to live
 




the best place to do business
 




the best place to visit
 






  
 
 



 















 






  
 









   





 
 



  
 







contact us







administrator’s office301 n main streetold courthouse 2nd flooradrian, mi 49221contact us
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







county employment



contact us



council / district meetings



codes & ordinances



forms & applications









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 















 






  
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









