
   

home

























 
















×

log in to member area





		username 

		password 


forgot password?






×






home
about useventsemploymentfind a head startresourcesresourcesnewstoolkitsdirectoryheadstart.gov/office of head startnational head start associationohio department of children & youthoh dept of education & workforce - early learningodjfs - child careohio department of healthohio head start collaboration officeoccrracontact usadvocacy



 




 



 



 



 






 
login














about useventsemploymentfind a head startresourcesnewstoolkitsdirectoryheadstart.gov/office of head startnational head start associationohio department of children & youthoh dept of education & workforce - early learningodjfs - child careohio department of healthohio head start collaboration officeoccrracontact usadvocacy 

  




‹
›
   welcome!the program is a child-centered, family focused, comprehensive and community-based. head start provides comprehensive education, health, nutrition, dental, mental health, social services and parent engagement opportunities to low-income, special needs and at-risk children and their families. the dollar investment in head start programs has a high rate of return. for each dollar invested in head start, there is an economic gain of $7-$10. some research suggests it could be as much as $17. this is realized in reduced expenses of grade retention, special education services, and a higher earning potential and economic success in adulthood, thus reducing dollars needed for welfare and the criminal justice system. the ohio head start association (ohsai) is the voice of ohio's head start grantees, staff and families.  ohsai strives to keep the head start community informed, build collaborative relationships, partner with coalitions at the state and federal level, and takes a stand on issues affecting low-income children and families.   resourcesaboutnewshead start locatoremploymentopan   upcoming office of head start webinars    upcoming events


mar
11


social work conference - recentering on the heart of family engagement
                              
march 11-13, 2025



see more events key datesjanuary - june 2025july - december 20252025 budget planning  llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll   thank you to our sponsors    platinum sponsor       gold sponsor silver sponsor   bronze sponsors        llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll    your browser does not support iframes. please, copy and paste the following link: https://eclkc.ohs.acf.hhs.gov/center-locator/embedded   subscribe to our newsletter




* first name: 




* last name: 




* email: 



* requiredsubmit 





(937) 435-1113 | ohsai@ohsai.org 
			© 2025 ohio head start association, inc.		
			website powered by memberleap.
		



 



 



 



 





