




world trade center orlando



























world trade center orlando




menu

						skip to content					
home
about us

wtc association
what is a world trade center?
board of directors
our sponsors


membership

become a member/renew
industry member listing
trade card


news

backpack
member spotlights
trade missions
impact analysis
newsletter
national and international news
local news feeds


events
resources

trade leads
doing business in florida
wtc orlando member resources and discounts
contact: consulates and bi-nationals chambers
partners and local resources


internship

apply
meet our team


contact

welcome to wtco
contact info
subscribe
faq’s


 

search for:



 








max sacks international(professional sales training)


november 13, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 






leave a comment 





max sacks 


november 13, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 


















leave a comment 





thank you internship class of summer
  2013 


august 2, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 


 
thank you interns class
  of  summer 2013. you have all done an
  outstanding job this summer, and we look forward to working with the incoming
  fall class of 2013! we are still taking interviews for the fall program, you
  can find more information and as well applying here.





leave a comment 





the
  track selling system workshop 


june 17, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 



world trade center of orlando is proud to present the following
  program on professional sales. we encourage your company to consider sending
  a representative to this excellent program. this is an ongoing program that
  the world trade center will be conducting here in central florida on a
  monthly basis and into the future.please address any questions to ron mathis
  or world trade center orlando.



marketing media enterprizes,
  llc
ronald d. mathis, cms –
  ceo
laura d. reeves, cms –
  president
address: 7512 dr. phillips boulevard, suite
  50-856
    orlando, fl 32819
phone: 407-408-7480 (ronald)
e-mail: ron.mathis@maxsacks.com
phone: 817-291-2885 (laura)
e-mail: laura.reeves@maxsacks.com


how would an increase of 25% impact your
  profitability?
3 day program
  starts wednesday, june 19, 2013 through friday, june 21,
  2013
    limit 24 participants

     this is an intensive
  three-day workshop that teaches participants how to maximize their sales
  efforts. the course content features track selling, a scientifically proven
  method that includes a seven step sales process utilizing the six buying
  motives (why people buy) and the five universal buying
  decisions (how people buy). it also includes sound and
  effective techniques for overcoming objections, a system for developing
  dynamic presentations, and a way to close more sales, more often, without
  pressure or stress. the program is conducted by two experienced sales
  instructors and is limited to 24 participants. the track selling system
  workshop benefits inside salespeople, outside salespeople, telemarketers,
  managers, top executives and anyone else who interacts with your
  customers.


the track selling system workshop offers online follow-up
  training, instructor led workshop plus a one-year reinforcement package
  including weekly email tip of the week and advanced training cd
  library.

     our track selling
  system incorporates third generation streaming video scenario based
  e-learning. this program can also include integration of track selling with
  several of the more popular sales force automation products as well as crm
  technology.call now to enroll: 407-408-7480.






leave a comment 





fall 2013 internship opportunity 


may 29, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 


world trade center orlando is now accepting applications for our
  fall 2013 internship program. please email your resume and cover letters to
  internship@worldtradecenterorlando.org.
click here to learn more
  about our program.




leave a comment 





member
  spotlight: universal studios orlando 


may 16, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 



universal orlando is a theme park resort located in orlando,
  florida and was opened in 1990. it is currently owned and operated by nbc
  orlando. it consists of two theme parks – “universal studios”, a park based
  on big-budget universal productions movies such as “jaws” and “the mummy”,
  and the “islands of adventure”, a group of mini parks styled after more
  fantasy-based franchises, such as dr. seuss’ stories, the marvel comics
  universe, and the wildly popular “harry potter” book and movie
  series.
in addition, universal orlando hosts a variety of special events
  throughout the year, including performances by blue man group and the annual
  “halloween horror nights” attraction. they also provide three separate onsite
  loews hotels and night time entertainment at universal’s “citywalk”, which
  connects the two theme parks together. citywalk provides more adult-oriented
  entertainment, including several celebrity bars and restaurants, a
  multi-screen amc theater and high-profile performances at “hard rock
  live”.
 
chairman and ceo: tom williams
www.universalorlando.com/





leave a comment 





member spotlight: universal studios
  orlando 


may 16, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 



universal orlando is a theme park resort located in orlando,
  florida and was opened in 1990. it is currently owned and operated by nbc
  orlando. it consists of two theme parks – “universal studios”, a park based
  on big-budget universal productions movies such as “jaws” and “the mummy”,
  and the “islands of adventure”, a group of mini parks styled after more
  fantasy-based franchises, such as dr. seuss’ stories, the marvel comics
  universe, and the wildly popular “harry potter” book and movie
  series.
in addition, universal orlando hosts a variety of special events
  throughout the year, including performances by blue man group and the annual
  “halloween horror nights” attraction. they also provide three separate onsite
  loews hotels and night time entertainment at universal’s “citywalk”, which
  connects the two theme parks together. citywalk provides more adult-oriented
  entertainment, including several celebrity bars and restaurants, a
  multi-screen amc theater and high-profile performances at “hard rock
  live”.
 
chairman and ceo: tom williams
www.universalorlando.com/





leave a comment 





international
  heritage day 


may 10, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 







leave a comment 





national entrepreneur center 


may 10, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 













join us at these free
  seminars…
doing
  business with costa rica – this friday, may 10

business
  insights: maximize sales – wednesday, may
  29
























for more information, please call 407-420-4848
  or email info@nationalec.org.
visit us online at: www.nationalec.org
3201 e. colonial drive, suite a20, orlando, fl  32803










 




leave a comment 





world trade week! 


april 5, 2013uncategorizednormasutton1 


world trade center orlando is proud to announce “world trade week”
  starting sunday may 13th, through saturday, may 19th, 2013! the cornerstone
  of this week will be our 21st annual international heritage day, happening on
  thursday, may 16th, at the city hall rotunda in downtown orlando! we
  encourage you to come out and celebrate central florida’s diversity with
  us!





leave a comment 




			posts navigation		

← older posts









 






					proudly powered by wordpress				





