



southwest jack russell terrier network - home






































    










































































home
















events schedule
















directions to event sites



















dougan's house
















gold medal dog training center
















hopkins county civic center
















puppyville
























join the club!       apply here



















member application on line
















 membership application (printable pdf)
























fall festival sponsors
















about jack russell terriers



















breed standard
























faq's



















about trials and play days
























photo gallery
















den talk newsletter
















contact us



















board of directors
















jrtca state representatives
















2024 officer elections
























russell rescue, inc.
















donate
















recommended sites
















privacy policy














































* email







* password






remember me












forgot password











 

























southwest jack russell terrier network serves dallas/fort worth and the surrounding areas of north texas.  we are an affiliate of the jack russell terrier club of america (jrtca) and are dedicated to the protection and preservation of the jack russell terrier as a working breed.

swjrtn holds elections every 2 years.  this year is an election year.  the nominee profiles can be found here: 2024 officersswjrtn holds a jrtca sanctioned trial each year (in november) with a complete slate of competition including conformation, go-to-ground, racing, agility, brush hunt, trailing and locating, as well as an open tunnel we've named "the harvie experience".  the club also hosts spring and fall play days that offer terriers and their owners a chance to learn about and try out events offered at jrt trials and meet other dogs and their owners. 
save the datescheck event schedule for details2024 play days                                       next one to be decided - will be posted here when it is set up.                       
2025 fall festival, november 8 & 9
we are using trail vault for entries. set up your account using this link 
if you have problems or concerns with trail vault  please contacttracy flora - tracy.flora233@gmail.comother questions:
sarah williams - swilliamsjrt.55@gmail.com 
 2024 trial flier




 
connect with us
        on facebook! 
facebook.com/groups/swjrtn



          
 
































































© southwest jack russell terrier network 
















powered by wild apricot membership software




 
 



