



 




dyslexia specialist | learning disabilities levinson medical center




















questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software



























 (516) 482-2888
 book an appointment



      	dyslexia
             adhd
                 phobias
      














         	levinson medical center
				dyslexia • ld • adhd • phobias
				great neck, long island new york
         








center

our facility
our staff
contact us


dyslexia basics

what is dyslexia?
famous dyslexics
the dyslexic syndrome


diagnosis

medical testing
self-test


treatment

medical treatment
100+ rapid improvements
patient responses
insight therapy
dyslexia resources


adhd/phobias

vital facts about dyslexia and other disorders
attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
fears, panic, ocd
occupational disorder
bullying
back-to-school fears
adhd medication abuse


media

books by dr. levinson
dr. levinson in the media
research papers by dr. levinson
press releases
patents on dyslexia by dr. levinson
independent validation of dr levinson's research
scientific support
dr. levinson's cv


dr. l's blog
contact us



























							have you or a loved one suffered from symptoms of dyslexia for years with little or no improvement? learn exactly what dyslexia is and how cutting edge research is changing the treatment process for children and adults. more ➤






							with the right approach to holistic treatment of dyslexia symptoms, children and adults will feel as smart as they really are. read more about our diverse treatments and how they can benefit you or someone in your life. more ➤






							learn about dr. levinson, dyslexia specialist, on what really causes learning disorders. read how he’s helped thousands of adults and children make remarkable progress in their fight against dyslexia and adhd. more ➤





the most important improvements in favorably responding dyslexic children and adults are those enhancing self-esteem, serenity and the ability to love oneself and others. more ➤





				a groundbreaking medical treatment offers rapid and often dramatic help to suffering dyslexic/adhd children and adults
			




 a new medical solution
dr. harold levinson, dyslexia specialist, applies his groundbreaking medical research to treatments for all patients with related learning, attention deficit, phobic disorders with the first and only comprehensive understanding of their currently misunderstood symptoms. most importantly, new and "highly original" methods of diagnosis have led to a safe, rapid and dramatic medical treatment effective for all age groups. 
when holistically combined with non-medical therapies, 100% of patients respond favorably. and all begin to feel as smart as they really are. in fact, early medically-based screening and treatment may often prevent the above disorders from arising.
acclaim and validation — cures and prevention from a specialist
refuting century-old misconceptions, levinson's challenging research has been acclaimed by nobel prize-winning cerebellar neurophysiologist sir john eccles and outstanding others. now validated by sophisticated brain imaging and related studies, dyslexia cures and prevention lurk just beyond our current scientific horizons.         


 new hope for millions suffering from dyslexia or ld and adhd
treating the root cause — proven medical therapy "cures" the symptoms of dyslexia and related disorders
for the very first time, dr levinson's pioneering research has unmasked the true cause of this disability and a score of related but differently named impairments:

learning disabilities
adhd and add
dysgraphia
dyspraxia
phobic and mood disorders. 

most importantly, a simple and safe combination of "inner-ear enhancing" medications and nutrients  can rapidly and often dramatically improve the above disorders and hundreds of diverse symptoms — all resulting from a previously hidden fine-tuning or signal dysfunction of inner-ear or cerebellar-vestibular (cv) origin. 
when medical and non-medical therapies are properly combined, all patients, regardless of age, can attain dreams and ambitions never before thought possible from this dyslexia specialist. 




favorable patient responses ➤
typical of thousands
world-wide acclaim ➤
independant validation ➤
the best definition and understanding of dyslexia ➤
a vital self-diagnostic test for dyslexia ➤
100+ important symptoms
					15+ major functional impairments
 100+ rapid dyslexic improvements ➤
dyslexia — the best 20+ questions and answers ➤
adult dyslexia ➤
famous dyslexics/adhd: best explained ➤
add / adhd
phobias / panic

successfully treating 20+ diverse disorders ➤
 download
our free brochure









(516) 482-2888
© 2020 levinson medical center for learning disabilities™. all rights reserved.
last updated on april 13, 2021. please see the contact page for medical correspondence and information.
disclaimer: all information is provided for general information only, and should not be treated as a substitute for the medical advice of your own doctor or any other health care professional. levinson medical center for learning disabilities is not responsible or liable for any diagnosis made by a user based on the content of this website. always consult your own gp if you're in any way concerned about your health.
 site map


      	 
      

follow us
 facebook
 twitter
 youtube
 rss
 contact us





