











new jersey qui tam attorney | whistleblower lawyer nj | employment law cherry hill nj



















































































toll free: 866-627-7052








homepage
firm overview

our team


attorneys

ross begelman
marc m. orlow
jordan r irwin


practice areas

qui tam
employment law
workers compensation overview
personal injury
criminal defense & traffic offenses


videos
blog

whistleblower law
employment law
civil rights


contact













 












reputable and experienced
over 115 years combined experienceprotecting your rights















a full service law firm handling cases nationwide

at begelman & orlow, p. c., our attorneys bring the experience of more than 115 years of combined legal practice to the job of protecting our clients’ rights. based out of our offices in cherry hill, new jersey, and conshohocken, pennsylvania, we provide dynamic and professional representation with an emphasis on creative solutions and exceptional results.
our attorneys handle a diverse range of cases with an emphasis on representation in complex qui tam, false claims act, employee rights claims and personal injury claims. in all cases our goal is to aggressively maximize results for our clients.
contact us today to schedule an appointment to discuss your legal needs with an experienced attorney.
qui tam, whistleblower and employment law attorneys
if you suspect an employer, associate, client, competitor, medical facility/institution or professional is attempting to defraud a federal or state government, or if you are exercising your rights as a whistleblower, it is critical to receive sound legal advice. our qui tam attorneys take pride in being a leader throughout the region in qui tam, false claims act and whistleblower actions. we handle cases involving:

state false claims
new jersey whistleblower claims
pennsylvania whistleblower claims
health care fraud
irs whistleblower law
military contract fraud
tarp and federal stimulus cases
kick back fraud
sec and cftc whistleblower programs 

we also provide clear and dependable guidance to protect the rights of workers in new jersey and pennsylvania.
complete and experienced legal solutions
we emphasize creative and professional solutions for clients in genuine need of highly experienced legal guidance. in conjunction with our qui tam and employment law practice, we also offer representation in civil rights, workers’ compensation claims, immigration, personal injury and criminal defense.
schedule a consultation and case review
to meet with one of our lawyers and have your case reviewed, call 866-627-7052 or reach us online. we will take the time to fully review your claim and offer clear guidance based on real experience.







in the news

(department of justice district of massachusetts) foundations resolve allegations of enabling pharmaceutical companies to pay kickbacks to medicare patients

(cnn) whistleblowers: company at heart of 97,000% drug price hike bribed doctors to boost sales

(department of justice office of public affairs) united states intervenes in false claims act lawsuit against drug maker mallinckrodt alleging illegal kickbacks

(department of justice u.s. attorney’s office eastern district of pennsylvania) united states files lawsuit against drug maker that jacked up drug prices from $50 to $32,000









how can we help you?


 









 name*
 

 email*
 

 phone*
 

 message*
 

please leave this field empty.

















request an appointment
over 115 years combined experience protecting your rights new jersey employment law attorneys a full service law firm handling cases across pennsylvania and new jersey 

request







serving clients nationwide
cherry hill office
411 route 70 east
cherry hill, nj 08034
telephone: 856.428.6020
telephone: 856-547-7400
fax: 856-428-5485






feasterville office
359 east street rd
feasterville, pa 19053-7711
telephone: 215-235-6020
fax: 856-428-5485














© 2025 by begelman & orlow, attorneys at law. all rights reserved. disclaimer |   linkedin | twitter | facebook | google+ | sitemapview full site



























