




sheffieldsupply.com




































skip to content 





 

menu 




menu 
home
contact
 












dear knifemaker:thank you for considering sheffield’s knifemakers supply for your knifemaking materials.
we are now going into our 36th year as a major source of materials and equipment for the professional knifemaker and the hobbyist.
we wish to express our gratitude to you, who have used our services and made our success possible. our goal is to continue to supply you with the widest variety of materials at a reasonable price.
we have added many new items since our last catalog. we will continue to add new materials as the availability arises.
sincerely,ann sheffield michael sheffield
catalog
precision ground tool steel
d-2 steel
typical analysis: c – 1.50-1.60, mn – .20-.40, – .20-.60, ph – .025, su – .015, cr – 11.50 – 12.00, v – .80-.100, mo – .70-.80
hardening: preheat thoroughly at 1450° to 1500°f then raise temperatures to 1800° to 1850°f and hold until uniformly heated through. soak at temperatures for 45 to 60 minutes per inch of thickness. to minimize surface decarburization, use salt bath, controlled atmosphere furnace or pack harden. quench in still air or dry air blast to below 150°f then temper immediately. use high side of hardening range for thicker sections.


tempering 
as quenched 
400°f500°f600°f700°f800°f900°f
rockwell hardness
c 62-64c 60-62c 59-61
o-1 precision ground tool steel
o-1 steel
typical analysis: c – .90-1.00, mn – 1.00-1.15, si – .20-.35; ph – .020, su – .020, cr – .40-.60, v – .08, t – .45-.60
hardening: preheat thoroughly at 1200°f then heat to 1450° to 1500°f depending on section size. hold until uniformally heated through. quench in warm, thin quenching oil to about 125°f and temper immediately. use high side of hardening range for thicker sections.
tempering as quenched400°f
500°f
600°f
700°
f800°
f900°f
rockwell hardnessc 63-65c 62-64c 60-62c 57-59
temper a minimum of two hours for sections under two inchesand a minimum of one hour per inch of thickness over two inches.
a-2 precision ground tool steeltypical analysis: c – .90-1.05, mn – .40-.60, si – .20-.35, ph – .025, su – .005, cr – 4.90-5.30, v – .15-.20, mo – .90-1.10
hardening: preheat thoroughly at 1450° to 1500°f then raise temperature to 1750°f and hold until uniformly heated through. soak at temperatures 20 to 25 minutes per inch of thickness. to minimize surface decarbonization, use salt bath, controlled atmosphere furnace or pack harden. quench in still air or dry air blast to below 150°f then temper immediately. use high side of range for thicker sections.
temperingas quenched400°f500°f600°f700°f800°f900°f
rockwell hardnessc 63-65c 62-64c 60-62c 57-59
cpm 154 steel
cpm the cpm manufacturing process produces a uniform distribution of the carbides in this grade because of the cpm processing 154 is easier to machine and grind than standard 154 cm. general machining parameters are similar to 154 cm and 440 c.this material is cut from sheet.
heat treat data availablecarbon 1.05%chromium 14.00%molybdenum 4.00%
cpm s35vn steel
cpm s35vn is a martensitic stainless steel designed to offer typicalanalysis:
improved toughness over cpm s30v. also easier to machine and polish than cpm s30v. its chemistry has been rebalanced so that it forms some niobium carbides along with vanadium and chromium carbides. air hardness 58-61. this material is cut from sheet.
c – 1.4%, cr – 14.00%, v – 3.00%, m – 2.00%, niobium – 0.50%
cold rolled steel, alloy 1018
for guards, bolsters and buttcaps. this material takes a fine blueing.
barstock3/16” thick x 3/4” wide 3/16” thick x 1-1/2” wide 1/4” thick x 3/4” wide 3/8” thick x 3/4” wide 1/2” thick x 1/2” wide 1/2” thick x 1-1/4” wide 1/2” thick x 1-1/2” wide 1/2” thick x 2” wide 1/2” thick x 2-1/4” wide 1/8” dia. x 12” rod
steel cable for forging
1 1/4” dia. x 30” long double improved plow steel
damascus
mike norris stainless steel damascus comp. 19c27, 302. we stock lengths and patterns as available from the manufacturer.
high carbon damascus steel bars available. sunstorm, cyclone twist, hornet’s nest, ladder. 
eggerling mosaic damascus bolster material. blade stock available.
mokume gane (japanese-wood grain) this combination metal, diffusion welded of two or more dissimilar metals exhibit the various patinas or colors of which they are constructed and is an excellent choice for bolster guard material or handle material with inlays.
ferric chloride- (etchant)


for etching mokume gane or damascus instructions included on bottle
satanite (refactory)
for creating the hamon on knife blades, mix with water to the desired consistency. also may be used for relining oven. mix with water to a paste or to the consistency desired. caution respiratory masks are required for safe handling of refractory cement.
bone, buffalo, and horn
jigged bone: 4-1/4” x 1-1/4” x 5/32”
dyed camel bone
carved bone natural: 3-1/2” x 1-1/4” x 5/32”
smooth white bone
buffalo carver black
jigged black buffalo swirled pattern
round buffalo sticks
buffalo black
polished buffalo horn scales 5 x 1-1/2” x 3/8”
dyed brown buffalo horn patterned
impala jig buffalo horn
warthog teeth
handle materials
1/8” thick acrylic pearl
stabilized woods have been impregnated with acrylics and monomers to minimize chances of shrinking or cracking. some stocked natural, single color dyed and double color dyed.
stabilized giraffe bone
sheep hornimported from south africa
delrin : a pure white handle material.
vulcanized fiber spacer material used behind the guard on narrow tang knives and between the tang and handle on full tang knives.
.030 & .062
pearl marbleized polyester- works well with normal shop tools, drills easy and polishes well
hardwoods for knife handles
(pterocarpus soyauxii) deep red with darker streaks
amboyna burl
a dense burly pattern with eyes and swirls, very rare, from cambodia. pinkish to red.blackwood, african(dalbergia melanoxylon) also called grenadillo. color: dark purplish brown with black streaks giving a nearly black effect. very hard and heavy, 82 lbs/cu.ft. slightly oily with a fine texture, finishes exceptionally well. east and south africa. bloodwood, amazon
(brosimum paraense) color: rich strawberry red, sometimes with golden yellow stripes. hard and heavy. takes a high lustrous finish. brazil.bocote
(cordia eleanenoides) tobacco colored to reddish brown, medium density and works well. takes an outstanding finish. bubinga(guibortia tessmannii) light tan with a pink cast, machines well and takes a nice finish.
coco bola
(dalbergia retusa) dark brown to dark yellow in color, works well with machine tools, avoid overheating when working. it is very dense and finishes beautifully.desert iron wood
(arizona ironwood) (olneya tesora) very heavy, takes an outstanding natural finish with only buffing and gives an extra-dimentional effect. color ranges from light to very dark brown to a golden color sometimes with dark streaks, held in very high esteem by custom knife collectors.
east indian rosewood
(dalbergia latifolia) dark purplish brown with blackish streaks.ebony, black(diospyros ebenum and d. mespiliformis) generally jet black but sometimes with lighter colored streaks. hard and heavy, fine texture with metallic luster. finishes smoothly and produces a high polish. east indies, and africa.
ebony, macassar
(diospyros discolor) black with yellowish or reddish brown streaks. metallic luster. hard and heavy, 68 lbs.cu.ft. takes a high glossy finish. east indies.ebony, black and white, south/south east asia
(diospyros embryopteris) color: creamy white heartwood with distinct black veins. small pores in no specific arrangement, growth rings indistinct, finishes exceptionally well.goncalo alves
(astronium fraxinifolium) also called tigerwood. light golden brown to reddish brown with blackish brown streaks producing a beautiful striped or mottled figure. hard and heavy. fine texture and takes a glass-like finish. brazil.
hard maple(acer saccharium) beautiful wood for knife handles must be dyes or stained to bring out subtle features. kingwood, para(dalbergia sp) dark purple stripes on a yellowish purple background. very hard and heavy, oily and takes a high lustrous finish. rare. mexico.
lacewood
(cardwellia sublimis) light pink to light reddish brown with a silvery sheen, flaky. texture fairly coarse. moderately hard and heavy works easily and takes a lustrous finish. fairly scarce. queens land, australia.
lignum vitae
(guaiacum officinale) one of the hardest commercial timbers. from a light olive green to brown or nearly black. very hard and heavy, very oily which enables it to take a very high polish. central america.
madagascar rosewood
very dense, purple in color, takes an exceptional polish.
maple, bird’s-eye
(acer saccharium) white or cream to light brown or reddish brown. figured somewhat like that of burl with many small eyes separate from each other. hard and heavy, easy to work and takes a smooth polish. u.s.a. must be stained to bring out pattern.
maple curly
(acer macrophyllium) creamy white occasionally with a reddish brown tinge. wavy grained producing curls 1/8” to 1/4” apart takes an excellent finish. northwestern u.s.movingui
(distemonanthus benthamianus) yellow to orangish brown; figured grain patterns, mottle or ripple; fine texture beautiful luster; stains and finishes well. from west africamyrtle burl
(umbellularia sp.) a light figured wood that needs to be dyed or stained to accent the subtle features, sealing recommended. olive woodbrown streaked with darker lines, fine texture and dense. takes a good polish. from italy, greece.
osage orange
(maclura pomifera) golden yellow when freshly cut, becoming russet brown upon exposure. hard and heavy. very stable when dry takes a nice polish. southwestern u.s.a.palm, black
(astrocaryum standleyanum) the outer part of the trunk consists of numerous fine, black fibers crowded densely together and surrounded by lighter colored material. weight 60-70 lbs/cu.ft. often has fine air checks. capable of a very high polish. panama.
pink ivory
(rhamnus zeyher) bright pink to pale red. hard and heavy. very fine texture and takes a beautiful high polish. one of the rarer and more expensive woods, but available. east and south africa. pau ferro
a brownish tan subtle tripled south american hardwood takes a good finish, needs sealing.purple heart(peltogyne) purplish or violet in color which deepens with aging or with heat. finishes beautifully and makes a real eye catcher of a knife handle.
rosewood, honduras
(dalbertia stevensonii) pinkish brown to purple with dark streaks. often highly figured. oily texture. hard and heavy. finishes smoothly with a high polish. honduras.snakewood
(piratinera guianesis) dark red to reddish brown with irregular black speckles or stripes. fine textured and highly lustrous. very hard and heavy. takes a beautiful finish. very rare. guyana and surinam.
thuya burl
(tetraclinis articulata) golden brown to red. highly figured with small eye clusters of tight burls. moderately hard and heavy. aromatic smell. rare. algeria and morocco.verawood
(bulnesia sarmientoi) argentine lignum vitae, color range from pale yellowish olive, deeper forest greeno or dark brown / black, grain is tight unique feathered pattern. fine luster when polished. from argentine
wenge
(millettia laurentii) hardwood native to africa. light brown to almost black, vascular, sealing recommended.zebrawood(microberlinic) a medium hard south american wood with alternate light and dark streaks, sealing recommended. zericote
(cordia dodecandra) a beautiful wood with bold swirling, black and brown grain. takes a fine finish.walnuta domestic wood that has been used on firearms for many years. a grayish tan wood with swirls – takes a good finish. needs sealing.
asian satin wood
this wood has the same appearance as curley maple
marblewood
longitudinal stripes intertwine through beige matrix
composite reconstructed stone
acrylic and minerals combined with natural gem material make this reconstructed stone an interesting and inexpensive alternative to its natural counterpart. this knife handle material can be worked with ordinary tools and equipment. cuts, sands, polishes, and drills with the same ease as working phenolics. because it is as fragile as its natural stone counterpart, it should be worked slowly and treated with caution. excellent for use as handles, spacers, inlays, insets on interframes and manufacturing custom jewelry. all of this material takes an outstanding polish.
clear turquoise
turquoise in color and is without inclusions.
web turquoise
black three dimensional spider web entwining through a rich turquoise background.
mexican turquoise
blue-green turquoise with darker colored veins.
clear lapis luzuli
a royal blue violet material without inclusions. the rarest representation of the gem grade lapis.
azurite chryscolla
a predominantly medium to deep blue with tints of two tone green with defined three dimensional webbing.
azurite/malachite
a deep blue material with irregular green inclusions scattered throughout.
sugalite clear
an intense lavender in color without inclusion. in the natural state it is used in fine custom jewelry and high grade cutlery handles.
charoite
a swirl of deep purple with lighter purple bands interlaced and overlapping the deeper color.
river agate
swirls of pink and blue banded together to produce a harmonious marriage of delightful color.
banded azurite / malachite
bands of vibrant green separated from the electric blue bands by third shade of green. bands are 1/16” to 1/8” wide.
banded malachite
banding of various shades of light green to almost black. bands run from a few thousandths of an inch to 3/32” of an inch.
malachite web
a three dimensional spider web weaving around miniature forest green nodes ranging from 1/32” to 3/16” in diameter.
amber with specks
a rich golden honey color included with dark specks to resemble the ancient baltic amber
ivory bone
a soft white material fabricated to genuine product.
dark coral
a deep chinese red without inclusions, reminiscent of the highly prized coral found in the eastern mediterranean region.
pink conch shell
this extraordinary material is a real show stopper, a predominate ivory base banded by irregular pink bands 1/32” to 3/32” wide and a canary yellow series of bands 1/32” to 3/32” wide.
dymondwood®
paisley — black, blue and red
tortoise — light brown, medium brown, black and wine
timberland — medium brown, black, red and green
hazelnut — cinnamon, medium brown, wine, natural and light brown
bubblegum — pink, dark pink and blue
dakota — light blue, cinnamon, light brown, natural, yellow and wine
terracotta — red and yellow
tapestry — wine, green, pink
turquoise gemwood — turquoise
tropical purplewood — purple
fiji orangewood — orange
vermont marblewood — green and natural
royal jacaranda — wine, black and medium brown
amazon marblewood — natural, black and red
crimson ironwood — wine and light brown
charcoal ruby — black and wine
santos zebra — black and cinnamon
desert stripewood — black and natural
rio grande applewood — natural, medium brown and light brown
field & stream — green, medium brown, black and blue
hawkeye — yellow and black
olympic — red, natural and blue
regal — red, yellow and blue
spectrum — green, light brown, blue, light brown, red and light brown
magnum — wine, yellow, black, cinnamon and medium brown
camo supreme — green, light brown, black and medium brown
evergreen camo — green and black
desert camo — medium brown, light brown and wine
sportsman camo — red, black and green
agatewood — natural, cinnamon and blue
royal marblewood — black and medium brown
tropical passionwood — pink
fuchsia — dark pink
aqua — light blue
camo — green, black and medium brown
french green — dark green
chutney — red, black and yellow
apple jack — red and black
solder and accessories

silver solder
qualities : *1/16” solid core**closely matches stainless in color* *becomes liquid at 430° f.**remains bright after prolonged use* *cadmium free**tensile strength, to 15,000 lbs./sq. in.*

anti-flux

used to coat area where solder is not wanted.
liquid soldering flux 

4 oz. use with silvabrite solders.
certificates of origin (on parchment paper) 

this is a certificate that the knifemaker fills out to go with the knife that he or she has just made. when properly filled in, it gives a complete history for the customer or collector to keep as a record of the knife.
ours exclusively custom folder thumbstuds

domed or mushroom with flat head screw for single or socket set screw for pairs. available in titanium ( add $ 1.00 per stud for anodizing.) or stainless.3/16” diameter thumstuds tapped 1-72. 1/4” diameter thumbstuds tapped 2-56.











© 2025 sheffieldsupply.com • built with generatepress 









