






























    the carpet shed | carpet retailers
  














                 admin@thecarpetshed.co.uk
 
 


 01460 55077


   
    home



  carpet showroom



  luxury vinyl tiles



  sheet vinyl



  laminates & vinyl



  soft furnishings



  gallery



  contact











    
 





       
  

call us




   
reputable carpet retailers based in ilminster, covering somerset get your carpet installed by a well-known team. if you're in ilminster or elsewhere in somerset, the carpet shed can take care of your needs.    

contact




   a wide choice of carpets, flooring and remnants the carpet shed was established in 1993 and supplies a wide variety of carpets, flooring and remnants. at any one time, we have over 500 carpet remnants in stock. you can also benefit from top quality bargains for your carpets. we only stock products from major manufacturers and wholesalers, so you can be sure of superior products that will last you for a long time. 


   
replace with showroom interior picturecarpet showroom we offer the following at our carpet showroom:carpets that suit your budgeta variety of colours to choose froma wide range of superb styleswe stock the leading brandsfantastic finishes that suit you   

carpet showroom


 luxury vinyl tiles we offer luxury vinyl tiles in tile and plank formats. you can choose from a wide range of colours, styles and patterns that match the decor of your home.    

luxury vinyl tiles



 
other flooring options at the carpet shed, we stock a variety of top-quality flooring options that are available in a wide choice of styles and finishes. we also provide expert advice and installation.    

laminate & vinyl flooring




   




   our location  


 see us in action   





   the carpet shed is an established carpet retailer based in ilminster and offering services throughout somerset. contact us today. 


      







looking for carpet retailers in ilminster? call: 01460 55077


    
   name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later








      



   follow us:   share

 tweet

 share

 mail


  

email us


 
    

 





  




  terms of use 
 |  privacy & cookie policy 
 |  trading terms 
 | powered by yell business

© 2025. the content on this website is owned by us and our licensors. do not copy any content (including images) without our consent.
















































































































  
  share by:










