






































copper wire supplier: mc cables, aluminum wires & building cables






















































































home
news
careers
  
 
 










innovations

mc cable
cerromax™ nm-b
barrel pro
cerropack
cerroflex
reelrover wire reel
slipwire
true sequential footage


products

all products
value-added packaging
price sheets
features
services
resources
where to buy


about

a focus on strengths
history
core values
donation requests


where to buy
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 

















the power of color
cerrowire innovation has made a leap in productivity
find out moreproductscalculators
















featuring innovative markings and improvements for faster, more accurate installations and inspections
find out moreproductscalculators






















cerrowire®, a marmon/berkshire hathaway company, is a leading u.s. copper wire supplier for residential, commercial and industrial applications. in addition to rugged and dependable, guaranteed products, including mc cables and aluminum wires, the cerrowire focus is on customer service and delivering on time and in full from our wire manufacturing plants in alabama, georgia, indiana, and utah. we create our quality products in our new, state-of-the-art mc cable plant.
industry-leading innovations keep rolling out from cerrowire and give our customers a competitive edge. our new mc cables and products feature a unique exterior coding system to easily identify what’s inside the armor. plus, our cerromax™ is the only brand that puts the power of color coding on 14/3 and 12/3 nm-b for no-mistake identification at a glance. as a leading copper wire supplier, cerrowire helps customers move wire with ease – saving time and money – with our game-changing reelrover wire handling device and go-anywhere tangle-free thhn cerropack.








products
cerrowire is proud to be an american owned and operated company. as a top copper wire supplier, we manufacture and distribute quality copper and aluminum wire and building cable products, including building wire, portable cord, and specialty wires. innovative features and value-added services provide performance advantages throughout the distribution and installation process.



all products



calculators & tools
features
services










where to buycerrowire markets through a number of quality retailers and manufacturer’s representatives.
find out more



 



 








innovations
products
about
where to buy
news
careers
privacy policy
fall giveaway terms & conditions


site map
terms of use
terms & conditions of purchase
terms & conditions of sale
supply chain
marmon
berkshire hathaway

contact us






 





also of interestvoltage drop calculationrhw-2wire calculator 








designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress  


 
 
 

































 



