



localnet start page
















 













start page|
my account|
webmail|
help






top stories
us news
international
sports
entertainment
business / finance
health
science
technology
offbeat news




newlocalnetwebmail!








 









1/5




rubio: us and russia agree to restore embassy staffing, create team to negotiate ukraine peace

riyadh, saudi arabia (ap) — u.s. secretary of state marco rubio says that officials at u.s.-russia talks agreed to restore embassy staffing and create a high-level team to negotiate peace in ukraine peace and promote economic cooperation.rubio said that actions over the last several years have reduced both countries' diplomatic missions' abilities to operate.he said: “we’re going to need to have vibrant diplomatic missions that are able to function normally in order to be able to continue these conduits.”this is a breaking news update. ap’s...
read more




billionaire jim ratcliffe's first year at man united has not gone to plan

manchester, england (ap) — it's been a year since one of britain's richest men bought into its most famous soccer team and vowed to bring the good times back.so far, it hasn't gone to plan for manchester united or jim ratcliffe.the record 20-time english champion is languishing in the bottom half of the premier league, losing vast sums of money every year and facing fan unrest.even head coach ruben amorim said recently that this might be the worst team in the club's storied history.that's not all on ratcliffe, the billionaire owner of...
read more




why have rwanda-backed rebels seized 2 congolese cities and is there an end in sight?

abuja, nigeria (ap) — rwanda-backed rebels have captured two key cities in congo’s mineral-rich east in less than a month after a major escalation in their yearslong fighting against overstretched and weakened congolese forces.with the support of thousands of troops from neighboring rwanda, the m23 rebels first took goma last month before marching to bukavu this weekend in an unprecedented advance since they took up arms more than a decade ago, further raising fears of regional warfare.who are the rebels and what do they want?m23 is one of about 100...
read more




villagers in southern lebanon prepare to return home as israeli army withdraws under ceasefire deal

deir mimas, lebanon (ap) — israeli forces withdrew tuesday from border villages in southern lebanon under a deadline spelled out in a u.s.-brokered ceasefire agreement that ended the latest israel-hezbollah war, but stayed put in five strategic overlook locations inside lebanon.top lebanese leaders denounced the continued presence of the israel troops as an occupation and a violation of the deal, maintaining that israel was required to make a full withdrawal by tuesday. the troops' presence is also a sore point with the militant hezbollah group, which has demanded action from...
read more




republicans consider cuts and work requirements for medicaid, jeopardizing care for millions

washington (ap) — republicans are weighing billions of dollars in cuts to medicaid, threatening health care coverage for some of the 80 million u.s. adults and children enrolled in the safety net program.the signing up of millions of additional americans for taxpayer-funded health care coverage like medicaid and the affordable care act's marketplace during the biden administration was lauded by democrats as a success. but republicans, who are looking to slash federal spending and offer lucrative tax cuts to corporations and wealthier americans, now see a big target ripe for the...
read more


 

 




top stories


 rubio: us and russia agree to restore embassy staffing, create team to negotiate ukraine peace 
 billionaire jim ratcliffe's first year at man united has not gone to plan 
 villagers in southern lebanon prepare to return home as israeli army withdraws under ceasefire deal 
 un human rights chief accuses rwanda-backed rebels in east congo of killing and recruiting children 
 vatican cancels more holy year events as pope remains hospitalized with respiratory infection 
 delta jet flips upside down on a snowy toronto runway and all 80 aboard survive 
 researchers link a gene to the emergence of spoken language 
 death of south korean actor at 24 sparks discussion about social media and internet culture 
 governor weighs removing nyc mayor adams after his top deputies quit amid criminal case turmoil 
 social security head steps down over doge access of recipient information: ap sources 




horoscope



























weather for buffalo, ny


weather search





remember






°f





°c













current conditions

9° f


sunny


wind
8.4 mph


humidity
68







4 day forecast




wednesday

cold
18° / 11°


thursday

flurries
20° / 16°


friday

cloudy
23° / 17°


saturday

cloudy
28° / 23°



 


stocks






yahoo! finance
google finance






 



entertainment


 death of south korean actor at 24 sparks discussion about social media and internet culture 
 a treasured banksy owned by a member of blink-182 is up for auction. it could fetch $6 million 
 'saturday night live' 50th anniversary special watched by nearly 15 million people 
 tongolele, iconic dancer of the golden era of mexican cinema, dies at 93 




sports


 tobe awaka has a double-double as no. 19 arizona snaps 2-game skid with a 74-67 win at baylor 
 notre dame moves up to no. 1 in ap poll for first time since 2019 after ucla suffers 1st loss 
 d-backs, ss geraldo perdomo agree to $45 million, 4-year deal that starts in 2026, ap source says 
 cam ward has answer for anyone who thinks he quit on miami after breaking td record in bowl game 


 
news content provided by the associated press. weather content provided by accuweather
© 1994-2025 localnet corp. all rights reserved










