





strawberry park hot springs – natural hot springs nestled in the mountains of steamboat springs colorado












































 


skip to content








(970) 879-0342|info@strawberryhotsprings.com 

pool reservationbook lodgingbook massage 















  


search for:








facilitieslodgingmassageshuttlesgalleryinfofinding usfaqmedia and friendsactivities and excursions




















homesupport2024-08-21t19:16:57+00:00 
healing starts here.welcome to strawberry park hot springshours + reservationswe are open 365 days a year!
reminder: no snacks, glass or alcohol
zero tolerance – we check bags
we recommend wearing swimsuits under
clothes and bringing robes.
sun-thurs: 10am-10pm (last entry at 8pm)
fri-sat: 10am-midnight (last entry at 10pm)
minors are not allowed after dark
$20/2 hour reservation
cash only – reservations required
no credit cards, no checks, no atm on site
pool reservationan unforgettable experiencestrawberry park hot springs blends the pure natural beauty of the environment with the unique stone masonry of our thermal pools. we will undoubtedly impress you with each visit! our facility is unique and unlike anything you have seen before.
overnight lodging rentals are popular year–round. hiking, biking, and snowshoeing trails are conveniently nearby in routt national forest.
we are only a short drive or shuttle trip from downtown steamboat springs and the steamboat ski area.
pool reservations become available 25-30 days in advance.
we have generous outdoor areas, open-air pools, and plenty of colorado sunshine. day use guests can reserve a 2 hour window. be advised that clothing is optional after dark until opening the following day, so no minors are permitted to enter after sundown. there is no waitlist. lodging reservations are available 90-120 days in advance.
please abide by all rules to keep everyone safe and happy! finally, please check our info and faq pages before calling. thank you!
pool reservationfacilities include restrooms, heated cabin for changing, and picnic areas. we do not allow pets nor do we permit unattended pets in vehicles. please plan accordingly.
we offer massage therapy and watsu massage. our team of therapists work hard to care for each client. you won’t find a better place to heal your body and soul.
from november 1st to may 1st a four-wheel drive vehicle with snow tires is required. for everyone’s safety two-wheel drive vehicles will not be permitted at the hot springs.
you may have questions about our facility, directions, or pet policies.
please visit our frequently asked questions page to learn more.
view faqs



 
 
open everydayinfo@strawberryhotsprings.com
(970) 879-0342
county road #36 steamboat springs, co 80487
cash only. no credit cards or checks.
pool reservationnow hiring: part-time office attendant (24hrs/week).
 inquire here >
please remember 4 wheel drive with snow tires/chains required nov 1st to may 1st (local routt county law).
we cannot allow dogs on our property. parking area is exposed and subject to extreme elements. we love dogs and as such leaving dogs in vehicles is strictly prohibited.


 
 
page load link




please remember 4-wheel or awd with snow tires/chains required nov 1st to may 1st (local routt county law). 
no uber or lyft passengers will be allowed entry. please contact one of our shuttle partners.

















