










 cape town's online magazine: discoveries. for moments of joy 








































 






 











  
































  
stay in touch













 

homenews






17 things to (re)discover

 
news
features 




eventsthings to donightlifeeating outlifestyleaccommodation 



giveawaystravel tips













join our team: exciting positions available at capetownmagazine.com

 






kuier@thecastle – the saturday outdoor market unpacked

 






join our team: exciting positions available at capetownmagazine.com

 






brewery with food specials (almost) every day

 


 



news 






featured
latest added
most read
events today







join our team: exciting positions available at capetownmagazine.comjoin us in creating a dna-changing impact on the provincelast updated: thursday, 23 january 2025
if you are looking to start a career with a company with a bold purpose and the ability to achieve, and are excited by the opportunity to step out of your comfort zone, these opportunities are for you
we’re on a mission to create a dna-changing impact on locals, visitors, small businesses and this destination through daily moments of joy. for happier people and a better place, unlocking magic around the corner and creating a magnet the world can not wait to be a part of.  
we’re an owner managed, independent business driven by a relatively small, committed and passionate (growing) team. we’re not just an online media business, we’re a platform on a mission to really impact this place. we're seeking a passionate and driven individuals to join our 


read more

 





kuier@thecastle – the saturday outdoor market unpacked 200+ vendors, 13 workshops, free safe parking and more brewery with food specials (almost) every day daily specials on comfort meals like burgers and schnitzels klm direct flights from cape town to amsterdam show us your active and win 2 amsterdam flights, luxe safari stay & more our number one riverside glamping spot 4 fully-kitted campsites stretched along the olifants river dutchies, the whimsical family eatery with a sea view dutch cuisine, fresh seafood & jazz evenings new restaurants and experiences to discover tiny wine bar, cereal café, dinner on a bus, & 25+ more join our team: exciting positions available at ... join us in creating a dna-changing impact on the province cape town's 7 things to do this weekend family festival, book swap, ramadan expo valentine’s day & more    





join our team: exciting positions available at ... join us in creating a dna-changing impact on the province grow your business and passion with us marketing on capetownmagazine.com cape town's 7 things to do this weekend family festival, book swap, ramadan expo valentine’s day & more   new restaurants and experiences to discover tiny wine bar, cereal café, dinner on a bus, & 25+ more klm direct flights from cape town to amsterdam show us your active and win 2 amsterdam flights, luxe safari stay & more our number one riverside glamping spot 4 fully-kitted campsites stretched along the olifants river things to do for valentine’s day: fun is in the air 14+ ideas: couples cooking class, singles hoedown, luxe pool party dutchies, the whimsical family eatery with a sea view dutch cuisine, fresh seafood & jazz evenings  





brewery with food specials (almost) every day
daily specials on comfort meals like burgers and schnitzels
						filini at radisson cape town foreshore 
tiramisu martinis, lasagne crocchetta and a buzzy rooftop bar
						all you need to know about maynardville open-air festival
all you need to know, from programme to picnic & parking
						get over the midweek hump with a hinthunt escape game
easy spot for team building, midweek date night, & more
						cape town accommodation special for a city stay
20% off, free breakfast, access to rooftop pool
						the hidden seaside bistro on the hermanus waterfront
sushi calamari, miso sirloin & rice krispies milkshakes
						reasons to have lunch at mischu
where else in sea point can you have lunch for under r100?
						team building, stylish conferencing & stay in the elgin grabouw valley
ultimate work-play-and-stay hub, trail’s end
						accommodation special at cederkloof retreat
book for 4, pay for 2. there’s hot tubs, hiking trails, pools…
						weekends are for mischu
you can get breakfast and coffee with the r99 brunch special
						this boutique 5-star hotel offers world-class spa treatments
the signature palm journey includes a 3-course lunch
						 






talking to you
summer’s here! spend time outdoors by visiting a khoisan art institute or discover something new, like a cape malay cooking class and cape town’s most curious museums. plus, check out over 100 bucket list adventures. don’t forget our weekend guide for cool and fun activities. and for daily discoveries, join us on facebook, twitter and instagram, or subscribe to our newsletter. 





news 






news

we commit and invest in the magic that events bring. this is what the events ...
 




news

insurance, recommended models, special rates and more
 




news

family festival, book swap, ramadan expo valentine’s day & ...
 




news

carats, cuts, ethical sourcing, lab grown diamonds & more
 














capetownmagazine.com
unwrapping cape town with you
there's something exciting going on in cape town every week. be the first to know what's new with our newsletter:




























cape town events calendar


february 2025 

sun
mon
tue
wed
thu
fri
sat







1

2
3
4
5
6
7
8

9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28



 






						 
					






eating out 







if ficks isn’t on your bucket list yet, here’s why it should be
 




outdoor restaurants with a sea view in cape town and surrounds
 




hip bistro: charlie on kloof nek
 




8 spots that are delivering vegetarian and vegan meals
 
 



eating out

tiny wine bar, cereal café, dinner on a bus, & 25+ more
 




eating out

creating job opportunities while serving coffee & croissants
 




eating out

pinchos, flammkuchen, cocktails & whale-watching 
 







nightlife 






nightlife

jaffles, lucky packets, secret bar & more 
 




bars

beers named after rodriguez, guns n roses, trainspotting
 





clubs
tiki tomb, boma on bree’s strictly 25+ basement bar
dive into the tropical setting where everyone’s all in to party 





nightlife
a guide to east city’s hottest block, harrington street
from dazzling disco & whiskey dinners to live music 









countless moments of joy

1

most read: things to do this week(end)
a smorgasbord of events across the province



2

new special places to discover and share
the latest places to eat, stay and play



3

the ultimate cape town bucketlist
cape town/s top things to do before you die



4

the western cape small towns bucketlist
locals share hidden gems in their towns



5

most loved: the weekly newsletter
out every wednesday morning. sign up!



















things to do 








dive in the great white capital of the world
 




cape point and two oceans helicopter tours: most instagrammable views of cape town
 




super cool activities in cape town you’ve probably never tried before
 




the ultimate cape town bucket list
 






things to do

read rave reviews from google, tripadvisor and team testimonials
 






things to do

explore hidden wine estates, back roads and see animals
 




things to do

r20 entry, free school tours, and eight more reasons to visit
 




things to do

harleys & petrol head paraphernalia like vintage pumps
 




things to do

a 222-year old fort, canals, bunkers and passages
 


























lifestyle 






lifestyle

he's worked with jared leto and the black eyed peas 
 




lifestyle

clothes that are made to last, by staff that gets paid fairly
 




lifestyle

parking, coffee shops and discounted boardrooms are just some of the perks
 




lifestyle

function venues with a difference, plus plenty of traditional options, for your ...
 






 











 
get more of molo


















newsletter
every month something you do not want to miss.







capetownmagazine.com


about us  
in the media 
work with us 
contact us 
submit events




advertising 
sitemap 
privacy policy 
terms of use 



© 2005 - 2025 cape town magazine pty ltd. all rights strictly reserved [2005 - 2025].




 













