home - international dallas communities


 


 



  
  international dallas communities     home  contact us         
call

  



 


 




  welcome to international dallas communities  learn more about what we do 
learn about our puerto vallarta chapter

 



 


 




    about our cause the dfw metropolis tops the nation in population growth, a demographic change fueled by immigration. more than 56.4% of the residents of the city of dallas are foreign-born and their children and 1.8 million of these are latinos. 322,171 dallas residents were born in another country and in 42.3% of the homes english is not the language spoken. our research indicates that 44% of the region’s residents are new americans (foreign-born and their children) and that 239 languages are spoken in the dfw metroplex.

the organization's numerous demographics reports and workshops plus innovative programs such as the dfw international dinner with the mayors have increased the awareness of the changing demographics of the north texas region and influenced the participation of underserved and low profile individuals from diverse backgrounds in mainstream society.

since our formation in 1995, our website (2-3 million hits a month) and yahoo! groups provide visibility and connectivity while our international festivals offer direct contacts that build positive relationships and successful solutions to issues. our weekly cultural bulletin (65,000 distribution) that highlights 400 metroplex global cultural activities each month, and our listing of ethnic artists provides direct programming contacts for schools, businesses, and institutions.

as part of our mission we have produced dallas’ two largest ethnic festivals - fiesta latinoamericana!, and the dallas international festival, the region’s only cultural festival of the americas,

our series of guides for new americans - 32 to 80 page resource directories - are an innovative, comprehensive and effective tools that provide vital information to low-income, minority and newcomer families and help them and move towards the american dream.

through its many initiatives and programs, dfw international community alliance facilitates progress toward the american dream by uniting the native-born and the foreign-born and advancing the ideals of community and citizenship. empowering is an investment in the future of our country.

we serve immigrants, minorities and mainstream through a multitude of programs created with collaborative partners across the north texas region. more than 50,000 people used our guides in 2014, more than 35,000 attended our festivals, and 2,000 studied in our educational classes.

since 2015 the primary focus of the organization has been refugees resettled in the dfw metroplex 



 


 




   home  contact us    international dallas communities     address 1421 monroe street nw 1421 monroe street nw district of columbia, dc 20010, us  vallartaabuelos@outlook.com   about us add a description here.   sitemap   follow us      





    