




nashua-plainfield














































































































 
 





skip to content 






 










facebook-f
 



twitter
 























 

 

home


 


elementary




 

jmc login


 

student/staff e-mail login


 

elementary school staff


 

contact us


 

elementary snow day packets


 

elementary counseling page


 

25-26 preschool registration


 

handbook


 

lunch menu


 

activies calendar


 

district school year calendar


 

library


 

5th grade website


 

weather net


 


boosters




 

athletic booster


 

nashua-plainfield music boosters


 

 

'24-'25 preschool handbook


 

 


middle/sr. high school




 

jmc login


 

student/staff e-mail login


 

jr/sr high school welcome


 

jr./sr. high staff


 

contact us


 

middle/high school counseling page


 

lunch menu


 

activities calendar


 

library


 

weather net


 

boosters


 

district school year calendar


 

handbook


 

 


athletics




 

activities calendar


 

activities


 

athletics


 

 


district information




 

business and financial services


 

top of iowa conference


 

district financial information


 

district tlc


 

employment opportunities


 

food service


 

school board info


 

technology


 

 

hwc


 

 


















 

 

 
















events 



 feb. 21st: no school march 5th: no school (teacher workday) march 6th+11th: ms+hs conferences march 11th+13: elem conferences march 14th: no school check out the n-p diamonds project here! 







facebook feed 



 







calendar 






loading data...



more events 















quicklinks 












jmc login student/staff e-mail login staff directory staff website login contact us podcasts 24-25 district school year calendar attendance letter 







lunch menu free and reduced application info activities calendar preschool handbook busing info weather net health information/athletic training services husky fight song 







educational equity policy bullying/harassment policy boosters library click to buy yearbook handbook elementary snow day packets 












items of interest 



click here to view the nashua-plainfield esser iii spending planclick here for the school district radon testing reportclick here to register for 3 and 4 year old preschool for the 25-26 school yearif you have a child going into kindergarten for the 2025-2026 school year, click here to fill out a pre-registration form. 







items of interest 



new top of iowa conference
notify me! users need new account
to receive reminders of upcoming events and cancelation notices either via email or text messages through rschooltoday, you need to create an account in the new top of iowa conference.

rschooltoday is the on-line system the top of iowa conference is using for athletic scheduling. with the move to the new conference, np users of notify me! will need to create a new account in the new top of iowa conference instead of the old corn bowl conference site.

if you have signed up for notify me! in the past, you will need to create an account in the new top of iowa conference. click any of the notify me! to be taken to np’s top of iowa conference webpage. once there, click on the notify me! link in the upper right of the screen.

by signing up for notify me!, you will be able to receive reminder notices for upcoming events for the activities you select. also, you will receive notices when an event has been canceled or postponed. to sign up, click on one of the blue notify me! links to be taken to np’s toi conference page. again, your old account will not be in effect due to the switch to the new conference. 

















 











 




							612 greeley st.						


						nashua, ia 50658					









 




							(641) 435-4835						


						phone					









 




							mon - fri: 7:30 - 4:00						


						business hours					
















powered by


|  policies  |  
web admin
 











 






 
























































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






helphelp 








