



	home


















corvette cleveland





dashboard
home

about

corvette cleveland
joining our club
the national council of corvette clubs (nccc)
east ohio region (eor) clubs

future corvette owners association (fcoa)
community and charitable services
the corvette cleveland scholarship program

corvette cleveland artifacts



events

message center
corvette cleveland events
full activity calendar

east ohio region events

national corvette museum events


national museum

gallery

2020 corvettes at corsa
club photo galleries
vintage racing videos
miscellaneous club videos



contact

corvette cleveland
sponsoring organizations and advertisers




log in








corvette cleveland









website outage notification









                                            we are sorry for the inconvenience, but the website will be interrupted briefly
                                            today between 3:00pm and 3:15pm.
                                        

                                            although the interruption will last for only a few moments, it may interfere with
                                            work you have in progress and/or reset your current session.
                                        

                                            thank you for your patience.
                                        

webmaster team
















corvette cleveland's corvettes at corsa
×




thank you!


                            to all those who participated in our virtual corvettes at corsa car show. it was fun,
                            unique and a great way to help ohioguidestone.
                        

                            our celebrity judges did a fantastic job selecting this years winners. please visit
                            the winners circle
                            posted on the corsa website.
                        

                            if you want to take a look at the 107 cars entered in the show, there's still a chance to
                            see them all at our 2020 corvettes at corsa gallery.
                            see all the cars and read some great stories just as the judges did.
                        

corvette cleveland














we joined for the car, we stay for the people
corvette club



































                            corvette cleveland was established in 1957 by a small group of corvette enthusiasts.  guys looking to connect
                            with other individuals who shared an excitement over a growing american sports car phenomenon. little did
                            they know they were starting one of the first corvette clubs in the country.
                        

learn more »  learn more about one of the most prestigious corvette clubs in america.
                        













cars, museums and rock & roll
connections





corvette

                                    the undeniable rock star of the american sports car scene, corvette is responsible
                                    for much more than providing us with the ultimate driving machine. our club has forged
                                    a relationship between members, their cars and the automotive community.
                                

                                    feel free to explore corvette cleveland's involvement, highlighted by
                                    various activities and events.
                                

see our event list »



cleveland

                                    we are proud of our city and proud to serve its communities by sharing our
                                    cars, our time and our passion for corvette in order to brighten the day
                                    of other enthusiasts. corvette cleveland supports many events around the
                                    city and surrounding suburbs.
                                

learn more »


check out the 15 things to do when visiting cleveland!



museum

                                    from the rock hall
                                    to the hall
                                    that rocks the car we love to drive there are 458 miles.
                                    corvette cleveland members have traversed this stretch of highway many times, both individually
                                    and as a club. experiencing the national corvette museum
                                    and all it has to offer should be on the itinerary of any road trip.
                                

learn more »  and check out corvette cleveland's exhilarating memories.
                                












cc connect


                                use cc connect to quickly access our sponsor and advertiser sites. the
                                quality organizations our club is associated with provide valuable information
                                through their websites.
                            

                                hover over the link (or press and hold on your mobile device) to change the
                                quick info content.
                            








sponsors


coughlin chevrolet

corsa performance

ganley chevrolet of aurora

sunnyside chevrolet



advertisers


corsa performance

elegant embroidery

j. egan landscaping

k.e.i. carbody

neo clock repair

oak tree wealth partners

ornamental products tool and supply

royalton travel service

tommy's speed shop



quick info


















                    copyright © 2025: corvette cleveland
                








