





team charlotte motorsports | motorcycle, atv, watercraft dealer | charlotte near fayetteville, salisbury, and raleigh, nc





























































contáctenos

largest powersportsdealer in charlotte



we pay cash for all makes









like team charlotte motorsports on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow team charlotte motorsports on instagram! (opens in new window)




map






call us! 704.394.7301




3004 freedom dr

charlotte,

nc

28208

i-85 exit 34a










toggle navigation
 
 
 





home

showroom

new inventory
pre-owned inventory
inventory by brand
inventory by vehicle type
get a quote
financing
get pre-approved
trade in your bike
schedule test ride
contact us
manufacturer promotions
polaris® off-road vehicles



dealer info

about us
map & hours
employment
news
contact us



guaranteed service

service department
service appointments



parts & accessories

parts department
parts request




customers

helpful resources
read testimonials
submit a testimonial
north carolina atv riding areas
sea-doo spark vs yamaha vx
photos


contact us
get pre-approved





team charlotte motorsports

3004 freedom dr
 charlotte, nc 28208
us

phone: 704.394.7301
email: gm@teamcharlottemotorsports.com

fax:
			704.394.2543


























































previous



next










about team charlotte motorsports
it's a great day at team charlotte motorsports




serving the carolina's since 1974, team charlotte motorsports is charlotte's go to powersports dealer and the oldest franchised dealer! with almost 50,000 square feet and over 450 motorcycles, scooters, dirt bikes, side by sides, personal watercraft and atv’s in stock, we have the selection you are looking for, all built and ready to ride.
looking for a new honda, kawasaki,kayo, suzuki, or yamaha? we've got you covered! we are not a catalog dealer, we stock them deep so you have the selection you want. looking for that perfect pre-owned motorcycle? we've got that for you with over 100 pre-owed motorsports products inspected and certified and ready to roll. from aprilia and ducati to harley-davidson®, and triumph, we have the pre-owned unit you are looking for.
anyone can be big but it takes time and quality to build experience and we have the experience! with combined management experience of over 100 years in the motorcycle business no one around comes close. we have to have that kind of experience, so we can make sure you get the service you deserve.
we have the best deals, the largest selection and a truly professional and experienced staff. so call, email or just stop by to find out why people from all over the southeast have made us their dealer for over 40 years.

the service you receive is just as important as the motorcycle you purchase. no one can offer you the service experience that team charlotte motorsports can. our service department offers over 20,000 square feet under roof with all inside storage for your prized motorcycle, scooter, or atv. 
our factory certified technicians guarantee the fastest turnaround possible. with 11 bays to serve you along with over 7000 square feet in parts and accessories you will be back on the road before you know it. fast, professional service at the price you deserve only at team charlotte motorsports.
we know you need the parts and want the accessories. so we have them here for you with over 7000 square feet just in parts and accessories. our parts and accessories showroom alone is as large as some complete dealerships. we pride ourselves not only on the size but we are experienced riders and experts in the industry. with this kind of size and volume no one can beat our selection or price.  we
stock nearly 500 helmets from the top manufactures - stop in and try one on today! we've got the best deals on tires and we keep them in stock so they are ready to mount and roll today. if it's a jacket for the heat or the cold we have it here and ready to cover you today. as a factory authorized dealer for the major manufactures we are here for your parts needs today. no one in north carolina can come close to getting you on the road today like team charlotte motorsports. come see us today!
team charlotte motorsports carries top brands like honda, kawasaki, yamaha, aprilia, moto guzzi, kayo and suzuki at great prices. proudly serving the carolina's and shipping nationwide. we strive to always have a great selection available.  we also have great financing options. our service department specializes in repair and maintenance for motorcycles, scooters, atv's, utility vehicles, and personal watercraft. we pride ourselves on giving our customers the best deals, the best service, and the best selection. team charlotte motorsports is conveniently located near the areas of charlotte, concord, rock hill, matthews, monroe, asheville, columbia, gastonia, fayetteville and raleigh.




about













contact us





3004 freedom dr
charlotte, nc 28208
phone: 704.394.7301
fax: 704.394.2543
map & directions







quick links





new inventory
pre-owned inventory
get financed
parts department
customer testimonials







hours





tues. - fri. 9:30am - 6:00pm
saturday 9:30am - 5:00pm
sun. - mon. gone riding

service hours








facebook
(opens in new window)





instagram
(opens in new window)




policy |
					privacy |
					terms |
					site map

copyright© 2025 dealer spike all rights reserved


dealer spike (opens in new window)




















































