


klamath basin water crisis




 klamathbasincrisis.org - klamath basin water crisis











 











					2001               
					

                  
					1905 tule lake

             
					2000



					 

					 

					 




 


            		 



					voices
            		of the 
					klamath river basin
			resource users -
            		farmers, ranchers, miners
            		loggers, indians and  fishermen 

					 
					 
					
 







wildlife and farmland 

					president of california waterfowl 
					association ph. 
					d. robert mclandress, , uc davis ecology: 




"there are (433) species of wildlife here; 
					the (biological) opinion deals with three." 
					     

					here in the pacific flyway, klamath basin is "...the most 
					important waterfowl area in north america..." waterfowl eat 
					"...70 
					million pounds of food here...," and more than half comes from 
					the farms.  


here for 
					audio.
    




you shall know 
			the truth, and the truth will set you free. john 8:32



"with god all things are 
			possible"  
matthew 19:26








about us




support kbc





table of contents


weather, 
                        flows, maps        


search
 











 kbc 
							news webpages





							$20,000 reward - 


jerry 
							mckoen





							science






oregon senator linthicum
							



oregon 
							rep reschke 




ca. u.s 
							congressman doug lamalfa







































































































































































former 


oregon 
							
							senator whitsett





former 
							oregon
							rep gail whitsett






tom mallams, former klamath 
							county commissioner




calif. 
							u.s. congress-man tom mcclintock




							or. 

u.s. 
							congressman greg walden





							adjudication




agenda 
							21, the big 
							picture





							archives






agriculture 
							including illegal marijuana





elaine 
							willman-tribal  
							info,   tribal corruption, cera,   
							spreading tribalism


 biden
							 nt 
							biden




bills 
							and laws,  litigation  
							
court decisions, 
							legislation





bi-state alliance





							biofuel, ethanol,   energy, 
							hydropower,   renewable, 
							batteries 





							bureau 
							of reclamation




california





cdfg





climate engineering/chemtrails





chiloquin dam, suckers





columbia and snake rivers





							connections




conservation and wetlands




crops, products and livestock




dam destruction





klamath dams





discussion forum





							easements, trusts, 
							land acquisitions





economics





environmentalists & groups   
							(the nature conservancy)





							energy, renewable, ethanol and biofuel





epa





esa endangered species act





farm bill




							farm labor - immigrants 





farmer fisherman alliance





fish die-offs





							fishermen & fish





							frankenfish monsanto





							floods





							forests and logging, 
							and fire





faqs and facts





food imported





freedom





galleries





global warming/climate change





							grazing
							/ bundys&hammonds





groundwater and waterbank





							guns





							history





							homesteaders / settlers





							indians





japanese vs tulelake 
							controversy




							jefferson





							kbra / klamath basin    restoration 
							agreement





george soros and the kbra





kid klamath irrigation 
							district



klamath 

hearings    and 
							speeches 





							klamath river compact




klamath summit




krrc klamath river renewal 
							corporation / dam destruction company




kwapa




kwua partners with tribes





klamath river & tributaries




lake levels & river flows





links





medicine lake






military / 
							veterans





							miners




national monuments





negotiations: indians, farmers
							   and kbrt 
							2003-2007




nepa




population, ownership and    
							development




obama




oregon





people




pcffa





photo stories




poetry




power, dams, energy




prayer page




property & water rights




public land




refuges in klamath basin




regulations





							science




scientific misconduct




klamath settlement / kbra





sheriffs 
							for the constitution





siskiyou county district 5




solutions




students




water storage, including long 
							lake and barnes ranch





							store



song-kill 
							the land




stats




tid crops report




							trump




tulelake irrigation district    
							and tid well reports




tour klamath project 
							transcript




project irrigation primer




tribal forest 



							tour:  
							transcript





							unintended consequences




united nations & agenda 21




upper klamath webpage





							whose who





wildlife and farms, 2001 audio





water bank & groundwater





water quality





water management and 
							allocation  





weather / floods &
							
      water forecast





							wilderness / wildlands    on land and 
							sea





wolves and other predators








					kbc news





						"silence in the face of evil is itself evil. god will 
						not hold us guiltless. not to speak is to speak. not to 
						act is to act." 


						dietrich bonhoeffer - christian pastor executed by nazi 
						germany 1945

***klamath 
						dam removal, kbra, current and failed agreements, 
						related articles, letters, videos, press releases, 
						documents, and  
who's who


						kbc's 
						krrc / klamath river 
						renewal corporation (dam destruction group) page
!!! 
						for more up-to-date klamath basin news and discussions, 
						join 
 
						klamath basin crisis facebook page 
						______________________________________________________________________________

						 

ruling: 
						federal contract controls non-federal klamath water 
						diversions
						capital press, posted to kbc 2/1/25. 

						"the u.s. bureau of reclamation can restrict a 
						non-federal water diversion under its contract with the 
						klamath drainage district, according to a federal 
						appeals court..." 





						klamath water users and bureau of reclamation agree to 
						new programs funds, $33m and $17m, kwua, posted to 
						kbc 2/1/25.
						"the dra, which operates a voluntary program to assist 
						with chronic water shortage for irrigation in the 
						klamath project, would receive $33 million over the next 
						few years to supplement that program with new, 
						longer-term measures...'we 
						expect the program will include three-to-five-year 
						contracts with producers for voluntary land idling, but 
						with the ability to rotate the idled land in an 
						operation,'...reclamation also intends to allocate an 
						additional $17 million of ira funds for programs that it 
						would pursue. these potential permanent reductions of 
						water demand for land not in commercial agricultural 
						production..."



						u.s. house passes bentz legislation benefitting klamath 
						farmers, kwua, posted to kbc 2/1/25. 

						"under the legislation, federal agencies would not be 
						allowed to pass on the costs of operating or maintaining 
						keno and link river dams, infrastructure built and 
						formerly operated by pacificorp, which are not being 
						removed...the legislation would also provide the 
						authority and tools needed for keeping a promise that 
						upstream migration of salmon and steelhead would not 
						impose new regulatory burdens by providing a mechanism 
						for the bureau of reclamation to install and pay for 
						costly measures such as fish screens that would not 
						otherwise be needed.."

interior 
						dept. grants $46m for klamath basin restoration, 
						posted to kbc 12/3/24, including barnes ranch 
						acquisition for birds and suckers, not water storage, 
						and 90,000 acres gifted to klamath tribes.
both have previously been opposed by the 
						public in letters and polls.
						

here for scientists' opposition 
						and letters of opposition by the klamath basin 
						communities, water districts and public officials.
						
"...the service is investing a total of $162 million 
						over five years to restore the klamath region's 
						ecosystem and repair local economies...will secure 
						reliable water for the national wildlife refuges, 
						advance the restoration of salmon post dam removal, 
						address water quality and conveyance issues, and ..."
						$13 million will be used to complete restoration of the 
						agency-barnes wetland units of upper klamath national 
						wildlife refuge and... covering 14,356 acres, the 
						restored wetland will create vital habitat for 
						waterfowl, federally endangered lost river and shortnose 
						suckers, and other species, making it one of the largest 
						wetland restoration initiatives in the united states.
						klamath keystone initiative, "...$31 
						million as part of an agreement, commonly known as the 
						“mazama funds,” that will allow the klamath tribes to 
						acquire nearly 90,000 acres of private land...(usfws) 
						deployed $26 million from the bipartisan infrastructure 
						law in fiscal year 2022 for klamath basin restoration 
						projects, including nearly $16 million for ecosystem 
						restoration projects in the basin and $10 million to 
						expand the klamath falls national fish hatchery to raise 
						juvenile endangered suckers (c’waam and koptu)." 

kbc note: 
after 
						the klamath reclamation project water was entirely shut 
						off in 2001 and barnes ranch was promoted, the nation's 
						best available science was engaged:
according 
						to dr william lewis, chairman of the national research 
						council: flooding more ag land won't produce more 
						suckers and won't improve klamath lake water 
						quality. also it will raise lake temperatures and 
						evaporate more water than it can store.  
						higher than historic river flows won't help salmon, 
						lower flows didn't kill salmon. nrc: "the 
						water shutoff was unjustified." 

the new deal would 
						"secure water reliable water for the national wildlife 
						refuges." however the recent biological assessment 
						mandates denying much water to irrigators, obliterating 
						our water rights.  
						the barnes ranch acquisition, initially proposed as 
						water storage for klamath project,
						
						was opposed by klamath irrigation district, 
						scientists, representatives, and the public. as with 
						other promises of storage, this acquisition is presently 
						touted as another "restored wetland." 


fyi 



97,160 acres of agricultural land 
                have been converted into wetlands from ag as primary water usage
            
            (above klamath lake).  wetlands 
						use nearly 2ce as much water as ag lands. most of these 
						acquisitions were sold to the public as "water storage 
						for irrigation" and (warm) water to help endangered 
						suckers






finding refuge              
							 


									article by klamath irrigation district executive 
							director gene souza, posted 11/6/24 
"i returned home in 2019 after being gone for 
							nearly 30 years...in 2021, the “everglades of the 
							west” were dryer than the sands of ninewah or 
				arghandab, areas in 
							which i served during my military career...   
							to what purpose was water being denied from the 
							ecosystem, the farmers, the wildlife, and the 
							refuges? 
							why is a federal government 3000 miles away 
							destroying our homeland and inflicting losses on its 
							people?  i will be asked to help and hinder the 
							fabric of the american dream
 and to undermine the foundation of national security - food security..."
							 










							     
							



 




9/13/24 -
						
						we klamath project irrigators have less than 2 weeks, 
						mid-harvest, to 
						comment 
						on the bureau's draft biological assessment which, we've 
						heard, will be the end of the klamath project.
						deadline october 2, 2024!
klamath irrigation 
						district august 12 newsletter.  

klamath 
						irrigation district 
											anticipates early-mid september 
											conflict (illegal water shutoffs) with reclamation's 2024 
											operations plan

reclamations proposed 5-year action 
											would significantly reduce water 
											allocations, expected foreclosures, 
						decimated ecosystem...
"my 
																			research 
																			indicates 
																			that 
																			the 
																			thanks 
																			for 
																			this 
																			action 
																			are 
																			directly 
																			tied 
																			to 
																			the 
																			department 
																			of 
																			interiors 
																			senior 
																			solicitor, 
																			robert 
																			(bob) 
																			anderson, 
																			who 
																			has 
																			been 
																			involved 
																			in 
																			klamath 
																			issues 
																			since 
																			at 
																			least 
																			the 
																			clinton 
																			administration, 
																			scott 
																			bergstrom, 
																			also 
																			with 
																			the 
																			department 
																			of 
																			interior 
																			and 
																			is 
																			directly 
																			responsible 
																			for 
																			the 
																			processing 
																			of 
																			payment 
																			for 
																			heavily 
																			biased 
																			flow 
																			models 
																			between 
																			1996 
																			and 
																			2006 
																			which 
																			has 
																			further 
																			promoted 
																			the 
																			destruction 
																			of 
																			agriculture 
																			since 
																			the 
																			mid-1990s, 
																			department 
																			of 
																			justice's 
																			natural 
																			resources 
																			attorney 
																			todd 
																			snoddgrass 
																			who 
																			continues 
																			to 
																			misrepresent 
																			and 
																			mislead 
																			judges 
																			as 
																			to 
																			the 
																			water-right 
																			issues 
																			at 
																			hand 
																			which 
																			are 
																			outside 
																			the 
																			discretion 
																			of 
																			reclamation's 
																			obligations 
																			under 
																			the 
																			endangered 
																			species 
																			act, 
																			and 
																			his 
																			partner 
																			in 
																			crime 
																			robert 
																			williams..."


						dr. thomas hardy, for additional reading:
						bia 
						funded hardy contracts to pay $1m+ for "science," 
						working for doi bob anderson: dr. thomas hardy 
						(utah state university): there is some confusion why the 
						department of justice (doj) is involved. i was already 
						under contract with doj, they used an existing contract. 
						but i work for mr. anderson and the bureau of indian 
						affairs (bia)." 
hardy was paid well over $1 million to represent bia 
						in adjudication and science reports for the klamath 
						river tribes vs klamath project irrigators, used to set 
						lake levels and river flows to benefit the tribes.
 




						removing klamath river dams caused more harm than good 
						by joan f. riker, the former ceo and president of 
						klamath consulting service, inc. 
						"if any of you have seen photos of the klamath river 
						below copco 1 and 2 and iron gate, you may cry with me 
						for the devastation their removal has done to the 
						environment, to the ecosystem, to the animals, to the 
						fish and the fishermen, to the farmers and to the people 
						who live there (including those of native american 
						heritage)....all of the native americans were duped by 
						the environmental info they were given. my heart breaks 
						for them. klamath consulting service, inc. worked for 
						the klamath tribe over several years to improve fish 
						habitat, and we had some good projects..." 
 

klamath 
						basin wildlife refuges battle suspected botulism and 
						bird flu outbreak, "...thousands of 
						birds..." have died. 
jefferson public radio 
						8/17/24. 
"in 
						a response to kwua’s july letter, karl stock, regional 
						director for the california-great basin region at the 
						bureau of reclamation, wrote that “‘flow through’ may 
						have potential to improve project operations and 
						ecosystem health in the future,” but that the proposal 
						needed more analysis."



						klamath basin waterfowl in peril as recently restored 
						wetlands on national refuges denied water h&n 
						8/13/24. followed by comments from klamath basin 
						crisis facebook page. bq "...there's 
						a lot of water in upper klamath lake evaporating away...where 
						are the real waterfowl managers. it would have been 
						better to leave it dry."


						gs 
						"...we 
						have also introduced many options for the federal 
						government to adopt a "flow-through" model to mitigate 
						these effects...we have been ignored.."



						a conversation with gene souza, manager of kid
						by brian gailey, kwua director of communications for 
						basin ag news 6/26/24


"our 
						national security is based upon strong agricultural 
						resources. the enemies of our nation and our 
						constitution are attacking our agricultural strength on 
						numerous fronts. many don’t understand the link between 
						food sovereignty and freedom. 


						"...biggest challenge kid has faced?" "i 
						was unprepared for a civilian role in which the 
						bureaucracies do not answer to congress... i was 
						routinely on a time crunch to answer congressional 
						inquiries while performing my military duties; these 
						bureaucracies don’t seem to be responsive to our elected 
						representatives..."


< 
						executive director klamath irrigation district/kid



						bureau of reclamation's illegal plans for klamath 
						project irrigators 2024, klamath irrigation district 
						executive director gene souza responds to inquiry, 5/4/2024, "we 
						at kbc asked gene souza, klamath irrigation district/kid 
						executive director,
"gene 
						souza, 
						will this be like a recent year when the bureau 
						illegally denied us farmers our stored irrigation water, 
						bribed us $$$$$$$ to commit to fallowing our fields, 
						then said if a district sued the bureau, they would deny 
						all the farmers in all the districts their promised 
						fallow payment. ???? is that what's happening this year 
						again?"  souza: "...yes, 
						reclamation has indicated it will make $8.5 million or 
						so available for a demand reduction program in 2024. 
						this is approximately $4-6 million short of being able 
						to pay mortgages, weed control, equipment loans, seed 
						loss, etc given the amount of water reclamation has 
						stated they intend to release to farmers this year..."


federal 
						energy regulatory commission / ferc letter to klamath 
						dam destruction group. posted to kbc 4/27/24. "according 
						to mr. sean iiams’ march 27, 2024 email to ms. elisabeth 
						jacquot-matt of this office, kiewit has aborted the 
						iron gate development drilling program in its entirety 
						negating the requirement for the dpp. ...we remind 
						you that you may not proceed with exploratory drilling 
						in any of the project embankments without prior 
						authorization from this office...we cannot authorize the 
						iron gate dam removal at this time based on the above 
						comments." (note we have not been able to locate the 
						attachments)



kbrc - indian farmer 
						klamath basin restoration collaboration 2024, memorandum 
						of understanding. "the 
						purpose of this memorandum of understanding (mou) is to 
						recognize a partnership among the klamath tribes, yurok 
						tribe, karuk tribe, and klamath water users association 
						(kwua)...to collaborate and cooperate on efforts in the 
						klamath basin (basin) in support of their common 
						goals...sustainability and resilience for the basin, its 
						communities, fisheries, and tribal trust..."



						klamath water users association draft restoration 
						projects and activities within the klamath project 
						2/5/24.


						newsom announces strategy to help salmon populations, 
						cfbf, posted to kbc 2/28/24. 

						“many of the strategy actions—from dedicated habitat to 
						dam removal and ecosystem flows—require the 
						participation of private landowners and water rights 
						holders....other 
						efforts include developing minimum instream flows and a 
						long-term management plan for the scott and shasta 
						rivers in siskiyou county..." 




						the klamath river, a dam shame, 
guest editorial by carol 
						lovegren miller, posted to kbc 2/19/24. "years 
						ago, a pacific power employee told me they were ordered 
						to quit lifting their gates annually to release sediment 
						behind the umpqua dams for fear it would adversely 
						affect spawning...odot’s sanding on snowy highways along 
						rivers has been reduced for fear that sand washing into 
						the river will clog spawning grounds. yet releasing a 
						100 years’ of sediment accumulated behind four klamath 
						dams all at once is not supposed to be a problem for 
						spawning salmon?"


mulholland’s 
						ghost and the klamath river the 
						los angeles assault on the water resources of the west,
						2/4/24 


by william 
						simpson ii.


						"...the life-giving waters of copco and iron gate lakes 
						have been drained.  and the dams that were created for 
						the greater good of the vast majority of millions of 
						americans in several counties and two states are being 
						demolished, unleashing an environmental and 
						socioeconomic disaster of epic proportions!...in 
						’50 years on the klamath’, mr. boyle outlined a scheme 
						from 1948 to send water from the klamath basin to the 
						san joaquin valley california....ever 
						wonder why the last few california governors want to 
						build a $-billion dollar tunnel (first the twin tunnel, 
						then mono-tunnel) under the sacramento delta to connect 
						the lower sacramento river to the california aqueduct? 
						what do they know?..."






								"there are now extremely serious infrastructure 
								and national security lenses through which we 
								should re-examine this (klamath dam destruction) 
								project,"


								by ric costales, former logger and siskiyou 
								county natural resource policy 

								specialist, 1/30/24


ric and judy 
								costales clearing dead trees from their property
ric costales
copco lake before 
								copco dam 
								destruction last week
copco lake after krrc 
								destroyed the dam and drained the lake: 8 deer 
								drowned in the sludge








photo by chrissie 
								ishida reynolds


photo from chrissie ishida 
								reynolds facebook post



 




						the dark side of klamath dam "renewal" part 2, a local 
						perspective by chrissie ishida reynolds 1/28/24. 
						"at 1:13 this afternoon i got a call from my 77 year old 
						neighbor, al. two deer were stuck in the mud near his 
						house..."
 
 
 

 



						< rex cozzalio


klamath dam demolition 
						places "...the 
						entire burden of public/private loss, cost, and 
						environmental devastation upon the most affected 
						unrepresented ratepayers, taxpayers, and regional 
						residents…” 

						rex cozzalio, 3rd generation hornbrook 
						rancher by irongate dam, comments on article, where our 
						energy comes from: klamath river by 

						oregon citizens’ utility board (cub)

 
 

<
						siskiyou county water users 
						association richard marshall



there are 5000 victims of klamath hydroelectric 
						dam destruction’s illegal and unconstitutional 
						mitigation fund; they are being ignored by 

energy and commerce 
						committee, 
						klamath dam demolition group krrc, and state and county 
						reps. 
						they need your letters of support. 1/16/24
 
 





lives 
									and livelihoods are being decimated with 
									klamath river dam destruction, the great 
									american experiment



“lies, deception, and broken 
									promises…many are too old, poor, or ill to 
									'participate' in krrc's sham”
by 
									rex cozzalio, 3rd generation hornbrook 
									rancher on the klamath river at irongate, 
									1/4/24

a few quotes: “i believe that 
									the current lakefront owners 
									will be restricted from access to the river 
									across the drained lakebed...krrc  pitting 
									residents against each other...non-existent 
									'public inclusion...take it or leave it 
									partial mitigation 'agreements' with 
									conditional demands requiring non-disclosure...
krrc waiver of any further future 
									liability by them for failures in both their 
									'mitigation' assessments and all 'other' 
									damages...no accountability...claim…it 
									'illegal' to use their limited 'public 
									funds' to mitigate 'property value losses...mcmillen 
									hasn't contacted me since before 
									thanksgiving regarding …'temporary' 
									irrigation replacement they are supposed to 
									provide…"


									letter from krrc/klamath dam destruction 
									group, to local property owners near the 
									dams: background and schedule of 
									demolition, posted to kbc 1/3/24. "...after 
									reservoir drawdown, the renewal corporation 
									will not allow public access to the newly 
									exposed lands (including walking, driving, 
									or any other means) in 2024..."

(kbc: 
									the largest dam destruction in the world: 
									the great american experiment)
									

									comforting words include "key 
									engineering challenges, inherent complexity 
									and risk, expected to, no way to control the 
									flow, contractors will attempt to, krrc 
									expects, test the gates...never occurred, in 
									the event the gates on the diversion tunnel 
									fail to open, the expectation, anticipated, 
									could occur, presumably to ensure, 
									hope...fish will return, could...cause 
									downstream flooding, potential large runoff 
									event, advocated, likely")
									





									big things going down on the klamath river: 
									undamming a river, challenges and 
									opportunities, 

by moss 
									driscoll, klamath water users association 
									director of water policy, herald and news 
									basin ag news 12/2023. "...early 
									in the planning process, krrc negotiated a 
									“guaranteed maximum price” of $197 million 
									for the bulk of the work with its lead 
									contractor, kiewet corporation. (including 
									kiewet’s part, the total anticipated cost of 
									dam removal is $500 million.) ...from the 
									initial sediment jetting and the subsequent 
									drawdown of copco lake and iron gate 
									reservoir, current estimates are that 
									between 1.2 and 1.8 million cubic yards of 
									sediment will be released into the klamath 
									river....."



									court filings reveal secret agreement 
									between biden admin, eco groups seeking to 
									tear down (columbia river dams) key power 
									source.' the u.s. government chose for 
									months to hold secret negotiations and 
									refused to share any details with us,' lead 
									industry groups say in joint statement, by 
									thomas catenacci, fox news 11/29/23
 




 "...multiple 
										government and private reports have 
										determined that breaching the dams would 
										have a dramatic negative impact on 
										energy production, climate 
										goals and 
										transportation in washington.


									the dams were constructed in the 1960s and 
									1970s by the u.s. army corps of engineers 
									primarily to ensure the snake river was 
									passable for barge transportation. however, 
									since then, the main benefit has been their 
									reliable clean energy output. they still 
									provide about 8% of the state's electricity, 
									enough to serve millions of residents, and 
									have a large total capacity of 3,000 
									megawatts...the river system notably feeds 
									the largest u.s. wheat export 
									gateway...aided by the dams, barges 
									traveling along the columbia river system 
									carry about 60% of washington's annual wheat 
									exports and a staggering 40% of the nation's 
									total wheat production."
 





						is this recent theft of 70,000 acre feet by usfws the 
						end of klamath reclamation project irrigation water 
						rights?  rule of law? 


						major enlargement of upper klamath lake approved, 
						kwua newsletter, posted to kbc 11/4/23. 
						"...barnes/agency project will increase the capacity of 
						the ukl by approximately 70,000 acre-feet... resulting 
						in the ukl expanding to cover an additional 13,443 acres 
						beyond its current area..." 
(note: 
one acre irrigated ag land uses 
                              approximately 2 to 2½ acre feet (af) water. one 
                              acre wetlands uses 4 to 4½ af water. wetlands use 
                              over 2ce as much water as ag lands.)
						kwua: "...credible parties believe that the project 
						will have important benefits for water quality, habitat 
						for endangered suckers and other aquatic species, and 
						bird populations. irrigation water users in the klamath 
						project are supportive of all those things..."
my question to kwua: who are these "credible 
						parties"?? 
 “the 
						national research council (nrc) is the operating arm of 
						the united states national academies of sciences, 
						engineering, and medicine and is overseen by a governing 
						board that consists of councilors from each of the three 
						academies.”


						it is the most prestigious science team in america. 


dr. 
						william m. lewis, jr, chair, national research council 
						committee on endangered and threatened fishes in the 
						klamath river basin (2001-2003), attended february 
						3, 2004, at a doi sponsored klamath science workshop in 
						klamath falls. he spoke regarding the nrc conclusions 
						on suckers, lake level and river flow management, and 
						expanding ukl to lower ph levels and help suckers.
"lewis explained that the suckers 
                            were listed since 1988 because of over harvest.  
                            they stopped fishing in '87 but they did not 
                            recover. the lake has gone from 3' range under 
                            natural conditions to experiencing 6' deep in 
                            current dry years. with charts and graphs he showed 
                            the habitat and water quality, algae and 
                            chlorophyll. he said that the committee looked 
                            extensively at water levels, and they find 'no hint 
                            of a relationship'. he also said that there was no 
                            relationship between lower water levels and extreme 
                            ph levels. and "the committee cannot support the 
                            idea that water levels effect algae growth.' "it can 
                            not be achieved by lake levels." '92 was the lowest 
                            water year, and they expected it to be the least 
                            favorable for fish. 'the lowest water year produced 
                            the same amount of larvae as other years."...he explained that clear lake does 
                            not have the habitat that scientists are trying to 
                            create in the upper basin for suckers, yet clear 
                            lake has stable populations of healthy 
                            suckers..."these have all the characteristics we 
                            want in recovered population.  we have to 
                            protect these populations."...lewis was asked about making more 
                            wetlands for suckers, and he responded that there 
                            are 17,000 acres of restoration already. he 
                            cautioned that we shouldn't put too much faith into wetlands 
                            regarding the suppression of algae...he added that we should not 
                            count on retiring agricultural land land for saving 
                            suckers...jacob kann, ecologist and scientist for 
						klamath basin rangeland trust (obrt president is 
						presently on krrc klamath dam destruction board), 
						insisted that timing and flows are related to the ph 
						levels. lewis responded that the water is always ph 
						loaded, "the increase doesn't matter if it's always been 
						saturated"... when asked if it would work to control the 
						significant part of the ph load, lewis responded that 
						the lake is 140 square miles...that is not feasible to 
						change... looking at the data, water level 
                            management just does not line up."

						http://klamathbasincrisis.org/science/sciencewkshop020304.htm


						again, kwua, who are these "credible parties"? 


here are links to kbc's collection of documents, 
						tours, letters concerning adding barnes ranch to the 
						previously acquisitions of irrigated ag land with the 
						empty promise of more storage for klamath irrigators.
						
						2/3/04 klamath science workshop notes:
						
						http://klamathbasincrisis.org/science/sciencewkshop020304.htm

						barnes ranch articles, letters, testimonies, and 
						documents:
						
						http://klamathbasincrisis.org/0kbcbarnesandstoragetoc.htm

letters written regarding barnes ranch land 
						acquisition 2005 by scientists, farmers, 
						representatives:

						http://klamathbasincrisis.org/storage/barnesletters061305.htm

tour of the 
                            nature conservancy 
                            and government land acquisitions,
                            barnes ranch purchase questioned:

						http://klamathbasincrisis.org/0kbctnchatfield071603.htm 


						over  94,539 acres of agricultural land has been taken 
						out of production above klamath lake with the promise by 
						conservancies to create 'more water to go around'.  more 
						was taken out of production last year


						letter regarding barnes ranch acquisition for "storage" 
						by dr. ken rykbost, retired as superintendent of the 
						oregon state university klamath experiment and 
						professor, department of crop and soil science 

						4/18/05:
						
						http://klamathbasincrisis.org/storage/rykboststudy041805.htm


<photo 
						brent cheyne, president of national association of wheat 
						growers



						fighting for farmers: brent cheyne advocates as nawg 
						president amid klamath water crisis, capital press, 
						posted to kbc 10/26/23. "...cheyne worries about what 
						the future holds. as more water is set aside for 
						endangered fish in the klamath river and upper klamath 
						lake, less is available for farms and wildlife refuges 
						that bring in up to 1 million migratory birds each year 
						along the pacific flyway...the u.s. bureau of 
						reclamation, which controls the flow of water, has 
						allocated 260,000 acre-feet from upper klamath lake for 
						irrigators. that still only satisfies about two-thirds 
						of full demand, but a big improvement over the last two 
						years. last year, reclamation initially approved 50,000 
						acre-feet before increasing the allotment to 82,253 
						acre-feet later in the summer. in 2021, water was shut 
						off entirely. the effects...have been devastating."



						ruling on multiple water rights lawsuits favor 
						endangered species
						magistrate's decision goes against reclamation and 
						project...klamath drainage district,
						
h&n, posted to kbc 
						10/27/23. "...the 
						bureau of reclamation filed a suit against klamath 
						drainage district for diverting flows from the klamath 
						river in 2021. kdd general manager scott white said the 
						district was allowed to divert water in years when the 
						klamath project received insufficient water to provide 
						allocations to kdd under a state permitted use granted 
						in 1977. “since the right was permitted, it was treated 
						as a private and separate right to any project 
						allocation,” white said. “during times of shortage, the 
						bureau would inform the district that there was no more 
						project water available and that the district must use 
						its permit to continue irrigating. that was how 
						operations worked since the ‘70s and just until last 
						year when the united states changed their mind and sued 
						us.”

reclamation 
						backtracks, won't curtail klamath project water, 
						capital press sept 
						5, 2023. "in 
						its most recent biological opinion for lost river and 
						shortnose suckers — also known as c’waam and koptu by 
						the klamath tribes — the u.s. fish and wildlife service 
						required upper klamath lake be kept at 4,138 feet of 
						elevation by sept. 30...however, 
						reclamation boosted that level up to 4,139.2 feet in its 
						2023 operations plan. the increase was based on a 
						lawsuit filed by the yurok tribe and two nonprofit 
						fishing groups.."













						klamath project irrigators might lose remaining water 
						allocation, h&n, kbc 8/26/23. "klamath 
						project irrigators may lose what remains of the promised 
						water supply...crops 
						are already in the ground, and irrigators in the project 
						are depending on that water...you’ve 
						got people with big investments in these crops, and the 
						potential of having that investment along with the crops 
						in the fields just burn up..."




the
										
					river occasionally went dry  
					in the fall before the klamath project was built. 




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































before the 
					klamath irrigation project was built, there were up to 30 feet of water 
					where our farms are now. it was a navigable
										
lake. 
					
that's why on our deeds, signed by us president, we were 
					deeded 2+ acre feet of water for our crops, as all the 
					runoff we pump uphill, at our expense, out of our closed 
					basin and into the klamath river. 
 

						sheriff's office busts marijuana grow operation near 
						beatty, h&n, posted to kbc 10/27/23  "...579 
						marijuana plants - the illegal crop on the 
						black market would have been approximately $3.3 
						million...it is also estimated that 312,660 gallons of 
						water had been used throughout the growing season."



						more than 2,800 marijuana plants destroyed in 2 searches 
						near 
						sprague river, 
						h&n posted to kbc 10/27/23. "deputies 
						found and destroyed 1,907 plants on 10 plots of 
						land...illegal crop was estimated to have been worth 
						more than $11 million...water estimated to have been 
						used was 1,029,000 gallons. a second search conducted on 
						meadow lane, southeast of sprague river,...officers 
						destroyed 908 illegal marijuana plants. ...estimated at 
						about $5.25 million; about 490,000 gallons of water were 
						used."








								in 1996, 


								robert anderson (current 
								interior’s principal deputy solicitor since 
								january 2021) 

								directed the bureau of indian 
					affairs to hire dr. thomas hardy to develop evidence to 
					support the yurok water rights claim in the klamath 
					adjudication. 
								compiled by klamath irrigation district manager 
								gene souza for kid newsletter.


robert 
								anderson nominated as solicitor of the 
								department of the interior

april 7, 2021 


								washington – robert (bob) anderson’s 
								nomination as solicitor of the department of the 
								interior was formally transmitted by the white 
								house to the united states senate today. bob 
								has served as interior’s principal deputy 
								solicitor since january 20, 2021.  
   “bob has extensive legal expertise with regard to native american 
								tribes, public lands, and water – all of which 
								will help advance interior’s mission to steward 
								america's natural, cultural and historic 
								resources and honor our nation-to-nation 
								relationship with tribes in accordance with the 
								spirit and letter of the law. he is a thoughtful 
								and trusted senior member of our team at 
								interior, with my deep confidence, and i look 
								forward to his confirmation process,” said interior 
								secretary deb haaland... 
   for 20 years, bob was a law professor at the university of 
								washington and directed its native american law 
								center. he has been the oneida indian nation 
								visiting professor of law at harvard law school 
								for the past twelve years. he is a co-author and 
								editor of the leading federal indian law 
								treatise, cohen’s handbook of federal indian 
								law, and is a co-author of a leading textbook on 
								american indian law. he has extensive expertise 
								and has published many articles in the fields of 
								natural resources law, water law, and american 
								indian law.   
   bob served as the associate solicitor for indian affairs and 
								counselor to the secretary under interior 
								secretary bruce babbitt. he began his career as 
								a staff attorney for the native american rights 
								fund, where he practiced law for twelve years. 
								bob also served on the transition agency review 
								teams for president-elect obama and 
								president-elect biden. 
   bob grew up in the small town of ely in northeastern minnesota and 
								is an enrolled member of the bois forte band of 
								the minnesota chippewa tribe. bob received his 
								law degree from the university of minnesota.
								----------- --------------------
the top lawyer at the interior
robert anderson 
								’83 contributes his expertise in natural 
								resources and american indian law as solicitor 
								of the u.s. department of the interior...


 
 
 
 
 
 


dr. thomas b. 
								hardy was contracted by the department 
								of justice to establish indian water rights to 
								be an expert witness for (and paid for by) the 
								bureau of indian affairs (bia) in the klamath 
								river adjudication process.  the bia 
								authorized hardy in his 2000 contract 
								$550,086...
								and he received an additional $1.6 million of 
								tax-payer funds between 1996 and 2001


 

 
						<
tens of thousands of acres 
						in the klamath project are not being irrigated this year 
						due to the reduced allocation made by the bureau of 
						reclamation.



						reclamation releases 2023 drought plan, h&n, posted 
						to kbc 8/5/23. "u.s. 
						bureau of reclamation issued what the agency refers to 
						as a “drought plan” for the klamath project, which 
						will require many farmers to stop irrigating before the 
						end of the growing season... "tracey liskey, 
						president of kwua, commented in response to the news. 
						“continued federal mismanagement of water is on full 
						display, drying up farms and refuges and creating 
						unnecessary conflict among the residents of the klamath 
						basin. worse, it is not doing anything at all to help 
						esa-listed species in whose name farms and wildlife are 
						suffering.”
 
 




klamath -
								
								as work begins on the largest us dam removal 
								project, tribes look to a future of growth
by adam 
								beam, ap news, posted to kbc 8/4/23.

preceded by comments by rex cozzalio, a 
								3rd generation hornbrook rancher:
 "the 
								past more than a decade of empirical studies 
								completely refute the 'rewilding' proponent's 
								prior claimed 'benefits' of klamath reservoirs' 
								destruction.  the recent elwha study of dams 
								destruction results confirm it being an absolute 
								environmental disaster, with multiple extirpated 
								species, permanent damages to the river and 
								habitat, and total failure of previously 
								'predicted benefits' asserted by many of the 
								same unaccountable signatories of klamath 
								destruction...."



  
								



 



								the iron gate dam powerhouse and spillway are 
								seen on the lower klamath river near hornbrook, 
								calif, on march 2, 2020. this dam, along with 
								three others on the klamath river, are scheduled 
								to be removed by the end of 2024. crews will 
								work to restore the river and surrounding land.

rex cozzalio, a 
								3rd generation hornbrook rancher. 



 

dam 
						demolition begins on klamath river, capital press, 
						posted to kbc 7/28/23. "...crews 
						recently began demolishing copco 2 — the smallest of the 
						four dams — officially kicking off what has been 
						described as the 
						largest dam removal project in u.s. history...completed 
						in 1925, copco 2 measured 35 feet tall and 278 feet 
						long. it diverted water released from copco 1 into a 
						series of tunnels and penstocks ending at a rectangular 
						powerhouse capable of producing up to 27 megawatts of 
						electricity..."
   according to google: "how many homes will 1 mw power? one 
						megawatt equals one million watts or 1,000 kilowatts, 
						roughly enough electricity for the instantaneous demand 
						of 750 homes at once." 
  kbc note: if 1 mw supplies750 homes, 27 mw supplies 20,250 homes 
						with power. and this is "the smallest of the four dams."
 





						erika ackley: 'i like the independence of farming' 
						by capital press, posted to kbc 7/26/23. "ackley 
						is the owner of copic bay farms, a small hay and cattle 
						operation a couple miles outside newell in northern 
						california. when the hay is ready to be cut, ackley runs 
						the swather. daughter helena, 14, is next in the field 
						with a rake. ackley follows with the baler, and daughter 
						hannah, 16, operates the bale wagon that hauls the bales 
						to the barn.
 
 


						coalition opposes bills to overhaul california water 
						rights rules, cfbf 6/21/23. “...the bills would 
						authorize the state water board to impose punitive 
						penalties on even law-abiding water right holders, 
						curtail water rights in any year and strip entities of 
						their water rights...data trends show water policy 
						decisions, such as california’s 2014 sustainable 
						groundwater management act, affect land values..." 




						u.s. supreme court issues favorable wotus decision in 
						sackett and cites state farm bureaus' amicus brief, 
						california farm bureau federation 6/20/23


u.s. sen. jeff merkley visits klamath falls for annual 
						town hall. h&n, posted to kbc 6/20/23. 

"among 
						his recent efforts, merkley noted the 
$162 million 
						attained for the sake of improving water quality in 
						klamath county lakes." 

kbc note 
						- 
fact:


our country's 
						best available science: dr william lewis jr., university 
                                of colorado, chairman of the national research 
						council, "...was 
						asked about making more wetlands for suckers, and he 
						responded that there are 17,000 acres of restoration 
						already... we should not count on retiring agricultural 
						land land for saving suckers...when asked if it would 
						work to control the significant part of the ph load, 
						lewis responded that the lake is 140 square miles...that 
						is not feasible to change..."  
 




 
 





rex cozzalio, 
								a 

								3rd 
						generation hornbrook rancher, responds to family farm 
								alliance false claims that 

								klamath dams provide no flood control or 
								provision for irrigators,


								5/11/23



								followed by: 


								why support klamath deals? our world needs food 
								by family farm alliance patrick o’toole and dan 
								keppen for the capital press 

								(supporting the kbra/klamath dam destruction 
								agreement.)






						judge won't halt water for klamath project irrigators





by 
						george plaven capital press may 
						11, 2023 "moss 
						driscoll, water policy director for the kwua, said this 
						year's hydrology in the basin is much improved, with up 
						to 200% of normal mountain snowpack.reclamation 
						allocated 215,000 acre-feet of water from upper klamath 
						lake for the 2023 irrigation season on april 13. had the 
						agency followed the interim operations plan, driscoll 
						said officials would have allocated 285,000 acre-feet of 
						water for the project — still short of full demand."



						court hears klamath water case; frustration with lack of 
						reclamation plan for 2023


						klamath water users association news release preceded by 
						kid executive director and manager gene souza comments 
						5/10/23

						 



						 <



judge 


						bob kaster 
						(how 
						homeowners/victims in the path of klamath dam 
						destruction are being ruined. a review of the 
						mitigation fund)


						suppose – a dam frightening tale 

by bob kaster,
						

						retired superior court judge 
						and a long-time yreka resident
"in 
						the front row, henry monroe, who had considered himself 
						to be somewhat of an expert on the klamath mitigation 
						fund, and had been stunned by the way the class 
						discussion had been going, piped up and said, “the kmf 
						website expressly states that public funds “may 
						not be used to compensate property owners for a 
						real or perceived loss in property values that does not 
						involve physical damage.  why does it say that?”


some 
						dam -- hydro news and other stuff
						whistleblower -
						dr. paul r. houser: 
				klamath dam removal holds risks, uncertainties

stanford 
						university july 12, 2012

{kbc 
						note: 
 an 
						article by 
						ethics scientist 
						dr. paul houser, bureau of reclamation’s highest level 
						scientist,
						expert on 
						‘scientific integrity.' houser was

						fired for 
						exposing scientific fraud by interior to destroy 
						klamath river hydroelectric dams} "lynch disagrees with my comment that a more in-depth engineering 
				analysis is needed to assure that iron gate dam is removed 
				safely. my comment was based on an
				eis/eir comment 
				submitted by stephen koshy, who warned that notching the 
				earth-filled iron gate dam may cause it to fail. this 
				concern can be addressed by providing a public response to koshy 
				along with the relevant engineering analyses."



kwua news release:
						
klamath project gets fraction of needed supply; 
						massive river flows anticipated, by moss 
						driscoll 4/17/23. "...in 
						a year that is in the top ten percent in terms of 
						snowpack, with over 180 percent of average currently, 
						and when reclamation expects to release more than 
						590,000 acre-feet of water to the pacific ocean, we have 
						60,000 acres of farmland along with two national 
						wildlife that are likely to go dry this year...the 
						klamath project provides water to roughly 230,000 acres 
						of farms and refuges in northern california and southern 
						oregon. farming in the klamath project produces half a 
						billion dollars in regional economic activity..."


						bureau of reclamation news release: 



						reclamation increases klamath river flows to prevent 
						disease and promote salmon health, 4/17/23. "releases 
						from upper klamath lake through link river dam will 
						increase to 5,300 cubic feet per second the morning of 
						april 19...to a peak of around 6,030 cfs beginning late 
						afternoon on april 19. the peak will last for 72 hours. 
						flows will begin ramping down at link river dam the 
						morning of april 22 and that evening at iron gate dam. 
						the rampdown will last through the end of april."

< 
						kbc news photo 

						of lower klamath national wildlife refuge 4/14/23.  
						our government has dewatered our farms and refuges, even 
						though this year our snowpack is 180% of average. 



						historic investments to benefit klamath basin refuges 
						for future generations, usfws article by elise 
						hillman april 4, 2023. "...in 
						1908, the lower klamath national wildlife refuge was 
						established by president roosevelt as the nation’s first 
						waterfowl refuge. this 46,900-acre refuge provides 
						feeding, resting, nesting and rearing habitat for 
						waterfowl, making it a key stop-over for migrating 
						birds..."




						kwua’s annual meeting hosts record crowd; given 
						disappointing news, h&n basin ag news april 2023. 
						" 
						'i 
						thought in a year with more than 180 percent of 
						snowpack, the (drought response agency) would not need 
						to run a program this year,'  (marc) staunton 
						remarked...'unfortunately, i guess i was wrong.' "



						klamath river: first dam removal is this summer, 
						h&n, posted to bc 4/17/23. 

						“we’re optimistic we can stick to the schedule,” bransom 
						said of removing copco 2 this summer and the other three 
						dams in 2024. 


						chief executive officer krrc mark bransom's
						fiction, rancher rex 
						cozzalio's facts regarding 
						klamath hydroelectric dam destruction "benefits" 
						3/13/23. 

						"



klamath 
						irrigation district manager gene souza speaks to 
						interior secretary haaland and senator merkley at a 
						canal, klamath basin crisis facebook page.




						followed by


						secretary of interior deb haaland meets with klamath 
						project farmers, basin ag news 



						by moss driscoll kwua, posted to kbc 

						4/17/23. souza: "...i 
						am explaining how the water moves through the a canal 
						fish screens, into over 200 miles of canals operated by 
						klamath irrigation district, serving 8 other irrigation 
						and improvement districts, where it is reused up to 7 
						times before being passed through to the tulelake 
						national wildlife refuge where it can be reused in the 
						lower klamath national wildlife refuge by tulelake 
						irrigation district's d plant, and then returned to the 
						klamath river by klamath drainage district with water 
						which is cleaner, with less nitrogen, phosphorus, and 
						other natural nutrients that have been filtered through 
						the farm fields, replicating the natural process once 
						performed by lower klamath lake."

intiso 
						vs. state of california – david vs. goliath? 
						author: bob kaster is 
						a long-time yreka resident and retired superior court 
						judge. published in siskiyou daily news, 
						posted to kbc 4/17/23 
 





						northern california farmers urge officials to drop 
						drought regulations, capital press, posted to kbc 
						4/12/23. 
						posted to kbc 4/12/23. "at a state water resources 
						control board public meeting on april 4, farmers in the 
						valley urged officials to drop an emergency drought 
						regulation that the board put in place last year, saying 
						it is no longer necessary after this winter’s large 
						snowpack.
						we believe that we have been regulated in an 
						unprecedented and unfair manner, and now that we’ve had 
						a very decent winter, that unfair treatment is looking 
						more and more like abuse...”



 






								from siskiyou county water users association 
								april 3, 2023



								notice of hearing regarding klamath dam removal 
								restraining order 


								"the intiso taxpayer lawsuit is 
								rescheduled for a hearing at(sometime 
								in may at courtroom 2, siskiyou county superior 
								court. the request for temporary 
								restraining order against continued funding of 
								the krrc (klamath river renewal 
								corporation). the court is being asked to issue 
								a temporary restraining order pending a trial on 
								the issue of illegal expenditure of funds by the 
								state of california department of natural 
								resources from the 2014 proposition entitled 
								water storage and water quality act. the 
								proposition never mentioned the largest dam 
								removal in history of the world and specifically 
								stated that no funds would be expended on a 
								project which had a adverse impact on a 
								designated “wild and scenic river”. the klamath 
								river is so designated both federally and 
								state. the ferc (federal energy and regulatory 
								commission) in its voluminous eir/ eis 
								specifically states in several hundred places 
								that the removal of the klamath hydroelectric 
								facilities will adversely impact the klamath 
								river for an indefinite period of time.  no 
								specific mitigation measures are listed for the 
								indicated adverse impacts."




< 
						"read 
						the draft literature review of coho biology which 
						counters all of the yurok claims:"
						southern 
						oregon northern california coast coho scientific studies 
						evolutionary significant unit, an independent scientific 
						literature review and biological assessment (based on 
						the best available science) by klamath irrigation 
						district executive director gene souza, august 30, 2022. 
						posted to kbc 4/2/23: "abstract: a 
						comprehensive review of the existing body of science 
						describing the affects of reclamation's klamath project 
						upon the threatened southern oregon northern california 
						coast (soncc) coho evolutionarily significant unit (esu) 
						in the light of 16 united states code, chapter 35: 
						endangered species. created specifically for the 
						examination of the united states bureau of reclamation 
						to address during consultation prior to developing 
						future operations plans for reclamation's klamath 
						project." 


yurok tribe files 
						amended motion 
						to curtail and take control of the klamath reclamation 
						project undermining the klamath 
adjudication, 
						kid newsletter, posted to kbc 4/3/23


 






						klamath river dam removal ecoterrorists' 'restoration' 
						deception by 3rd 
						generation hornbrook rancher rex cozzalio regarding 
						capital press article going natural. 4/2/23
"deceptive 
						as always. implies this 'restoration' will go on for 
						decades. if so, it would have to come from somewhere 
						else, as krrc will essentially do only two attempts at 
						planting, one each year... ...and they will 'irrigate' 
						the 100+ acres out of the 1000 for their considered 
						'critical' areas with water taken out of the klamath 
						river using an as yet unidentified water right. some of 
						the wonderful 'native' plants they are going to plant 
						include poison oak, foxtail, turkey mullein, and 
						numerous other noxious weeds i work out every year to 
						keep out of our property.
director 
						of oregon deq richard whitman, forced to resign, 
						is back



						whitman's destructive historical presence in the klamath 
						basin, including links and articles


						4/1/23.
						whitman was oregon's key negotiator for the klamath 
						basin restoration "agreement"/klamath dam removal, was 
						governor john kitzhaber's natural resources policy 
						director for klamath "stability," 
						acknowledged downriver has no water right, stated owrd 
						will not interfere with sending irrigator's stored water 
						downriver in whitman/yurok agreement, while 
						working for deq praises klamath dam destruction (which 
						will put 20 million cubic yards of toxic sediment down 
						klamath river exterminating any hint of fish, water 
						quality, deep cold water reservoirs, economy, or the 
						successful salmon hatchery). 
						yurok tribe has filed an amended motion to curtail and 
						take control of the klamath reclamation project 
						undermining the klamath adjudication.  


 



chief 
						executive officer krrc mark bransom's
						fiction, rancher rex 
						cozzalio's facts regarding 
						klamath hydroelectric dam destruction "benefits"

						3/13/23. 

						"(negligible) public support...suckers are dying from 
						high lake levels...anadromous salmon were never known in 
						numbers in the upper basin for at least the last 8,000 
						years...impassible reefs would have to be blasted for 
						fish to reach upper basin...further 
						ill-fated mandates against upper basin and klamath 
						watershed resident agricultural production that supports 
						it all..."

						klamath irrigation district document in february 2023 
						newsletter: "analysis of dr. thomas hardy flow studies 
						ph 1 and ph 2 being utilized as the "best available 
						science" for flows in the klamath river to protect the 
						threatened southern oregon northern california coast 
						coho salmon." it includes 
dr. hardy 
						contracts, and payments from bureau of indian affairs,
to develop evidence to support yurok water rights in 
						klamath adjudication and elevated flows. it has 
						curtailed water to klamath reclamation project, and been 
						used to promote destroying klamath hydroelectric dams 
						via kbra/klamath basin restoration agreement. those 
						rejecting hardy's "science" were the national research 
						council which is the best available science in our 
						country, and many unbiased scientists. 80+ % of klamath 
						and siskiyou counties' constituents oppose destruction 
						of klamath dams, the largest dam destruction in the 
						world. posted 3/11/23.   for dr. hardy page, 
						go
						here 

payments 
								to dr. thomas hardy by bia to create testimony 
								for klamath basin adjudication and to curtail 
								water to klamath reclamation project, posted 
								to kbc 3/10/23.

$25,000, $15,608, $79,997, 
								$50,000, $550,860, $115,000 
								......................






								"...bureau of indian affairs (hired) dr. thomas 
								hardy to develop evidence to support the yurok 
								water rights claim in the klamath adjudication." 


 ***


this flawed science is 
								still being used to create high klamath lake 
								levels and klamath river flows, stealing our 
								stored irrigation water.
						klamath irrigation district february 2023 
								newsletter. 


						$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$



						$15 million available for klamath basin restoration 
						projects, h&n, posted to kbc 3/5/23. "up 
						to $15 million is being made available for ecosystem 
						restoration activities that address high-priority 
						klamath basin challenges in southern oregon and northern 
						california by the u.s. fish and wildlife service...the 
						klamath basin set to receive $162 million throughout 
						five years to “restore the regional ecosystem and repair 
						local economies...in 2022, f&ws provided an initial $16 
						million from the bipartisan infrastructure law to fund 
						32 klamath basin ecosystem restoration projects and $10 
						million to expand the klamath falls national fish 
						hatchery, which will increase rearing capacity and help 
						prevent the extinction of two federally listed species 
						endemic, shortnose and lost river sucker fish, to the 
						klamath basin..." kbc note: so for the past 2 
						years the bor/bureau of reclamation dewatered/decimated 
						our farms and wildlife refuges (which hosted 433 species 
						of wildlife) to supposedly save two species of suckers. 
						this was after they spent more than $3m to lure caspian 
						terns/fish predators to tule lake refuge because the 
						terns 



















                  		in the columbia river were consuming approximately 6 
						million to 25 million salmonid smolts per year. somehow 
						now our baby suckers are disappearing??   http://klamathbasincrisis.org/refuges/refugestoc.htm. 
						so the bor steals irrigators' stored water to 'save the 
						suckers.'
   klamath basin received $10 million for a fish hatchery for 
						suckers to " 
help prevent the extinction of two federally listed 
						species," 
						however, they will rip out the klamath river fish 
						hatchery for salmon because the tribes, 
						government agencies and ngos said that hatchery fish 
						aren't as good as wild fish. so the tribes, government 
						agencies and ngos excuse to demolish the klamath river 
						hydro dams is supposedly to keep the salmon from going 
						extinct, despite the millions of salmon being produced 
						in the hatchery that they will rip out.
						
						$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$



						klamath tribes file notice to sue government (to take 
						klamath farmers' stored water, and yurok tribes is 
						challenging too), capital press, posted to kbc 
						3/5/23. "klamath 
						tribes filed a 60-day notice of intent to sue the bureau 
						of reclamation on jan. 30, arguing the agency is failing 
						to meet minimum water requirements in upper klamath lake 
						for c’waam and koptu — two species of critically 
						endangered sucker fish. at the same time, the yurok 
						tribe in northern california is also challenging 
						reclamation’s latest water proposal to protect salmon in 
						the lower klamath river. the result could be that little 
						to no project water is available for irrigators this 
						summer, leaving thousands of acres of productive 
						farmland dry."





						oregon should try cloud seeding, 
followed by:
						


						oregon senator wants state to investigate cloud seeding 
						to alleviate drought, 
						capital press view, posted to kbc 3/5/23. "idaho, 
						which has had a successful cloud seeding program for 20 
						years, has boosted the snowpack in four river basins by 
						10% to 12%. that in turn boosted the state’s river flows 
						by 1.24 million acre-feet."
 


						ferc order granting extension of time to file certified 
						copies of all instruments of conveyance, to krrc, 
						pacificorp, oregon, california, posted to kbc 2/23/23. 
 


change 
						is happening in tule lake, basin ag news h&n, 
						february 2023 by moss driscoll, kwua. "according to 
						drill core samples from the former lakebed, it has 
						probably been at least 2.4 million years since tule lake 
						has been as dry as it is today. however, those same 
						drill cores also indicate that water levels in tule lake 
						have always varied, as the region’s climate and 
						precipitation patterns have shifted."



						oregon water resources department says drought permits 
						'unlikely'. h&n, posted to kbc 2/23/23.  kbc 
						note: the bureau of reclamation illegally took our 
						stored irrigation water, sent it to the ocean, forbade 
						irrigators from using our water, then owrd probably wil 
						shut off the oregon wells. 




						temporary adjustments coming to iron gate dam, h&n, 
						posted to kbc 2/23/23. 
 


klamath 
						irrigation district testimony by kid manager gene souza 
						in opposition to oregon house bill 2647 with amendment 1,
						followed by hb2647, posted to kbc 2/18/23. 
						"klamath irrigation district (district) is in opposition 
						to hb 2647 as amended. klamath irrigation district is a 
						special government district operated under oregon 
						revised statute 545. the district is responsible for 
						distributing the naturally nutrient rich waters of the 
						klamath basin to agricultural farm land for beneficial 
						use."

 

winter 
						wings speaker mark bransom outlines benefits of removing 
						klamath river dams, h&n 2/17/23, followed by 
						response of kid manager gene souza. 





						bransom: 
						"the upcoming dam removal project has the potential 
						to benefit not only aquatic species but also improve 
						prosperity of agriculture and recreation in the klamath 
						basin..." 

kbc 
						note in response: 
						the 4 klamath dams bransom boasts of destroying provide 
						power to 70,000 households. the 20 million cubic yards 
						of toxic sediment behind the dams will obliterate any 
						fish or habitat or recreation in it's way. the beautiful 
						lakes with hundreds of wildlife species including many 
						that are endangered will be drained and replaced with 
						tons of sediment. the local communities will lose their 
						dam lake's/reservoir's recreation and famous fishing and 
						tourism supporting siskiyou county's economy. the 
						reservoirs that support a hatchery producing millions of 
						salmon will be gone as well as flood prevention and 
						water for firefighting that has saved the river 
						communities (including tribal lands) from wildfires. 
						unlike the historically putrid mineral-laden klamath 
						lake water, the dam reservoirs provide deep cold water 
						for downriver fish. our local counties voted 
						overwhelmingly against dam removal as well as our local 
						representatives. department of interior fired the ethics 
						officer, a lead scientist who said the science does not 
						support destroying the dams. when congress didn't pass 
						the demolition plan, the gov't agencies and ngos 
						bypassed congress so oregon and california taxpayers 
						foot the bill. by the way, the hundreds of government 
						agencies and ngos do not live near our rural 
						communities. 


						industry leaders back legislation to reverse biden wotus 
						rule, capito press release, posted to kbc 2/18/23. 
						"u.s. 
						senator shelley moore capito (r-w.va.), ranking member 
						of the senate environment and public works (epw) 
						committee, led all 48 of her senate republican 
						colleagues in introducing 
						a formal challenge to 
						the biden administration’s waters of the united states (wotus) 
						rule...an identical resolution was 
						introduced in 
						the house of representatives by u.s. rep. sam graves 
						(r-mo.-06), chairman of the house transportation and 
						infrastructure committee, and is cosponsored by more 
						than 150 house members...(biden's 
						wotus would 
						have)enormous impacts on small businesses, 
						manufacturers, farmers, home and infrastructure 
						builders, local communities, water districts, and 
						private property owners"




< 




								gene souza, klamath irrigation district 
						executive director, responds to court order on facebook: 
						"2/7/23: 
						souza:
"another loss 
						for salmon...20+ years of doing the same thing... and 
						some downriver folks are excited to hear chinook may be 
						soon listed by the esa using this flawed and biased 
						science. 
								judge orrick just undermined the congressional 
						intent of section 8 of the esa and simultaneously 
						eliminated over 40 years of the klamath river 
						adjudication establishing rights and priorities under 
						the law. 
								our refuges have been taken off life support of 
						the water that was naturally there for the pacific 
						flyway.
								what a tragic death our ecosystems and 
						communities will suffer."

								klamath reclamation project: district court 
						finds that the esa preempts state agency’s order 
						enforcing state water law,
								somach, 
						simmons & dunn 2/6/23.


								followed by




								responses


by gene souza, klamath irrigation district 
						executive director, from klamath basin crisis 
						facebook page regarding court order to obliterate 
						klamath project irrigators water rights.
   "...on 
						february 6, 2023, the district court for the northern 
						district of california issued its order on pending 
						motions for summary judgment in yurok tribe, et 
						al. v. u.s. bureau of reclamation, et al...ruling 
						that the endangered species act...preempts an order 
						issued by the oregon water resources department that 
						prohibits the reclamation from releasing water stored by 
						the klamath project...for non-irrigation purposes..."





						farm bureau, others go to court over new wotus rule, 
						capital press, posted to kbc 2/5/23. "the 
						rule makes clear the agencies “are determined to exert 
						(clean water act) jurisdiction over a staggering range 
						of dry land and water features — whether large or small; 
						permanent, intermittent, or ephemeral; flowing or 
						stagnant; natural or manmade; interstate or intrastate; 
						and no matter how remote from or lacking in a physical 
						connection to actual navigable waters,” the lawsuit 
						states."




congressman 
						lamalfa introduces the ‘protect our water rights’ act
with responses by founder of klamath forest alliance 
						and sierra club water resource chair felice pace (guy in 
						picture on right), klamath irrigation district manager 
						and executive director gene souza, and siskiyou county 
						water users association board member chrissie reynolds, 
						posted to kbc 1/29/23. "mandates 
						100% contract water deliveries to water districts by 
						reclamation in normal or above normal precipitation 
						years and guarantees additional water in dry 
						years...requires the bureau of reclamation to assess and 
						report on what debt is still owed by the irrigators of 
						the klamath project...prohibits the bureau of 
						reclamation from releasing stored water created by the 
						klamath project in upper klamath lake, except for 
						agricultural and refuge purposes associated with 
						state-adjudicated water rights, and to otherwise 
						maximize total storage volume in upper klamath lake."
						

						 
 

left: 
						tommy williams, noaa, right: 

						res/resource environmental solutions geologist dave 
						coffman



						panel discussion on klamath dam removal science and 
						monitoring, posted to kbc 1/29/23. 

here are a few quotes from 
						some of the ecoterrorist government agencies’ lies about 
						the “benefits” of klamath dam destruction experiment, 
						and horrific truths, and lack of information of what the 
						outcome will be, by usgs, noaa, yurok tribe, res. please 
						listen closely to this video: mike belchik, 
						senior fish biologist for yurok tribe: 
						“now keno dam is managed for water level only…to keep 
						infrastructure working for the agricultural 
						program…that’s no longer going to be the case. keno is 
						going to have to be managed for steadyish flow as the 
						water level’s gunna be maintained. ..the day to day 
						flows for lake levels or deliveries to agriculture…that 
						has not been set…the bureau of reclamation …doesn’t have 
						any of those plans…”


 u.s. 
						house of representatives to secretaries haaland, vilsack, 
						raimondo and chair mallory pledging oversight, 
						1/25/23. 

						"our republican majority will be using every available 
						resource at our disposal to prevent waste, fraud, and 
						abuse in the departments and offices under your 
						purview." the congressmen don't need to look far for 
						it: was it "fraud, waste and abuse when they fired dr 
						houser, top scientist in dc, the ethics scientist? when 
						he saw the contrived science by gov't scientists who 
						were making science to justify dam removal and he was 
						told that the administration wanted the dams out, wasn't 
						that fraud and abuse? when they trashed our decades long 
						klamath river compact, the head of it is now on krrc, so 
						they bipassed congress and trashed the will of the 
						citizens of klamath and siskiyou counties along with our 
						representatives, wasn't that fraud, and abuse of the 
						citizens and rule of law? they dewatered the most 
						important wildlife refuges in the pacific flyway the 
						past two years, and with our stored water they sent it 
						to the ocean, for months, depriving irrigators of their 
						legally stored water...that's abuse. they paid millions 
						of dollars to farmers not to farm. so, when will our 
						wasted and abused community see justice? lying about 
						fish "returning" to habitat in upper basin's warm water 
						assuming they historically climbed 30' natural reefs, 
						the list goes on.


 copco 
						lake fire chief francis gill, property and store owner, 
						responds to siskiyou county water users association 
						president richard marshall in this 10 minute video about 
						the resulting devastation following klamath dam 
						destruction,
						

						posted to kbc 1/29/23. gill: "after 
						klamath dam destruction, salmon are “...going to go 
						over low running waterfall that’s 30-40’ tall; it 
						doesn’t seem possible to me...” copco lake fire 
						chief francis gill, property and store owner, responds 
						to siskiyou county water users association president in 
						this 10 minute video about the resulting devastation."


						letter to bureau of reclamation from kwua /  
						klamath water users association regarding the bureau's 
						plan to deny klamath project irrigators and tulelake 
						wildlife refuges water in 2023, regardless of the 
						projected excess of available water in irrigators' water 
						storage, 1/19/23. "the klamath basin is presently 
						at 121 percent of normal, in terms of snow water 
						equivalent...yet amidst these encouraging hydrologic 
						conditions, reclamation’s current plan does not include 
						delivering a drop of water for project purposes."  






						president of siskiyou county water users association / 
						scwua richard marshall responds to radio host bill meyer 
						and dozens of citizens to be harmed by klamath dam 
						destruction regarding oregon and california funding the 
						destruction, agenda vs science, and klamath river 
						compact, posted to kbc 1/14/23



						letter from siskiyou county water users association, and 
						list of krrc / klamath river renewal corporation (dam 
						destruction) directors, posted to kbc 1/14/23. 
						"krrc amended its bylaws in november 22, 2022 and 
						provided for board members to be appointed by states of 
						oregon and california. apparently with the funding and 
						license guarantees made by oregon and california the 
						bylaws were revised to provide greater accountability to 
						the states.  attached is the new revised board of 
						directors for krrc.  note the appointed officers by 
						california and oregon.  this further identifies the 
						contemplated dam removal as a state project and further 
						challenges the compact clause of the u.s. constitution."




						river democracy act more about land than water, 
						capital press, posted to kbc 1/13/23. 


						the sponsors are democrat "senators ron wyden and jeff 
						merkley...3,215 miles is...a little more than the 
						distance from portland, oregon to portland, maine. 
						that’s in addition to the 2,173 miles of oregon rivers 
						already designated wild and scenic. that’s 19 rivers..."





						water delivery cuts hurt farmers, fail to benefit fish,
						agalert cfbf by 
						siskiyou county farm bureau president ryan walker, 
						posted to kbc 1/13/22. "...one-size-fit-all 
						mandates from policymakers in sacramento are destined to 
						fail. we need solutions driven by local stakeholders who 
						can consider the unique function and resources of each 
						watershed."
 



						klamath river dam removal project faces lawsuit, 
						h&n, posted to kbc 1/7/23. "siskiyou 
						county water users association board member anthony 
						intiso has filed a lawsuit against wade crowfoot, the 
						secretary of the california natural resources agency, 
						claiming crowfoot is illegally using taxpayer money to 
						fund the historic project..."






klamath 
						dams provide precedent for snake river dams, capital 
						press by 3rd generation rancher rex cozzalio from 
						hornbrook, followed by 

snake river ag 
						stakeholders (miller) comment on klamath dam removal, 
						posted to kbc 1/7/22. "mr. 
						miller of northwest river partners believes 'anyone who 
						goes beyond the headlines” will recognize that the 
						klamath decision won’t have implications for the snake 
						river dams. sadly, that statement would indicate mr. 
						miller has only read the special interest media 
						headlines...' "



< 


copco no. 1 dam on the klamath river near 
						hornbrook, calif., is one of four dams slated for 
						removal   

 


						happy new year! 

hebrews 12:1–2, “therefore, since 
						we are surrounded by such a huge crowd of witnesses to 
						the life of faith, let us strip off every weight that 
						slows us down, especially the sin that so easily trips 
						us up. and let us run with endurance the race god has 
						set before us. we do this by keeping our eyes on jesus, 
						the champion who initiates and perfects our faith”






$5000 reward 
						offered for information on death of wolf. or103 found 
						dead oct. 6 near upper klamath lake



						"earlier this year, fws said or103 killed three cattle 
						in the doak mountain area near klamath falls."


						followed by:




						rogue pack injures cow in wood river valley  




						 h&n, posted to kbc 12/31/22. 






































































										see our
										wolf page 
										for more on wolves decimating livestock 
						in klamath county and beyond. 



































"the state department of fish 
						and wildlife has confirmed 














50 wolf attacks so far in 2022...95 in 2021"

letter 
						from 3rd generation rancher rex cozzalio from 
						hornbrook, on the klamath river, to channel 12 kdrv 
						regarding klamath hydroelectric dam destruction bias in 
						the media, posted to kbc 12/31/22

						cozzalio reached out to media who grudgingly offer him a 
						small fraction of, if any, time to present the 
						devastation to humans, fish, wildlife, communities if 
						the klamath dams are destroyed, the largest known dam 
						destruction in the world. cozzalio details the lies and 
						facts: “…well over 600 largely ‘peer reviewed’ 
						references, area specific multigenerational experience, 
						historical documentation, and a decade of empirical 
						studies refute special interest claimed destruction 
						‘benefits’ and instead predicts the single premise 
						failure and damages from the biggest most factually 
						unsupported ‘experiment’ of all time.”




								lars larson


								gene souza



another blackmail by ecoterrorist 
								government agency bureau of reclamation. 
national talk show host 
								lars larson interviewed klamath irrigation 
								district manager gene 
								souza regarding 
								bureau of reclamation blackmailing klamath 
								farmers while illegally denying them their 
								stored water last august. posted to kbc 12/31/22


								https://soundcloud.com/thelarslarsonshow/gene-souza-is-bidens-interior-department-putting-oregons-farmers-at-risk?in=thelarslarsonshow/sets/interviews-2022e&utm_source=clipboard&utm_medium=text&utm_campaign=social_sharing 





 



another 
						dam mystery, 


						by bob kaster, posted to kbc 12/31/22. 



"...the removal 
						of the (klamath) dams and the resulting sediment release 
						(20 million cubic yards) will have an adverse effect on 
						the 'wild and scenic river values,' and that ferc’s own 
						environment impact statement expressly acknowledges 763 
						times that it will do so. he asks the court to declare, 
						among other things, that the proposed expenditure of 
						$250 million of taxpayer funds toward dam destruction 
						violates the provisions of the bond act itself and is 
						therefore illegal..."

press release:
						
						siskiyou county water users association (scwua) filed 
						california taxpayer complaint regarding $250m to destroy 
						klamath dams in wild and scenic designated area december 
						12, 2022


letter 
						from 3rd generation hornbrook, ca rancher rex cozzalio 
						to ferc / federal energy regulatory commission regarding 
						klamath dam destruction 12/12/22 "congratulations!   
						as predicted in my recent unacknowledged and most likely 
						unread submission, you have held tight to 
						policy-directed blinders in imposing unaccountable 
						special interest devastation upon the klamath region, 
						nullifying literal lifetimes of experience and 
						knowledgeable sacrifice enhancing the ‘naturally 
						occurring’ klamath environment, including fisheries..."

						 

						 




dam 
						celebration, 
						pending removal of klamath river structures feted, 
						h&n 12/10/22. "haaland, 
						the first native american interior department secretary, 
						praised ongoing efforts to remove the dams,...saying, 
						“clean water, healthy forests and fertile land made the 
						klamath river basin and its surrounding watershed a home 
						to tribal communities, productive agriculture, and a 
						place where abundant populations of migratory birds, 
						suckers, salmon and other fish could thrive. we must 
						take urgent and necessary action to protect this special 
						place.” "about 
						$5.8 million is being made available to klamath rivers 
						tribes...haaland said the funding supplements nearly $26 
						million from the bipartisan infrastructure law allocated 
						this year for klamath basin restoration projects."
kbc note: the ecoterrorists are 
						winning. historically water going down the 
						river from klamath lake was so bad horses couldn't drink 
						from it according to historic journals. the bureau of 
						reclamation dewatered our beautiful refuges in 2021-2022 
						(which included 433 species of wildlife including 
						suckers) in the guise of saving suckers. destroying dams 
						will release more than 20 million cubic yards of 
						sediment, destroy deep dam reservoirs which cool the 
						warm klamath water for salmon and and are used for 
						firefighting, and diminish agriculture.
						our local and regional representatives, including our ca 
						and or us congressmen, and the vast majority of our 
						population oppose hydroelectric dam removal. those most 
						effected by dam destruction, farmers, ranchers, and the 
						people living along the dam reservoirs, were not invited 
						to their meeting. klamath irrigation district manager 
						and kwua member gene souza, along with scwua members, 
						were forbidden to attend and turned away at the gate 
						near the exclusive "celebration". most reporters did not 
						even stop to ask the mostly elderly locals, holding 
						signs standing in the freezing weather for four hours, 
						why they opposed dam removal. our government and media 
						have abandoned us dumb expendable farmers and ranchers 
						and veterans.


< 
						a fresh miller lake lamprey wound is found on a brown 
						trout caught by jordan ortega. photo by jordan ortega



						lamprey found in (klamath county's) miller lake — the 
						first findings since the 1950s, h&n, posted to kbc 
						12/2/22. "in the lake, the report says, “it’s likely 
						fish are not killed by lamprey feeding on them....miller 
						lake lamprey were nearly eliminated from the lake in the 
						1950s...fish biologists thought the lamprey harmed other 
						game fish...research team partners have been capturing 
						miller lake lamprey downstream of the lake. captured 
						lamprey are moved to streams above the lake. the goal 
						has been to have the captured lamprey return to miller 
						lake."


modoc 
						nation: new chief focused on moving forward, h&n, 
						posted to kbc 12/2/22. 
						"...formerly 
						known as the modoc tribe of oklahoma...the 
						goal is to improve and develop the tribe’s california 
						lands, which include about 1,200 acres at and near the 
						tulelake airport...the tribe’s primary goal for its far 
						northern california lands is focused on rehabilitating 
						about 1,600 acres of sagebrush range lands the tribe has 
						purchased near north of lava beds for a commercial bison 
						herd. the tribe, according to its stewardship proposal, 
						is also hoping to buy another 700-plus-acres north of 
						the existing tribal-owned property..."


<photo 
						of klamath lake water storage

						water rules add to challenges for farmers, cfbf ag 
						alert, posted to kbc 12/2/22. "...more 
						farmers are feeling the added pinch of groundwater 
						regulations as local agencies implement plans that 
						include pumping limits and new fees to balance long-term 
						groundwater resources as required by the state..."  
						kbc note: we klamath project irrigators paid in full 
						for the klamath reclamation project for water storage in 
						klamath lake to be used to irrigate crops and massive 
						bird refuges, reused 9 times, then sent down the klamath 
						river and into the ocean. bureau of reclamation has cut 
						off irrigators from their stored water, decimating farms 
						and national wildlife refuges, sending the water 
						directly down the klamath river into the ocean, way more 
						than mandated for "endangered" suckers. in our deeds we 
						have water rights to our stored water forever, along 
						with rights to the groundwater under our land. now that 
						the bureau  illegally took our stored water, 
						california can illegally regulate groundwater as 
						thousands of acres of land lie fallow. our klamath lake 
						storage is full, and at times this summer klamath river 
						was at flood stage because the bureau denied us our 
						stored water. so far within tulelake irrigation 
						district, our groundwater is not at a critical stage yet 
						to be regulated.


a plan to fill upper 
						klamath lake 11/22/22, klamath water users 
						association 11/22/22. "...for the fish and the 
						farmers alike, the last three years have more 
						thanconclusively demonstrated that the alternative of 
						not filling the lake is far worse than short-term (and 
						likely beneficial) reductions in river flows. the fact 
						is, there is no possible worse outcome
						for the klamath basin than repeating what has transpired 
						over the last three years."


letter 
						from 
						rex cozzalio, 3rd generation rancher on the klamath 
						river at hornbrook, to ferc/federal energy regulatory 
						commissioner glick regarding the massive destruction and 
						costs to the communities, ecosystems, salmon, and people 
						if klamath dams are destroyed. days 
						later ferc approved destroying klamath river dams, 
						despite science and vast opposition. "all 
						future water must come from ‘unnaturally’ stored upper 
						klamath lake water owned by and taken from upper basin 
						residents during the most critical times for crop 
						production, causing massive additional harm to the upper 
						basin." posted to kbc 11/20/22




						*letter 
						by klamath irrigation district manager gene souza 
						regarding ferc's decision to allow destruction of 
						klamath river hydroelectric dams 11/17/22






						*11/17/22 
						- today ferc/federal energy 
						regulatory commission voted to destroy klamath river 
						hydroelectric dams.
						


						<
						


here are hundreds of letters, petitions, 
						documents, of farmers and ranchers, their communities 
						and representatives expressing their horror at the 
						concept of destroying our dams which will effect our 
						irrigation water supple, habitat and lives of hundreds 
						of species, many endangered, in and near the dam 
						reservoirs, fire fighting water, and the economy of the 
						entire siskiyou county.

						 



youtube video after bureau of reclamation suddenly, 
						illegally shut down klamath project irrigation water 
						just weeks before harvest:
						
						https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp4o6g_czms 

						 

from our archives:
                                  

                                  karuk tribal members' petition against klamath 
						dam removal, 

						11/25/08
						 
for 
						october & november 2022 
						chronological news, see 
						archive 242
for main archive page go
					here.


					god bless america !







 home



								contact




.  
						

x


 ,


z




e
 






calendar 
							action alerts 
							& links



							 






						'klamath project drought response agency /
						
						www.klamathwaterbank.com/ for groundwater and well 
						programs, 
						and dra agendas and minutes
homesteading 
						in a promised land' dvd


 




							'klamath esa' dvd


 





mercy chefs, 
							'feeding body and soul'


 




websites



							 




							klamath free press

this west 
							is our west 





							*upper 
							klamath webpage 




							water task force webpage 




global machinery 
							network 































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































before the 
					klamath project was built, there were up to 30 feet of water 
					where our farms are now. it was a navigable
										
					lake. 
					that's why on our deeds, signed by us president, we were 
					deeded 2+ acre feet of water for our crops, as all the 
					runoff we pump uphill, at our expense, out of our closed 
					basin and into the klamath river. 





the
										
					river occasionally went dry  
					in the fall before the project was built. 


..there's nothing down here,  you should be checking out the whole site. 
			ron


feb
