









login    



 

 


 



 

 






insights newsletter
monthly webinars












your organization provides mental health and work-life resources for you and your family members.

        			we are 
        			
        				here to help.        				











call: 800-521-3273

if you are experiencing a life-threatening situation, please call 911 or immediately go to an emergency room. 
request services online:

mental health counseling
work-life issues

we provide mental health and well-being benefits to help people and organizations unleash their full potential.


your organization has partnered with allone health to give you access to:
mental health supportlife coaching serviceswork-life resourceslegal referralsfinancial consultationpersonal assistancemedical advocacy 




log in to the member portal:


            		browse benefits, request services, explore self-help content and enjoy 24/7/365 access.                    required *


email*



password*







sign up | 
                    forgot password | 
                    email support







request support anytime & receive care your way
with convenient options for mental health support











24/7 requests
by phone or online member portal with live chat







in-the-moment counseling support
instantly connect to an eap clinician by phone



video counseling
schedule a video session



telephonic sessions
schedule a telephonic session



in-person sessions
meet with a local eap clinician



text & chat options
available through the member portal









insights newsletter
we bring whole health to your inbox with the monthly insights newsletter. our subject matter experts share articles, videos, and resources on mental health, physical health, financial wellness, family care, lifestyle support, and organizational health. explore topics, find information, and share with others.
visit insights
allone health blog






free monthly webinars
our team of expert in-house clinicians produce and present free monthly webinars on topics across all areas of whole health. see our webinars page to register for an upcoming event or browse previously recorded topics.
see upcoming webinars









            copyright 2025© lifeexpert. all rights reserved.
terms & conditions | 
            privacy policy


