






            cedar audio ltd | noise reduction and forensic audio systems
        





















 toggle navigation   


 






products

products
support and faqs
videos & downloads
product registration



applications


info

about
news

videos & downloads
exhibitions
current opportunities
mailing list
bureau service
legal information
privacy statement



contact

cedar offices
commercial dealers
forensic & security dealers



mailing list








                     
                





search




















                                    the inventors of real-time audio restoration, digital dialogue noise suppression and spectral editing.
                                











 learn more           news       




                                            ... ... ... flash feruccio cures spill and noise using the cedar dns 2â„¢ ... ... ... flash feruccio cures spill and noise using the cedar dns 2â„¢ ... ... ... flash feruccio cures spill and noise using the cedar dns 2â„¢ ... ... ... 
                                        














                             plug-ins and computer-based systems
                        









                                    voicex vst/au/aax



                                        voicex is close to being a magic button for noise reduction, but it's so simple to use that novices and experts alike can achieve remarkable results with the minimum of fuss and effort. the results can be amazing.
                                    









                                    cedar studio vst/au/aax



                                        the latest incarnation of our award-winning cedar studio suite of plug-ins. users can eliminate a wide range of noise problems and provides unsurpassed results quickly and with the minimum of fuss and intervention.
                                    









                                    cedar cambridge
                                


                                        the amazing cedar cambridge system is the clear choice for the most powerful enhancement for forensics and security and the most demanding restoration requirements for libraries and archives.
                                    






                             zero-latency hardware noise suppressors
                        









                                    dns 2
                                


                                        with no latency, eliminate traffic noise, air conditioning, wind, rain, general background noise and excessive reverberation, and compensate for unfavourable acoustic conditions and poor microphone placement.
                                    









                                    dns 4
                                


                                        suppress noise in all situations - location recording, live-to-air broadcasting and live sound in venues such as theatres, conferences venues and places of worship, as well as in the studio - with zero latency.
                                    









                                    dns 8d
                                


                                        the 8-channel cedar dns 8d is the first dns with dante®. it's optimised for broadcast and live sound, and its remote control and detail mode offer superior results to any other dialogue noise suppressor.
                                    






                             forensic and security hardware and software
                        









                                    cedar trinity
                                


                                        designed for real-time audio surveillance, this multi-user system can monitor and record live feeds, handle existing audio files, replay and enhance all or any part of a recording, log and transcribe... and much more.
                                    









                                    forensic enhance vst/au/aax



                                        compatible with all common playback and editing platforms, this comprises four complementary processes that suppress noise and enhance speech to increase listenability and intelligibility.
                                    









                                    se1
                                


                                        sophisticated speech enhancement for real-time surveillance and rapid response. it's rugged yet small and light, it's simple to operate, and it's able to run on batteries so that it can be used wherever it's needed.
                                    






                             cedar processes for other platforms
                        









                                    cedar for pyramix 64
                                


                                        integrated within merging technologies' 64-bit pyramix systems, this dedicated suite includes advanced restoration processes that eliminate a wide range of problems and significantly improve audio quality.
                                    









                                    sdnx
                                


                                        designed specifically for the scorpio and other 8-series mixer/recorders, sdnx is available in 2-, 4- and 8- instance configurations, and runs on any combination of channels and busses selected by the user.
                                    











 contact us 

 for further information about the company and its activities, please contact us using the form below:
                            


 contact info 
  address 
 cedar audio ltd, 
                                    20 home end, fulbourn, 
                                    cambridge, cb21 5bs, uk
                                

  email 
 info@cedaraudio.com 

  phone 
 +44 1223 881771 



 leave us a message 










 


















 





                                        
 

 



 please type the above number:








                                        submit
                                    
 reset 































home


about


news


products


contact


support






© 2024 cedar audio ltd. all rights reserved.












