









home - the corporation

































































a film by mark achbar, jennifer abbott & joel bakan



followfollowfollowfollow

join



sign up to the mail list
we will keep you informed about the corporation, the new corporation: the unfortunately necessary sequel, and related projects. this list is managed by cool.world, the grassroots campaigners for the films. we respect your privacy and will never sell or misuse your data. you can unsubscribe at any time.







give



















the film

about
who’s who
awards & credits
reviews


learn

resources
links


see it
take action

20 years & still fighting
join us
give feedback


















 


















manufacturing consent: noam chomsky and the mediaexplore the life and ideas of the reknowned political activist noam chomsky and his insightful analysis of the mass media and its threat to democracy.
watch free on youtube










the corporation relaunch + renewed campaignwatch the up-rezed hd version of the original feature film free on youtube. then join the fight!
watch the corporation in hd










20 years and still fightingtwenty years after the corporation film had its world premiere, a revitalized campaign against colonial corporate capitalism relaunches.
take action


















the film






26 awards. groundbreaking analysis.
provoking, witty, stylish and sweepingly informative, the corporation explores the nature and spectacular rise of the dominant institution of our time.

about the film

watch free on youtube










screenings & educational







educators & community organizers!
buy the digital version for download or streaming. you can also set up a ticketed event page and collect donations for online community screenings through our impact partner, cool.world.

buy educational

host a screening







the new corporation






co-directors joel bakan and jennifer abbott are back with their lightning-rod of an unfortunately necessary sequel released in 2020!
climate change, inequality, democracy… the new corporation connects the dots between the biggest issues of our time. the unfortunately necessary sequel reveals a world now fully remade in the corporation’s image, perilously close to losing democracy.

thenewcorporation.movie








forbes
afdhel aziz
“the must-see documentary of the year”





variety 
owen gleiberman 
“chillingly relevant”





the globe and mail
kate taylor
“searing interviews with cleverly edited imagery”





toronto sun
liz braun
“clear-eyed view of how the game is rigged”





now magazine
norm wilner
“thoughtful and pointed” nnnn





yahoo news canada
elisabetta bianchin
“a particularly impressive act of filmmaking”





the tyee
dorothy woodend
“…documentarian tenacity…”





indiewire
david ehrlich
“well-reasoned and undeniably urgent”





salon
gary m. cramer
“sure to provoke righteous outrage”





the daily beast
richard porton
“couldn’t be more pertinent to the current moment”





the canadian press
victoria ahearn
“the film touches on everything from social services to climate change and inequality”





the hollywood reporter
john defore
“manages to see hope for democracy in the years to come”





filmmaker magazine
lauren wissot
“indeed necessary








 
















check out the sequel film:



thenewcorporation.movie







© 2023 big picture media | contact uswebsite by cool.world



join the mail list



followfollowfollowfollow



 
































