
























home - ocala jeep club
















































 

















twitterfacebookinstagram 
join the club!
jeeptoberfest










toggle navigation















home
our board members
join or renew membership! 

download mail-in application
download trail ride safety list
download club bylaws


our calendar 

jeeptoberfest


latest news
contact us
























join us today! 
							 


 




join ocala jeep club today! 
							 





welcome to the ocala jeep club!
the ocala jeep club is a non-profit club which raises funds for local deserving charities throughout the year. join us today for the next trail ride!



the ocala jeep club is a family-friendly club, which is organized to bring families and friends together, and is comprised of hundreds of jeep-loving members and their families! anyone who owns a jeep vehicle is eligible for membership, with no modifications being required. we have members with stock grand cherokees to highly-modified trail rigs.

jeeptoberfest
our signature event is held every october.  jeeptoberfest is the oldest jeep-only events in the southeast, and has grown from a show-and-shine at phillips chrysler jeep dodge, to more than 1500 jeeps participating on three levels of courses. 2023 at the florida horse park!  over the years jeeptoberfest has raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for local deserving charities.
read more about this year's jeeptoberfest!check out jeeptoberfest!filmed by airwaves aerial video and photography!





jeep trail ridingjoin the fun!view upcoming events!jeep trail rides
trail rides are scheduled every month in a variety of locations. we frequent the ocala national forest, which has a variety of easy to moderate trails.  our annual out-of-state trip in june, the rock run, has included trips to alabama, tennessee and georgia for moderate to extreme off-roading.
we have all the jeep fun!we gather for a social on the fourth saturday of the month unless otherwise scheduled. this can be at a local restaurant, the beach or at a member’s home. the club also hosts 101’s, a clinic to help members work on modifications or repair of their jeep. we also go camping several times a year which have included trips to otter springs, spirit of the suwannee music park, yogi bear campground and fort wilderness at disney.socials, camping & mods!jeep social is the 4th saturday of each month!view upcoming events!





















© 2025 ocala jeep club of florida inc. | website by: ocala website designs llc 






















log in with your credentials


 


sign in

 remember me                
lost your password?



hover or click the text box below 














forgot your details?


 

reset password
i remember my details























