








welcome to the children's center of brighton - the childrens center of brighton, inc.
























































skip to content









menu
home
about us
programs
facilities
faq
health & nutrition
for parents
newsletters
resources
contact us
virtual tour
apply today
menu
parent/teacher resource blog
















welcome to the children’s center of brighton 




the children’s center was founded on the philosophy that young children thrive in a gentle, relaxed setting which allows them many opportunities to freely explore their world.  for over five decades, we have lovingly cared for and educated children based upon this philosophy, guiding them through their early childhood years as they have explored the wonders of their world.
the children’s center has been especially designed to meet the needs of young children; offering a comprehensive social, emotional and cognitive program.  meaningful experiences are offered for your child through exploration and exposure to new concepts and materials.  the children are cared for by a staff of well-trained, professional caregivers in a cheerful facility created specifically for children.  our special health care unit and nursing staff are an integral part of our total quality care approach.  we also offer a wide-array of tasty and healthy meals and snacks — prepared right here in our own kitchen.
the children’s center was founded by the malowitz family with the best interests of children firmly in their hearts and minds. at the children’s center, our family wants to partner with your family to ensure that our common goal of providing a safe, positive and loving experience is met.

susan malowitz cinquino
owner and director
bev & marv malowitz
founders





hours:
the children’s center is open monday-friday from 7:30am-5:30pm
optional extended care from 7:00-7:30am and 5:30-6:00pm




child care building (ccb1)
older preschool, kindergarten,
and school age building (ccb2)
585-442-7400
fax 585-256-5956




please visit! 
the children center invites you to take a tour and talk with us about how we can meet the needs of your child and your family.  please feel free to call us to schedule your visit.




what's new in and around ccb     product recalls     inquiry form
















 the children’s center of brighton is licensed by the state of new york, www.ocfs.state.ny.us
 










 
 




 
  

          copyright © 
           2025 the children's center of brighton, inc.. all rights reserved.          
		


















