



onway lake village condominiums :: southern new hampshire vacation homes

































































welcome to your tour of onway lake family resort.
welcome home!


not a little pond with nothing but polliwogs and tadpoles.
a 200-acre lake!


two styles of vacation homes. one is just right for you.
may we begin building yours?


endless recreation includes miles of hiking trails
… insuring four seasons of fun!


our lakefront starts with a sandy beach in a private setting
… with docks and canoes for your added enjoyment!  





welcome to onway lake village condominiums, a four-season resort in 
		southern new hampshire where carefree vacation living awaits you! onway lake 
		village condominiums is located on beautiful onway lake, surrounded by 
		pristine forest. this combination is reminiscent of northern new 
		hampshire, while only a 1 hour drive form boston! with over 350 acres of 
		forest, streams and ponds, you have your own private getaway. please 
		contact us to 
		schedule a sales tour of our beautiful facility.




onway lake is easy to reach from any point in southern new hampshire, 
		eastern massachusetts, or southern maine. convenient to both new 
		hampshire seacoast and lakes region attractions, onway lake is only 
		minutes from ocean beaches in new hampshire and maine, 55 minutes from 
		lake winnipesaukee, and within 35 minutes of 14 golf courses. we are 
		also near countless museums, cultural attractions, shopping 
		destinations, and every type of recreation.




our charming property has a 
		long history of being at one with nature, formerly the home of camp se-sa-ma-ca, an exclusive summer camp for girls that operated from 1931 to 1982. it is said that camp se-sa-ma-ca employed a french chef and drew wealthy campers from as far away as france and portugal. one visit, and we are convinced that you will want to be part of the onway lake 
		village condominiums easy living experience!

























this site is designed, administered and hosted by
			

pelland advertising.

©  onway lake family resort. all rights
    reserved.

accessibility statement | privacy statement
   













