











fasd awareness day




















 
www.fasday.com


fasd
  awareness day
  september 9th  
  
international fas awareness day was
  founded by bonnie buxton 
and brian philcox of fasworld
  and teresa kellerman of fasstar 
 

 fasd 
  awareness 
  slide show 









 


 
jodee
  kulp's countdown to fasd awareness day

how international fasd awareness day began  
  (official version)
 

  the birth of fasd day (the real story)


moment
  of silence for chris surbey

1st u.s. senate
  resolution for fasd awareness day  

best
  fasday photo slideshow ever!


  fasday 2007


  fasday 2006

fasday
  2005

 
fasday
  2004

fasday 2003


fasday 2002


fasday 2001


fasday 2000





first fasday 1999 story! 
  about bonnie and colette 



fasday fable
how it all began!



robbed in the womb
  fasd awareness day story



fasday plan
  (pdf) from  
saskatchewan
  institute




fasday
  kit (pdf) from alaska




secular ceremony



  christian ceremony




letters to the president asking for a
  u.s. fasd awareness day  proclamation
    



fas community resource
  center 



fasworld
  an international alliance promoting the awareness of fetal alcohol syndrome
  disorders



 



"i have
  read that the oscillation of butterfly wings in  
brazil may set off storms in  
texas." --janette  
turner  
hospital  




join the fasday mail list
as a member of the yahoo fasday group, you 
  can share your ideas and learn what others are planning in communities all 
  around the world 


 


to learn about fetal alcohol
  syndrome and fetal alcohol spectrum disorders,
visit the fas community
  resource center website  www.come-over.to/fascrc
 
every year on september 9th, international fasd awareness day
  is observed.  proclamations are issued in countries, states, provinces,
  and towns all around the world.  bells are rung at 9:09 a.m. in every
  time zone from new zealand to alaska.  people all around the world
  gather for events to raise awareness about the dangers of drinking during
  pregnancy and the plight of individuals and families who struggle with fetal
  alcohol spectrum disorders (fasd).  the first fasday was celebrated on
  9/9/99.  this day was chosen so that on the ninth day of the ninth
  month of the year, the world will remember that during the nine months of
  pregnancy a woman should abstain from alcohol.  anytime is a good time to raise
  awareness about fetal alcohol spectrum disorders
  (fasd).  
new
  ideas !

share
  this photo on facebook

 


 
  
 
  
click
  here for more ideas 

if you are
  like most other fasd awareness day activists, you don't have much time or
  energy. but have no fear - we have done the groundwork for you. here are three
  things you can do now. it's really not that hard. give it a try. nothing
  to lose, right? if you think you are busy, look at how busy this mom is.
  three kids, two with special needs. if she can do it, you can do it too, can't
  you? here are three easy steps to get started: 
(1) pick a partner! you don't
  have to do this alone. grab your phone and call someone in your area. in the us?
  lookie here: usa
  directory click on your state. connect with someone. here's support in canada.
  here's some international
  contacts. if you can't afford a phone call outside your area, then email
  somebody. you don't have to do this alone. there's someone else out there who
  is willing to help. ask and you just might receive! 
(2) pick a reporter! next
  time you read the local newspaper, pay attention to which reporters write
  about personal interest stories. choose a reporter who seems to be sensitive
  to special family or children's issues, who will do a respectful interview with a family
  or spokesperson. this spokesperson doesn't have to be you, but it could be!
  we'll walk you through it - piece of cake. write down the name of the
  reporter and find out the phone number and address of the newspaper. later
  you are going to ask for an appointment and give them a press release.
  here is another example of a good press
  release.  would
  you like to conduct a 5-minute radio interview on your favorite radio
  station? here is an interview
  script for you and a radio person or you can just read this one-person script.  before contacting the media, it might
  be helpful to go over these suggestions from
  fasday veterans, teresa kellerman and brian philcox.
(3) pick a project! are you
  bookmarking everything? keeping notes on file in your computer? good! set up
  a meeting (in person, by email, or on the phone) with the other contacts in
  your area. think about what a difference your part will make in preventing
  future cases of fasd or helping children and adults already affected! don't
  forget to include at least one parent, one service provider (teacher, doctor,
  judge), and one government leader (legislator, head of local department of
  mental health or developmental disabilities or corrections). this will help
  you to bridge the information gap in
  your community! now pick one (or more) of the following events to turn into a
  news story: 

ring
    some bells.  plan
    your own bell
    concordance. ask a church to ring their bells. i choose to deal with the
    catholic church, because the bishop of the diocese can ask all the churches
    in the city to participate. in fact, the photo is our cathedral here in 

    tucson

    . here is theletter i
    wrote to our diocese today. it has a sort of pro-life twist, because i know
    that will appeal to the bishop. if you know a local church that has bells,
    write a letter and call and make an appointment to talk to whoever is in
    charge. take along a few brochures.  if
    you can’t find any bells to ring, you can simply have a moment
    of reflection.
host
    a "breakfasd" (after the bell ceremony perhaps?). you can
    ask the church if their is a community service group that might like to
    provide donuts and
    coffee in the church hall. or invite everyone to bring a potluck dish to a
    nearby park, or a facility provided by a local disabilities agency. this is
    a good opportunity to partner up with other organizations who might like to
    collaborate in future projects and grant opportunities. with an informal
    gathering of families and community leaders, the folks who formulate local
    policy will get to meet the children for are impacted by how those policies
    are implemented. it might also provide an opportunity to start a local
    support group for parents and families.



start
      a support group. it
      only takes two of you to begin with. after the news story, families will
      reach out to you and you will meet the folks who will do all this work for
      you next year! call your local library and reserve a meeting room. set a
      date and time that is convenient for you.  we
      are going to meet the day after fasd awareness day this year. the library
      is a good place, because they usually have computers and internet access
      (you might want to reserve an hour, if necessary), and you can show local
      folks all the cool internet sights. some fun and interesting web sites
      will be provided to you later.
plan
      a "walk-along" -
      round up your city's disability groups (like the arc). even if you only
      get a dozen people together and at least one special walker (someone you
      know with fas/fae), you will have a crowd worthy of media attention. this
      is kind of like a walk-a-thon but not exactly. it's called a
      "walk-along" to remind everyone that kids with fetal alcohol
      spectrum disorders will need someone to "walk along" with them
      for the rest of their life, because they are at risk of failing if they
      try to go through life on their own. instead of pledging dollars per mile,
      people can make straight donations to support the walker. donations can be
      made to an umbrella organization, like your local arc
      chapter. inform your local arc chapter that the national arc has made
      funds available just for fasd prevention. our arc recognizes the need for
      preventing secondary disabilities as well as preventing fasd itself, and
      awareness about secondary disabilities is included in arc awareness events
      here. more about the "walk-along" later. just find a public
      place like a park or a lake or a mountain trail that you can use as a
      meeting place (and media interview place). look at what minnesota did!
plan
      a public information
      table. call the manager of your local shopping mall. ask if you can
      have a table for your fasd support group (even if it is only you and your
      family) to distribute information on fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. you
      can print fasd
      handouts and get them
      copied at a local disability agency or parent to parent organization or
      your local arc. these think
      before you drink brochures
      from the arc are nice. you can download and print these fasd
      fact sheets. buy several bags of snickers mini bars and pass them out
      with one of these fasd
      cards. (use card stock or standard business card forms.) your local
      march of dimes (look in the phone book) might contribute bulk brochures.
      oh yes - here's a basic info
      sheet, very simple, and a documented fasd
      fact sheet, just print and copy. make some fas
      knots. or just order them here.
show
      a video or
      give a presentation. this
      can be scheduled at your local library. if you don't feel comfortable
      giving a talk, your local march of dimes office (look them up in the phone
      book) might be willing to provide a speaker and/or a video. you can
      purchase an excellent video for teens and young adults called "and
      down will come baby" for $12.50 by calling the national
      clearinghouse for alcohol and drug information (ncadi) toll-free (800)
      729-6686 (inventory number vhs86). there are a limited
      number of copies of a good prevention video with native american theme,
      “sacred trust” available from the same source (inventory number
      vhs100).
register
      as a non-profit organization
      in your state. you might want to do this anyway, as it will be easier to
      get donations and apply for grants. it's the first step to becoming a
      501(c)(3) corporation. you can do that next year. this year, just register
      with your state. to find the paperwork you can download from internet, if
      your are in the 

      u.s.

      , go tocharity
      usa where you will
      find a link to your state's info on how to register. you just fill out a
      few simple forms and send them to the secretary of state. here is
      information for becoming tax-exempt in canada.



  get a proclamation signed
          by your mayor or governor. here is a sample
          letter. here is  a sample
  proclamation, and a 
                    proclamation
          guide. this is probably the easiest thing to do, if this is
          your first fasday. sometimes the mayor or governor will allow a
          "photo op" - like steve
          in wa or dayna
          in ks.   it
          might be a good idea to use this fasday
          fact sheet to back
          up your proclamation statements.

conduct
          a fasd teen survey in
          your community. just find one teen who knows 20 other teens, and you
          will be participating in a nation-wide survey. all this takes is a $5
          donation to the teen who conducts the survey to pay for 20 mini candy
          bars. the survey can be downloaded here.
plan
          a pregnant pause event
          in your community. this is great fun and involves lots of folks for a
          fun media event. pregnant
          pause is a contest
          for creating non-alocholic drinks, where bartenders mix the drinks,
          and pregnant women judge the drinks and vote on a winner. the recipes
          can be shared along with a message about the importance of staying
          alcohol free during all 9 months of pregnancy.
organize
          a mind mapping
          meeting. if you have community interest and commitment already and
          want to move forward, and want to do more than just a one-day media
          event, then you are ready to follow the 

          prince george

          ’s northern
          family health society model
          for community action.  if
          this is too overwhelming, then stick to something simple and easy,
          like the last idea here:
host
          a mini fasd
          awareness campaign! this is great for the office - yours or your
          doctor's - or any reception area that will give you permission. just a
          bowl of snickers mini bars and some fasd fact cards are all you need. details
          here.
 public
          service announcements for
          local radio and tv stations are available at no cost from nofas. download
          the radio spots from the nofas
          web site or call
          nofas at 202
          785 4585 to receive a tape of the tv spots.  view
          a psa on youtube here.
more
          ideas from the
          first fasday in 1999 can be found in the “how
          to do fasday” online manual.  click
          on #12 ideas and examples.
 new! fresh
          ideas for
          fasday 2005 events: fresh
          ideas

you
      know, you don't have to wait until september 9th to do this, because any
      day can be fasd awareness day!



"i
  am only one; but still i am one. i cannot do everything, but still i can do
  something; i will not refuse to do the something i can do." --helen
  keller
 
announce
  your event on the 

  fasd
 
  center

 for excellence event
  calendar as soon as you
  have a plan! share your ideas for fasd awareness day with others on the fasday
  mail list (very low
  volume). we'll all work together this year to make a difference that will last
  for generations to come!









             



www.fasday.com  last
            update: may 30, 2013
            this site is sponsored by fasstar
            enterprises






 

