











oval creek movers | residential long distance moving services








































	skip to navigation

	skip to content 















search for:


 
home
about us
inquire now





search for:


 


 






















 

06/17/2018 
leave a comment 




5 things to know when preparing to move your business 
there are a lot of good reasons to relocate. it may be extra growing room, new markets, a better employee pool, and many others. american companies spend about $25 billion on relocation each year. whether you’re relocating down the street or to another state, it’s still a major challenge. here are five ways to make relocation work.
1. evaluate the risks
your first concern is a return on investment. is relocating your operation going to bring sufficient financial advantages to justify the time and costs? you should make certain you can’t achieve the same ends by investing more in marketing or technology or leasing additional warehouse or office space for certain operations. don’t assume that moving is the answer to your problems.
2. research prospective locations
be certain that you pick the best possible location to move to. check out the demographics of the new community and how they compare to your targeted customers. is it a growing economy or one that’s struggling? if you depend on local traffic for sales, be sure you have a location that’s easy to find and has ample parking.
3. make it a project
in situations like this, project management concepts will help you keep things organized and in perspective. make a detailed list of the criteria you need from a new location while considering that any modifications will cost you more money. also, make a list of the things you’ll be taking with you. would it be more cost-effective to sell or lease the materials and equipment you have, or pay to ship them? if you’re going to assign someone to oversee the move, make sure you cover these things and communicate your budget and expectations.
4. verify your ecosystem
you’ll have to be up and running at the new location as soon as possible to minimize any financial loss. be sure you have all the physical and technical labor, like commercial movers or office moving services, lined up to make transition quick. you must also inform all customers, vendors, partners, and associates well before the move takes place. they will all need your new contact information and when you expect to be up and running at the new location.
5. prepare your workforce
determine which employees are willing and able to make the move, and who’s paying for it. you’ll have to start recruiting and interviewing for the new location as early as possible. if this proves difficult, you may have alternatives such as temporary agencies, remote workers, or outsourcing certain functions. at worst, you may lose your core managing staff and have to start building your team all over again.
no matter what kind of advantages you’re hoping for, don’t rush the process of relocation. it can take months to do correctly. every detail should be investigated and planned. even if you pull it off smoothly, be prepared to follow it up with a marketing blitz to build new momentum.



ovalcree 
|

				in move your business 

read more





 

03/30/2018 
leave a comment 




five ways to make college dorm move-in a better experience 
moving into your first college dorm room is a rite of passage for a lot of kids, but it can also be nerve-wracking, and not just for parents either. on top of trying to pack your entire life into a room that you’ve never even seen before, you’ll also be sharing the space with people that you probably haven’t met either.
you’ll survive. but just in case you’re a little nervous, here are a few ideas to help make move-in day a great experience.
1. communicate with your roommates ahead of time
most colleges allow potential roommates to contact each other before move-in day; in fact, most schools encourage that. the last thing you want to do is bring the same type of furniture that your roommate is going to bring, but it’s also a good idea to talk to them to feel more comfortable about the year. if you know you absolutely won’t be able to coexist with them, request a change with the school before you arrive.

2. think twice about big furniture
planning on bringing a couch or a bike to school? you may have grand ambitions to bike every day from class to class, but if your school isn’t particularly large, you can probably get away with walking or taking on-campus transport. the average dorm room in america is only 114 square feet, and you probably don’t want a chunk of that taken up by a bike or piece of furniture that you never use.
3. buy essentials ahead of time
while you may not know what you will need exactly for your dorm room, it’s best to buy a few things ahead of time, such as a lamp, alarm clock, small mini-fridge, etc. (here’s a great move-in checklist). having those things on hand not only allows you to set up your space the way you want it right off the bat, but can also save you from the inevitable crowd of people that will pile into your local store on move-in day. buy things ahead of time and skip the lines.
4. don’t overpack
for many students, college move-in day is their first taste of freedom. it’s also the first time they’ll be responsible for designing their space, and though they may have the perfect idea of what they want to bring, there’s a good chance their dorm won’t hold it all. use tools like this one to design your dorm room ahead of time to make sure that you don’t bring more than will fit in your new home.

5. be careful about who you ask to help
yes, your mom most likely will want to be there. yes, she will probably cry (dad too). but those two are imperative to helping you get your life kick-started; any more people and it becomes an overcrowded mess of people trying to move in. thank people when they offer to help, but keep your move-in day crew relatively small or consider hiring a local moving company. also, let mom stock your refrigerator before they leave. it’ll help make her feel happy, and you’ll be thankful for it in a couple of days.



ovalcree 
|

				in college dorm move in 

read more





 

02/13/2018 
leave a comment 




pro movers’ guide: how to start packing for a state-to-state move 
whether moving to a college dorm or moving a family to the new residence, planning will take much of the stress and hassle away from an interstate move.

before the move

when you suspect a move may be possible, organize and do closet cleanouts. you may be surprised to find out what you don’t need, no longer use, or can do without.
if donating, don’t forget those receipts for tax writeoffs.
start packing those unused items that are in storage in the back of the closets, or out-of-the-way garage corners and cupboards.
label your boxes as you pack either by room or by need.

also think about the logistics of a move – transportation to be used, time and money spent for the move, and how you want to pack. if you have the budget, you may want to book professional moving services to make the move less daunting. develop a general plan and stick with it as much as possible, so you don’t get overwhelmed by details. the master plan will allow flexibility in the details as long as you have the main guidelines in place.
to save money by doing your packing, contact interstate moving companies for used cartons at no charge. also, contact recycling facilities and newspaper offices for packing materials. many people combine doing their packing for the “stuff,” and let the movers pack the furniture.
if not using your vehicle, then you will need to do research on which rental company has the vehicle option to fit your needs and budget.
if using a moving company, have questions ready to ask.

especially when moving a household, ask the moving spread dates. the estimated arrival dates can occur over a date-range, as a moving truck can hold a multiple of customers’ items.
make sure the company and its drivers are insured. most companies should have that information displayed on their website and their paperwork.

will you be shipping your vehicle across the country, or driving? strangely enough, once you factor in meals and hotel expenses, driving your vehicle may turn out to be more expensive than shipping the vehicle and taking a train or plane to your destination.
the move

make sure to have utilities hooked up at your destination by the time you arrive.
if using a moving company, exchange contact information with the drivers. also confirm with the drivers the place where your items are being delivered, making sure everyone is on the same page.

prepare a first night box or bag that will travel with you. include anything that will help you get by for the first day or two of “roughing it.” such things as

bandaids
first aid kit
trash bags
extension cord
paper towels
dish soap
hand-towel and washcloth
hooks for hanging
minor tools such as screwdrivers, pliers, wrench, and hammer.


an organized move can be a fun adventure and a treasured family memory for years to come, so plan what you can, and enjoy the rest.



ovalcree 
|

				in pro mover guide 

read more





 

02/06/2018 
leave a comment 




checklist of things you need when moving into your first house 
moving into a new home is often an exciting adventure. the move could be due to a need for a larger house or because you’re ready to get into a home of your own instead of living with your parents, a roommate, or a family member. before moving, there are a few things that you should have on hand so that you’re prepared instead of trying to purchase everything right after moving in. it’s sometimes best to make a list of the items that you need for each room instead of trying to think about everything for the home at one time.

1. kitchen supplies
make sure you have the large appliances that you need, such as the stove and refrigerator. if you’re renting, most landlords will provide these appliances, but sometimes you’ll have to provide your own washing machine and dryer. hire professional appliance movers to move these items into place, to prevent damaging the floors or walls of your new place. according to a moving company, have special appliance dollies for moving these heavy appliances safely. if you’re doing it on your own, check out these tips on how to move a fridge.
once these are in place, you need to get pots, pans, plates, utensils and the extra items that make cooking easier. a microwave or a coffee maker can be included in this list of items. oven mitts and potholders should also be on your list of items for the kitchen so that you have a way to remove hot pans and dishes from the oven. cooking at home is a great way to save money when moving out on your own.
2. making the living room comfortable
while there are things that you might want to have in the living room, there are a few essentials that you should have more than others. buying a couch, chair, or some seating should be at the top of your list. lamps or a ceiling light that is functional should also be an important part of your living room. television is an option as well, but if the funds aren’t in your budget, then you might want to hold off on connecting cable or satellite television until you have your bills and other necessities in order.
3. sleeping comfortably
beds for each room of the home are a must. if necessary, get air mattresses until you can get a complete bed for each room. the key is not to overwhelm yourself with items that you can’t afford. it might require getting the things that are needed for every room a few things at a time, but you’ll eventually have everything. sheets, pillows, and blankets are also items that you should have on hand or purchase before moving. you also need hangers for the closets and dressers for items that you can’t hang.
4. bathroom essentials
the bathroom is the smallest room in most homes, so there aren’t as many items that you need to get. you should have at least a few towels and washcloths on hand to take a shower as well as toothbrushes, soap and other toiletries that your family will need to be comfortable until you have a chance to go to the store.




ovalcree 
|

				in checklist before moving 

read more





 

01/23/2018 
leave a comment 




7 tips for a cheap long distance move 
moving can be incredibly exciting, but the preparation and work that goes into moving your life and things long distances can also be daunting and stressful. the cost of doing so is a common factor that adds to this stress and can even be enough to deter people from bringing a lot of their things and moving to begin with. however, there are various ways to lower these costs, and here are seven tips that will help you make a cheap long-distance move.
1. pack items efficiently and effectively
a large factor that plays into moving costs is how many things you bring and space these items take up. to minimize costs, first donate, sell, or throw out any items that you haven’t touched in years or aren’t of use to you. when packing, use space efficiently and pack things together so that you don’t have an excessive amount of loose items.
 
2. research multiple long distance moving companies
numerous choices offer long-distance moving services, and while many of them appear the same, the options may offer different deals, have superior service and better reputability, and provide other benefits that can make moving more of a breeze. research companies, their reviews, and see if they offer free quotes for your move to find the best mover for you. use this site to request long distance moving quotes from multiple licensed interstate movers.
3. for a cheaper long distance move: diy with a rental truck
an alternative to going with a moving company is the option to rent your moving truck. if you are comfortable driving a larger vehicle and don’t have a semi-trucks worth of items, this can save you a great deal of money. check out this blog for tips on how to safely load your moving truck. there are also options to pack all of your items yourself in a container and hire an individual to drive the truck to your destination simply.
4. don’t move during peak times
whether you are moving your things using a moving company, air services, or land or water transport, the costs will be higher in peak season. try moving before or after the late spring and summer months, and avoid the weeks around christmas holiday as well. moving companies offer lower prices at these times, and the cost of travel goes down as well.
5. recycle old packing essentials
though it may not seem like it, the cost of packing paper, storage bins, and cardboard boxes, and other packing items can add up. in the time coming up to your move keep any boxes that you have received from ordering items, grocery shopping, and other activities that can be reused to store your household goods. you can take these items off of friends’ hands as well.
6. seek out the help of friends and family
if your friends and family are willing and available to help you make your move, loading up multiple cars and having them help you carry your things into and out of your places can save a great deal. it may take more trips, but the cost of all trips will be lower than some other methods.
 
7. conserve your money after the move
after a big move, it is common for many to spend money on a variety of things that can put a dent in your bank account. it may be tempting to hire people to remove all of the packing boxes and trash, make renovations on the house, and buy new décor and items, but avoiding these actions in excess can save more money after a move that has already cost you. be sure to set up or revise your household budget, and stick to it.



ovalcree 
|

				in cheap long distance moving 

read more





 

01/03/2018 
leave a comment 




how much will you pay to move out of state? 
moving is never inexpensive. according to the american moving and storage association, the average cost of a cross-country move for a three bedroom home with full packing services (2,163 miles from florida to california) is $8,687-$11,766. typical moving expenses in an interstate move, several expenses are to be expected, and that can’t be eliminated: hiring…



ovalcree 
|

				in out of state moving cost 

read more





 




follow and like us 

 



recent posts


5 things to know when preparing to move your business


five ways to make college dorm move-in a better experience


pro movers’ guide: how to start packing for a state-to-state move


checklist of things you need when moving into your first house


7 tips for a cheap long distance move


advertisementssubscribe now











 
 




 






		© 2025. oval creek movers. all rights reserved.
		check our privacy agreement




 
 

















