yach







packanack lake


































toggle navigation
















about
membership
forms
calendar
packablog
clubs
make a payment
useful links
contact













packanack lake











about packanack lake


                        packanack lake is a beautiful and friendly community in wayne, new jersey located approximately 22 miles northwest of midtown new york city.
                        since 1928, packanack lake country club and community association (plcc) has been organizing club activities and overseeing the property maintenance.
                        approximately, 1,500 homes are located in our private lake community with two beaches, on the east and west side plus a clubhouse. swimming, golf,
                        tennis, fishing, boating, youth and adult activities, as well as a full calendar of special events,  are available to our members. packanack is a
                        wonderful community to live in, raise a family, make lasting friendships, enjoy recreational facilities as well as socialize.

                    

                        if you have any questions, don’t hesitate to call our office.
                    









 membership
find information on membership
click here







calendar 
view the plca calendar
click here







news and events 
packablog 
click here













join a club
get involved by joining one of our many affiliated and sponsored clubs here at packanack lake.
there's something for everyone!




























































































































































































































































board of governor's committee pages
















































community links










wayne first aid squad  volunteer ems and rescue







immaculate heart of mary church first catholic school in wayne







packanack community church multigenerational congregation that welcomes visitors











packanack nursery school  “the place to be”







wayne township  "the heart of new jersey"




















click  here for photos
packanack history: then and now





















contact

packanack lake community association and country club 
52 lake drive west 
packanack lake
wayne, nj 07470
phone: 973-694-0094



                    

                        for general questions and comments, please call the office or send an e-mail to office@packanacklake.com







 
 



see individual organization pages for direct club contact information.


                        as our community continues to evolve, we look forward to welcoming new families, renewing friendships and enhancing your membership.  in 
                        order to ensure we meet the needs and interests of the membership your participation is vital.  your comments and questions allow us to 
                        plan and adjust activities – you will find an enthusiastic board eager to serve you.  therefore, please feel free to contact your 
                        board of directors, board of governors, club manager and office directly at: 


directors@packanacklake.com
president@packanacklake.com
vp@packanacklake.com
treasurer@packanacklake.com
secretary@packanacklake.com
membership@packanacklake.com
grounds@packanacklake.com
house@packanacklake.com
beach@packanacklake.com
water@packanacklake.com
communications@packanacklake.com
plaa@packanacklake.com
lrp@packanacklake.com
manager@packanacklake.com
clubs@packanacklake.com
office@packanacklake.com





















copyright packanack lake association 2017








top

























