




healthcare infection society - healthcare infection society













































sign in
sign in to access your his profile below.
 









 invalid username or password
due to too many failed login attempts you are now locked out of your account. please email membership@his.org.uk for assistance
forgotten password?

log in




not a member?



log in to:

access your member profile
gain unrestricted his member access to the journal of hospital infection


 











we use a number of different cookies on our site. for information about the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for please view our privacy policy.

ok














                    find us
                

search
sign in


















search





quick links

events diary
archived guidelines and guidance
journal of hospital infection
































                        about
                    



                        strategy 2025-2030
                    



                        structure and governance
                    



                        annual reports and accounts
                    



                        get involved
                    





                        news
                    



                        education
                    



                        events diary
                    



                        training courses
                    



                        conferences
                    



                        webinars
                    



                        podcast
                    



                        education framework
                    





                        research & funding
                    



                        for applicants
                    



                        for grant holders
                    



                        funded research
                    



                        research at his - special interest groups
                    



                        publications from his funded research
                    



                        awards
                    



                        certificates in infection prevention and control
                    





                        guidelines
                    



                        journals
                    



                        journal of hospital infection
                    



                        infection prevention in practice
                    



                        open calls for papers
                    



contact
sign in

join




















his annual conference june 2025 #hiscon25

register now
















dame judith hackitt announced as keynote speaker for his annual conference 2025 #hiscon25

read full story
















water and wastewater safety in healthcare course

register
















his early career award - nominations open!

nominations close 28 february 2025
















topics in ipc - individual courses now available

explore courses
















his training aligned with the nhse education framework for the ipc workforce

find the course that's right for you
















deep dives into ipc

listen and subscribe
























membership
journals
guidelines
for trainees
for dipcs






                                                    our members form a network of over 1,300 experts working in the prevention and control of healthcare-associated infections. our membership categories reflect the knowledge and skills of professionals interested in nosocomial infections.
                                                

more




                                                    we publish two editorially-independent journals in the field of infection prevention and control. free access to the journal of hospital infection is available to our members, and infection prevention in practice is freely available to all readers online. the journals team also run a podcast, infection prevention in conversation, to give deeper insight into published papers.
                                                

more




                                                    we collaborate with other societies and work with experts to produce evidence-based guidelines and guidance to promote clinical best practice.
                                                

more




                                                    our trainee education programme, open to his trainee members,  is specifically for medical microbiology, medical virology and infectious diseases trainees and is aligned to the rcpath curricula.
                                                

more




                                                    our ipc leaders' development programme comprises a series of 1-day events, aimed at current or aspiring dipcs and deputy dipcs, or those in a similar role.
                                                

more
















 

 



 

 

 





events
training







04 jun2025

his ipc leaders’ course - influencing others and changing behaviour 







17 jun2025

his annual conference 2025











25  feb2025

ipc training day - environmental aspects of ipc: risks and solutions







19  mar2025

outbreaks training course 







25  jun2025

ipc training day - ipc in adult and paediatric critical care







events diary











                            journal of hospital infection
                        

                            member access - journal of hospital infection
                        

login













social





















                                            05 february 2025
                                        

                                            dr susanne surman-lee to present keynote address at this year’s hiscon25 in association with the royal society for public health
                                        








                                            16 january 2025
                                        

                                            dame judith hackitt announced as keynote speaker for his annual conference 2025 #hiscon25
                                        


















                                            25 november 2024
                                        

                                            introducing his new chair: dr. manjula meda
                                        












                                                    22 november 2024
                                                

                                                    healthcare infection society featured in amr and infectious diseases supplement within the guardian
                                                








                                                    18 november 2024
                                                

                                                    his welcomes new editor to the journals team
                                                














join us on social media

@his_infection
@jhieditor
@ipip_open
@hisconf








admin[at]his[dot]org[dot]uk





join











                                © 2023 healthcare infection society (his). all rights reserved. registered charity number: 1158172.
                            




cookie
privacy
terms
find us




























