



george lewycky's home page __





  

 http://georgenet.net  
   according to the web counter 
          

send me an email    
  linkedin  
   

 current resume (computer)  










 jump to specific page:

select a link
  oracle information 
  youtube account 
  antarctica trip (manuscript, links) 
  links to find celebrities in nyc area & photos 
resume of george r lewycky 
  resume (computers)
brief bio about me   
  value=http://georgenet.net/misc/contact.html>contacting me
kristin davis (sex & city/melrose place)
spaceplaces
kristina fran duvemala (swedish 
  musical)
astronomy links
my hubble telescope 
  research of titan
 assorted photos of celebrities that i have taken 
assorted spectra & 
  spectroscopy
radioisotope thermoelectric 
  generators rtg
oracle tips & links
sites with adabas
  myspace 
 linkedin profile 
 facebook 
 
  java is needed for this box to work  



 
hi there welcome to georgenet.net. i am master of my own web domain since july 1998. 
 i'm from new jersey in the us. (its not as 
bad as they say it is). i'm a computer programmer for a state government agency. science, astronomy, nature, movies, music, travelling and computers are some of my hobbies and interests as 
you can see from my links below. 


antarctica was fantastic! 
 
back in december 2002 my lifelong dream of seeing the continent antarctica happened.
above are some of my favorite images taken with my digital camera. 
my love of penguins and quest for adventure 
was fulfilled 200% by this expedition. we left from ushuaia, argentina facing the antarctica peninsula. traveling the drake passage was very rough, and yes
i was seasick and everything flew in in my cabin from the strong currents. yes i 
would go again. it was beautiful, peaceful, exotic, safe and a dream to me. 
i found a great deal with natural habitat 
adventures based in colorado 

 book publishers/literary agents: i am working on unique non-fiction/travel book combining preparing for such a unique expedition along with the surprises with this unique trip. contact me if you interested or  click here for more info 

  click here for more photos 


   

below are my major web sites 
 
click here for information, and 
photos about my research of saturn's moon titan using the hubble space 
telescope as an amateur !!! 
 oracle tips, faq's, links 

 
my popular page of kristin 
davis of sex & city / melrose place   see the many photos i took of her 


 

 oh yes i chase celebrities in my spare time too!!! 
  click here to find out some events and locations  for some authors, celebs, etc that i use and more photos all of which i took over the years!

 
 


   
other sites i maintain 
photo's and highlights of 
kristina fran duvemala (swedish musical) 
 collection of photo's from various 'space'-related places  covering cape kennedy, lowell, stonehedge, jpl, arecibo, chitzen itza and more....
click here for my wide web of 
astronomy, space and aerospace site 



 history is sure repeating itself 






click here to  send me an email.. 

 
