




mckenzie river oregon fishing guide - oregon fly fishing vacation!
































mckenzie river fly fishing guide 
specialists,  mckenzie river fishing guide oregon trout 





     













home | mckenzie river fly fishing overview | mckenzie river fishing guide trip | book a fishing trip | mckenzie river fishing guide photos | mckenzie river fly patterns | mckenzie river fishing guide pointers | osu pac classes links 

 




        
mckenzie river fishing guide 
specialists, fly fishing oregon mckenzie river trout 


my 
second book, effective stillwater fly fishing, published by 
stackpole books, has just hit 
the stores, and it’s a fun, fast read with lots of photos. besides effective fly 
patterns and detailing techniques that catch fish in lakes and ponds, i discuss 
how to locate elusive fish in stillwaters and formulating a strategic game plan 
to move the angler toward being consistently successful at catching fish. 
if you order the book directly from me, i would be happy to sign 
it and enclose one of my signature flies tied by me personally.  softbound: 
$24.95  mailing: add $5, mainland usa only.  check or money orders.  
i cannot process credit or debit cards. thanks. 
michael gorman    330 nw autumn place    corvallis, or 97330   (phone: 541.207.4000)




 

steelhead fly angling, too, is a 
fun read. guaranteed. you can order the book directly from me. i would be happy 
to sign it and enclose one of my signature wet flies tied by me personally. in 
writing this book, i have kicked the hornet’s nest. some controversy. yes, it 
has info about flies, techniques, and where the fish are. but, i address issues 
of crowding, strategic planning, biases, and a “guerilla” approach to catching 
steelhead in a competitive environment. amato publishing did a great job of 
design, layout, and photo reproduction. the book contains more than 200 photos. 
very interesting and different, i think. hardcover: $45 softbound: $29.95 
mailing: add $5, mainland usa only. check or money orders. i cannot process 
credit or debit cards. thanks. 
 








   
welcome to 
the mckenzie river fishing guide.  
when it’s time to treat yourself to a mckenzie river trout fly  
fishing trip, even if it’s just a one-day, mini oregon fly fishing vacation, we are at your 
service.  we want you to choose us to be your mckenzie river fly fishing 
guide.  it’s our promise to make it a fun, memorable fly fishing experience.
     when it comes to selecting a mckenzie river fly fishing 
guide, you can find a hundred to choose from.  and, when the native “redsides” 
rainbow trout and cutthroat are not being selective, any fly fishing guide will do.  
the problem is --- like any other stream --- the mckenzie river trout sometimes 
need a little extra coaxing.  this is why you need a fly fishing guide who is 
experienced and resourceful, one who knows the mckenzie and her fish.  a 
variety of fly fishing techniques and the right mckenzie river fly pattern 
will enable you to catch fish when other anglers (and fly fishing guides) 
struggle.
     as for expertise and credentials, read on about our 
head mckenzie river fishing guide, michael gorman.  then, check out our 
mckenzie river trout fly fishing photo gallery  
(click here), the mckenzie river fly fishing
page, the mckenzie river fly fishing pattern
link, or just a little about the 
mckenzie itself, its proximity to eugene, and a feel for what this beautiful 
river can add to your memories .

michael gorman
 
fly fishing guide, college instructor, and author

michael gorman, founder of

scarlet ibis 
fly fishing tours, inc., has been guiding and teaching effective 
fly fishing skills for more than 30 years.  his angling knowledge and 
skills have been honed in new zealand, ireland, christmas island, the bahamas, 
florida, alaska, british columbia, and all over the western united states, 
including oregon's world-famous deschutes, rogue river, mckenzie river, and north umpqua.  
he owned and operated his own retail fly fishing shop in corvallis, oregon for 
many years, and was, also, the head fishing guide.  michael continues to 
guide throughout the calendar year, in addition to teaching credit pac fishing 
classes at oregon state university (go beavers!), where he did so for the 
last 27 years. 


always asked to pick favorite local fishing waters, michael would have to choose 
the mckenzie river, near eugene, for trout.  from late winter 
through early summer, he and his mckenzie river fishing guides are in constant 
pursuit of the river's native "redside" rainbow trout and cutthroat.  
our mckenzie river fly fishing guides are skilled in all fly fishing methods, including 
deadly nymph fishing techniques.  
(see photo below.)

here's our simple philosophy: to guide effectively is to teach 
effectively.  come learn to catch fish, and catch them more consistently: 
steelhead, trout and salmon.  though we never restrict our fly fishing 
methods, your mckenzie river fishing guide, or your rogue river or siletz river 
steelhead fly fishing guide is a nymph 
fishing specialist.  
take a tour of the rest of the 
site, or click here for details about a 
mckenzie river fly fishing guide trip.
 


contact information



telephone
541.207.4000

postal address   


michael gorman
330 nw autumn place, corvallis or 97330
mckenzie river fly fishing guide & fly fishing oregon 
mckenzie river trout
email

to contact me 
please cut and paste the following email 
address to help 
prevent spam emails, 
and please include the word 
"fishing" in the subject line of your 
email.  many thanks.
please cut and paste this email 
addressgorman_flyfishing@hotmail.complease 
include the word "fishing" somewhere in the subject line of your email note





 




                       


copyright © 2004 scarlet ibis fly fishing tours inc


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

an excellent mckenzie river 
fishing guide is uses effective mckenzie river flies, is a skilled boatman, 
conversational, and shows courtesy to any other mckenzie river guide. not all 
mckenzie river guide use flies initially, but may  evolve into being 
mckenzie river fly fishing guide.


