




































































local news | atlantic city, nj | pressofatlanticcity.com























skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















25°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school live



professional



betting



casino



local entertainment


event calendar



arts & theatre



music



movies & tv



comics



games & puzzles



play




lifestyles


contests



people



travel



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



press of atlantic archives



today's ads



flavor




our publications


flavor




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



manage my events



contact us



photo submissions



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

jobs

entertainment

lifestyles

public notices









25°
sunny














local
crime
state
politics
business
education
nation & world





                
                local news
                
                    

















        
        
            lower township to honor memory of officer killed in the line of duty

the lower township police department on tuesday will commemorate the 31st anniversary of the death of officer david c. douglass sr., who was killed feb. 18, 1994.

















        
        
            why knowing your cholesterol levels is important: dr. nina radcliff

your cholesterol numbers show how much “good” and “bad” cholesterol is circulating in your blood. here are important cholesterol facts to know for better health.

















        
        
            'evening star' venus leads host of fine sights: sky watch

venus is now at its almost unbelievably brightest at a marvelous time when many other (though less radiant) planets and bright stars are visible.

















        
        
            2nd venice park bridge to officially reopen tuesday in atlantic city

venice park's rebuilt "second bridge" on north ohio avenue over the venice lagoon will reopen tuesday, ahead of schedule, atlantic city officials said.

















        
        
            crda to hear resorts beach bar and stage proposal tuesday

the crda will consider a proposal tuesday by resorts casino hotel for an outdoor stage designed to draw new customers to a newly widened beach.

















        
        
            read the latest stories from the press of atlantic city

here are the latest local stories from the press of atlantic city, in case you missed them.

















        
        
            linwood police investigating threat against mainland regional high school

linwood police said monday they are investigating a potential threat against mainland regional high school that was posted on social media and shared across multiple platforms.























        
        
            cape turns out for presidents day protest against trump




cape may county residents gathered monday to show opposition to president donald trump and elon musk, one of a number of presidents day events throughout new jersey and the country.




















        
        
            van drew says faa cuts affect small number of tech center's newest workers




layoffs of workers throughout the federal government will affect a small number of employees at the faa william j. hughes technical center, u.s. rep. jeff van drew said monday.




















        
        
            millville woman dies in route 55 crash




a millville woman died friday afternoon after the vehicle she was driving collided head on with an suv on route 55, state police said.




















        
        
            atlantic city beach bar pool plan draws opposition from condo residents, councilwoman




residents of an atlantic city condominium complex and the councilwoman representing the area are asking a state panel to reject a proposal for a pool at a nearby beach bar.

























        
        
            atlantic county prosecutor's office sergeant injured in fall dies




an atlantic county prosecutor's office detective sergeant seriously injured in a fall last week died friday, according to his obituary. 




















        
        
            democrat parmenter to run for atlantic county surrogate




educator and galloway township board of education member sherri parmenter said monday she will seek the democratic nomination for atlantic county surrogate.




















        
        
            how much have atlantic city casinos given out in jackpots so far this year?




atlantic city casinos and their online partners have given out more than $28.1 million in jackpots since the start of the year.
































        
        
            mayor says wildwood crest could pull out of beach project agreement

everything looked set for an island-wide beach project for the wildwoods. now, two towns are expressing their doubts.




















        
        
            commission to review viability of atlantic city casino pilot program

the future of state oversight in atlantic city and the viability of the casino payment-in-lieu-of-taxes program are among the issues a commission will review and make recommendations on.




















        
        
            after 17%-20% electric rate hikes announced, anger rains down on njbpu, grid operator

the regional grid operator and the new jersey board of public utilities took heavy criticism thursday after an announcement of electricity rate hikes averaging $25 a month statewide.




















        
        
            5-day forecast: strong winds will continue monday

a look at the weather for monday through friday. the strong winds that began sunday will persist for another day or two. and the chance of a snowstorm remains later in the week. 






















        
        
            south jersey neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published today in press of atlantic city. 





















        
        
            gallery: couples renew wedding vows on valentine's day at absecon lighthouse

on feb. 14, 2025, couples renew their vows during a valentine's day ceremony at the absecon lighthouse in atlantic city. 





















        
        
            photos ocean city's winter warrior challenge

on february 15, 2025, the second annual winter warrior challenge by the high school on the sixth street in ocean city. 




















        
        
            north wildwood to dedicate monument to gold star families

vfw post 5941 and north wildwood will host a dedication ceremony may 10 to dedicate the north wildwood gold star families memorial monmouth and reopen veterans memorial park.

















                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            millville woman dies in route 55 crash


















        
        
            linwood police investigating threat against mainland regional high school


















        
        
            atlantic city beach bar pool plan draws opposition from condo residents, councilwoman



















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 

























        
        
            south jersey neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in press of atlantic city. 




















        
        
            mike's seafood autism fundraiser a sea isle city tradition. so is jason kelce's participation.

now, in its 17th year, mike's seafood run/walk for autism drew about 5,000 people saturday, including 2,200 participants, a presidents day weekend tradition in cape may county every year.





















        
        
            gallery: mike's seafood run/walk for autism in sea isle city

now, in its 17th year, mike's seafood run/walk for autism drew about 5,000 people saturday, including 2,200 participants, a presidents day weekend tradition in cape may county every year. 




















        
        
            cloudy and breezy with rain later in the day in saturday's south jersey weather forecast

expect rain to move in later in the day saturday and continue into sunday, according to accuweather. saturday's inland high is expected to be 42 degrees.






















        
        
            south jersey neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in press of atlantic city. 





















        
        
            south jersey speaks up: letters to the editor for the week of feb. 14, 2025

our weekly round-up of letters published in the press of atlantic city. 




















        
        
            atlantic city man accused of shooting woman in the face ordered held until trial

an atlantic city man who allegedly shot the mother of his child last month before attempting to clean up the scene was ordered held in jail until trial. 




















        
        
            atlantic city in-person casino revenue up 2.6% in january, but overall revenue fell nearly 1%

money won from in-person gamblers at atlantic city's casinos increased by 2.6% in january, even as overall gambling revenue declined by nearly 1%.









more local news



























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

newsletters

contests

all access faq

join our team

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

digital marketing

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        press of atlantic city	, cornerstone building1201 new road suite 240 linwood, nj 08221
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe































