



play bridge online




















 






 
        login here to play


play against the computer
interactive lessons
competition ladder
beginners instructions
play anywhere 24/7
              or your desktop, laptop on your iphone, ipad and android

play with your friends(your friends can play free)













learn to play bridge online
play bridge online against the computer or with interactive bridge lessons.          
bridgedoctor is a great way of learning how to play bridge online and it's available 24/7.  no software to install - from sign-up to playing in just 60 seconds!          
bridgedoctor can even be played on your smartphone or tablet.
on bridgedoctor you can play against the computer (practice hands or daily competition) or you can play live games in an online room with your friends. if you have a premium (paid subscription) membership you can invite your friends can play live bridge in a room with you for free - your friends can be on free memberships.

 




frequently asked questions
update your credit card details
unsubscribe 
 
 




our bridge game feedback
"fantastic contract bridge website. i am learning a huge amount. i have forwarded site to all my bridge friends."
"great fun but addictive"
"this is the best value for entertainment that i have ever spent..the service for the price is absolutely excellent."
"your lessons have gone from great to superb! as a novice, i am able to hold my own with players who play much more often than i because i can learn and practice on bridgedoctor. i also really appreciate the lack of ads and spam. you are truly dedicated to promoting bridge for the love of the game."
 


 
beginners lessons 
bridgedoctor has everything you need to learn how to play bridge online. like many bridge websites we have text lessons on how to play contract bridge. these lessons are listed below, however what makes bridgedoctor different from many other websites is that here you can also play bridge against the computer. for beginners, playing against the computer is a great way to practice and learn to play bridge. when you play bridge against the computer there are no time constraints, you can take as much time as you like to play each hand. you can review the previous tricks and review all the cards played at the end of the game. when you gain more confidence you can join our competition ladder and rank yourself against other bridge players. there are still no time constraints when playing on our ladder as you are still playing against the computer. 
          
there is no need to download and install any software, our game runs in your web browser.          



standard american bridge lessons
acol bridge lessons




introduction to bridge - hand evaluation
opening bids
bidding game
responder bidding
opener rebids 
responder suit bids
responder no trump bids
responding to overcalls
opening 1nt 
responding with balanced hands 
responding with an unbalanced hand
notrump rebids 
responses to notrump rebids 
overcall or double
takeout doubles
responses to takeout doubles
opening 2nt
responses to 2nt
opening strong 2 clubs
responding to a strong 2 club opening
responding to an opening weak 2 bid




hand evaluation
opening suit bids
bidding "game" 
responding to "opener"
"opener's" rebids 
responder’s limit bids 
responder notrump bids 
overcalling bids
responding to overcalls 
opening 1 notrumps 
respondingto opening 1nt 
rebidding notrumps
responding to notrump rebids
overcalling 
takeout double
opening  2 notrumps 
responding  opening 2nt 
opening strong 2 bids
responding to  strong 2 clubs
opening weak 2 bids
responding to weak 2 bid










  privacy policy



 
  
 











