








terete hot tubs | traditional all year cedar wood hot tubs


























































 


terete hot tubs
traditional all year cedar wood hot tubs



menu
skip to content
home
wooden hot tubs

about cedar wood
blog


gallery
brochure
contact us
chemicals
 

search for:



 







home



we are extremely proud to announce the introduction of riviera hot tubs all new design & spec. hot tubs, with extra thick staves. once seen we believe our riviera hot tubs as good as sell themselves.

established in 2002, we specialise in the supply and installation of traditionally coopered,  cedar wood hot tubs and barrel saunas. all of our hot tubs are manufactured from the finest western red cedar, which is handpicked from the lumber yards in canada. we ensure to only use straight vertical grain, knot-free, kiln dried heart-wood, for maximum quality and effect. we then import the cedar hot tubs to the uk, where they are installed using our ‘state of the art’ jets, bubblers and heating control systems, offering an all-round modern and relaxing experience within the traditional setting of the hot tub. please note that the only plastic found within our hot tubs is in the plumbing.
 
the unique properties of the cedar wood, which is sourced from sustainable forests, ensures the user a hot tub experience which is second to none. users can be secure in the knowledge that their cedar hot tub will last for decades and will be fitted to a high standard by our hot tub installers. also, its manufacture and eventual disposal will have an absolute minimal effect on our environment, given the natural outset of the materials involved.
 
our hot tubs and barrel saunas are suited to any garden, offering a traditional and stylish look. depending on the size of the garden, hot tubs can be cordoned off within a section, providing a unique hideaway for maximum relaxation. your cedar hot tub can be enjoyed in any weather and utilised alone or with family and friends. terete also accommodate sports injuries and general aches and pains, which can be most welcome in the cold months or after a hard day running through the daily routine life has to offer.





rolls royce of hot tubs

terete are the rolls royce of hot tubs, the quality and craftsmanship of the product is a delight and the service from mike and his team is faultless. the fun and pleasure myself, family and friends have in the tub is without doubt worth the money. go ahead and get one ...i thoroughly recommend it.

gordon , a very happy customer,
perth, scotland


 2015-02-10t10:55:35+00:00      terete are the rolls royce of hot tubs, the quality and craftsmanship of the product is a delight and the service from mike and his team is faultless. the fun and pleasure myself, family and friends have in the tub is without doubt worth the money. go ahead and get one …i thoroughly recommend it. … continue reading rolls royce of hot tubs →  http://www.teretehottubs.co.uk/testimonials/rolls-royce-hot-tubs/  




a plastic tub would not feel right … the smell of the cedar is just delicious

i am sending some photos of our hot tub as we have now finally decorated the basement. it is looking lovely now and the hot tub is used every day . . . a life saver after a days skiing!! yes i did get a sauna in and a games room with flat screen tv. it's our little den down there and we get sky piped down there now so i spend more time there than any other place!!

honestly, i am so glad i bought this type of tub from you, as a plastic one would just not feel right ... and the smell of the cedar is just delicious ... it fills the basement.

kind regards
todd - french alps


 2015-02-10t10:59:24+00:00      i am sending some photos of our hot tub as we have now finally decorated the basement. it is looking lovely now and the hot tub is used every day . . . a life saver after a days skiing!! yes i did get a sauna in and a games room with flat screen tv. … continue reading a plastic tub would not feel right … the smell of the cedar is just delicious →  http://www.teretehottubs.co.uk/testimonials/plastic-tub-not-feel-right-smell-cedar-just-delicious/  




installation was easy and efficient

we wanted a traditional cedar hot tub and terete had a product that was exactly what we wanted.
installation was easy and efficient and we have had exemplary help and advice at all times.
a good company and a good product!

ed & laura - bamburgh


 2015-02-10t11:00:47+00:00      we wanted a traditional cedar hot tub and terete had a product that was exactly what we wanted. installation was easy and efficient and we have had exemplary help and advice at all times. a good company and a good product! ed & laura – bamburgh  http://www.teretehottubs.co.uk/testimonials/installation-easy-efficient/  




it is so easy to look after the tub too; it is just fabulous.

just a few words to let you know how delighted we are with our hot tub.
having the tub is enhancing our enjoyment here every day.
just one example is at night, with all the lights off, to gaze at the stars from the comfort of warm of the water is magical.

it is so easy to look after the tub too; it is just fabulous.

best wishes
jeremy & mal - portugal


 2015-02-10t11:01:53+00:00      just a few words to let you know how delighted we are with our hot tub. having the tub is enhancing our enjoyment here every day. just one example is at night, with all the lights off, to gaze at the stars from the comfort of warm of the water is magical. it is so … continue reading it is so easy to look after the tub too; it is just fabulous. →  http://www.teretehottubs.co.uk/testimonials/easy-look-tub-just-fabulous/  




leagues above all else on the market… do it, you will never look back!

    

you may think you might want a standard plastic hot tub until to try one of these. you just can not compare the gorgeous smell of the wood, it's gentle bouancy, the room to move freely around, the clarity of the crisp white bubbles against the rich wood, sheer luxury, it's like an escape into paradise, a little piece of calm in a hectic life, any stress just melts away. 

there is no chance that these are fad you will get bored of.  they work beautifully on a cloudy dull afternoon, in glorious sunshine, even in rainstorms but in our opinion it is simply stunning in the snow. it's a well needed piece of the great outdoors in any season. just amazing!  of course our friends and family, particularly our 2 children, thoroughly enjoy using the hot tub. (its a great family time activity even with a few plastic ducks and a couple of water pistols thrown in).

i have zero hesitation in recommending both the product and mike and his team. do it, you will never look back!  danni, tim and our very happy children – wakefield aug. 2015


5.0
 2015-08-22t12:12:49+00:00      you may think you might want a standard plastic hot tub until to try one of these. you just can not compare the gorgeous smell of the wood, it’s gentle bouancy, the room to move freely around, the clarity of the crisp white bubbles against the rich wood, sheer luxury, it’s like an escape into … continue reading leagues above all else on the market… do it, you will never look back! →  http://www.teretehottubs.co.uk/testimonials/leagues-above-all-else-on-the-market-do-it-you-will-never-look-back/  


1.0
5

 
  

we are an experienced company in yorkshire, with an excellent reputation across the uk. when you shop with us, you can be assured that our hot tubs come complete with peace of body, during every bathing experience. our hot tub installation team will also provide you with peace of mind, where you can feel secure in the knowledge that our service is guaranteed.
 
we are extremely proud to offer such quality cedar hot tubs and barrel saunas, through a successful and satisfying business, which has grown from years of experience in offering customers an exceptional service, from the point of interest, to after the purchase.
have a browse at the cedar hot tubs or barrel saunas on the website, and visit the gallery for ideas on how yours could look. should you have any questions, whether you have a query about the hot tub installation process, or you are unsure on what design in suited to your garden, please do not hesitate to contact us.



￩
￫
x






×





                        previous
                    

                        next
                    




 











					proudly powered by wordpress				










