
turbotraining - turbotraining.com














home
public classes
truck classes
auto classes
books and videos for sale

navistar diagnostic tools

ford powerstroke diagnostic tools

your  instructor

engine cutaway slideshow
contact








click play for a welcome message from
  turbotraining president, bruce amacker.




    click to download a full class description (pdf).






to see the latest news from turbo training,
visit our facebook page.






      6.7l powerstroke
      training class
this class covers the 2011 6.7 liter powerstroke engine, which is completely designed and built by the ford motor company. 

visit the 6.7l powerstroke class page for more information and images. 
 
 

      6.7l powerstroke manual


        (manual only) 
        $89.95

 


 
  7.3 powerstroke training video & manual


dvd and manual

60 minutes in length, this training video covers all operating systems- glow plug circuits, fuel supply and delivery, complete heui theory and application, oil pump low pressure and high pressure circuits, all plumbing circuits involved for both systems, computer and injector driver module systems, diagnostic procedures, computer strategies, injector sleeve replacements, common problems and pattern failures.
  live scan tool diagnostics and many diagnostic tips!

  $169.95, a $10 savings from the price when purchase separately!

 
 

 6.0l powerstroke training video & manual


    dvd and manual  
        60 minutes in length, this training video covers all operating systems- glow plug circuits, fuel supply and delivery, complete heui theory and application, oil pump low pressure and high pressure circuits, all plumbing circuits involved for both systems, computer and injector driver module systems, diagnostic procedures, computer strategies, injector sleeve replacements, common problems and pattern failures.
    live scan tool diagnostics and many diagnostic tips! 

     order now and get the video and the 250 page full color manual for only $189.95, a $30 savings from the price when purchase separately!





  copyright ©

 turbotraining.  all rights reserved.





