










westshore district | tampa bay, florida | westshore alliance



















































subscribe
contact us
 












 






 






 






 





















doing business

why westshoretampa’s westshore district is the center of activity not only in the tampa bay region, but also on florida’s west coast. learn more 
development

real estate development
tour the district


amenities

hotels & meeting space
shopping & dining


resources

alliance events
resource center




explore westshore

interactive mapsexplore things to do, what’s new and what’s to come for those who work, live, play and stay in tampa’s vibrant westshore district. learn more 
the district

why westshore
live in westshore


entertainment

parks & green spaces
shopping & dining
sports & entertainment
hotels & meeting space


community information

community events
getting around
resource center




westshore alliance

westshore alliancefrom modern transportation to marketing and beautification, the district is focused on being the best it can be. learn more 
about us

leadership
priorities
strategic plan 2023-2033


additional information

alliance events
alliance news
resource center


membership

member portal
enrollment form
member directory
becoming a member




resources

visit westshorewestshore offers something for everyone – whether you’re planning a full-scale conference, a weekend getaway or something in between.  learn more 
resources

alliance news
publications & reports
newsletters


membership

member news
deals
job board


westshore alliance

priorities
member application
member directory




 






 






 






 






 

 








together we rise
see why the evolving westshore district is tampa bay’s largest employment center with more than 6,500 businesses.

explore westshore 















 
				located on the western edge of the city of tampa, the westshore district is home to more than 6,500 businesses. experience the region’s largest commercial office district while in close proximity to the finest shopping, dining, sports & entertainment that tampa has to offer. make westshore’s thriving district part of your future business plan in tampa.

			





our leaders are invested in westshore























































































strategic plan 2023-2033







upcoming community & member events







membership










success @ westshore
paving the way of the future










a business gateway
westshore is the largest commercial market in the tampa bay region with more than 6,500 businesses, 100,000 employees and offering more than 15.3m sf in commercial office space. the area is poised for the success of the tampa bay office community.










 
												“if you look at westshore on a map, it’s really the
bullseye of the bay area. we can recruit talent
from new tampa, brooksville, st. pete. this is the
one hub that brings all these different markets
together.”											

randy hassen
















a thriving community
westshore is home to a thriving 24/7 community with 15,000 residents and growing. it boasts some of tampa’s finest restaurants, world-class shopping, entertainment venues, extraordinary hotels and vibrant neighborhoods.










 
												“people are excited about what’s happening in the
area. you see more and more people walking
around the area than ever before, because it’s
being connected with all these different pieces.
the energy is second to none, and that does not
die at 5 o’ clock.”											

saxon baum



















positioned for growth
the westshore district will continue to grow and expand with many projects focused on infrastructure and investments in a variety of industries. the top-rated tampa international airport (tpa) is within the district as are much of the region’s hospitality offerings with 45 hotels and more than 250 restaurants.










 
												“i think you need to come and explore it, because
you will see that this is a great place to live, work
and play.”											

karin coleman













 








our history & our future
the district through the years










today, the westshore district is a hub not only for tampa bay, but for the west coast of florida. it boasts some of tampa’s finest restaurants, world-class shopping, a vibrant neighborhood and more. continued planning and innovation ensure that the community will continue to grow and thrive responsibly.

2020










2013 is a big year for westshore. the westshore district public realm master plan is published and the courtney campbell trail opens for recreational use. future-thinking becomes baked into the westshore culture.

2010s









international plaza opens in 2001, bringing with it upscale first in market shops, restaurants and, eventually, an attached hotel.

2000s









groundbreaking on the raymond james stadium in 1996 is followed by the first buccaneers game in 1998 against the chicago bears.

1990s









1983 sees the first annual meeting of the westshore development association and ron rotella is named the executive director. the name of the organization is officially changed to the westshore alliance in 1989.

1980s









from cow pastures and orange groves, a greater vision is conceived. this began with the original air strip being located within the district. it continued with the tampa stadium groundbreaking taking place in 1966 and opening of the first austin center building in 1967 which kicks off a wave of innovation that quintuples land value.

early years












stay connected
join our email list to receive the latest news on the westshore district.




email*


 submit































 






 






 






 

 

about westshore

quick facts
real estate development
live in westshore
getting around
interactive maps



westshore alliance

about us
board of directors
committees
newsletters
contact us



membership opportunities

membership benefits & enrollment
member directory
alliance events


member portal login



































