


the brock agency: north carolina's agency for representing models and talent of all ages, as well as career management.























home

about us
agency resume
directions / map


how to submit


newsletter
brock families
login

talent access
client access
admin access


contact







frankczarnowski
shadow c.lavalley
sido'connell
joannechesley
josealvarez
josealvarez
bradycarpenter
johnbianco
johnbianco
johnbianco
damiantirado
daminatirado
craigrivela
gerardcordero
gerardcordero
gerardcordero
richardmeiman
traviseller
traviseller









brock featured







jared staley
outcast





adrienne wilkinson
star trek renegades





victor gage
echoes of an ancient past





erik hasty
outcast





thibault hangyas
cwd kids





donnie bentley
under the dome










latest bookings































at the brock talent agency, we proudly represent a diverse range of talent across the entertainment industry. our agency submits talent for various projects, working to connect you with opportunities in film,television, and other media. please note, submission does not guarantee an audition or a booking. while we strive to present the best candidates, being submitted for a project is only one part of the casting process.we are committed to supporting your career and every step of your journey in the industry. it's important to note that professional headshots significantly increase your chances of being selected, far more than selfies.you can obtain quality headshots from any experienced photographer, and it's essential to keep them up to date. additionally, having an updated actor resume and reel is crucial for showcasing your experience and talent effectively.
demonico



exclusive: marc john jefferies, dorien wilson and gerard cordero have signed on to star in a scripted series from donnell henry. omar gooding is also in talks for a role.

they are set to star in demonico, which is in development at seal of the gods films (content is king). franky g (power) and javon johnson (the oval) have also joined the cast.

demonico is set in the high-stakes world of hitmen and follows nicholas demonico, a hitman is double crossed and left for dead by his employers who comes back to wreak vengeance on them, with the help of his 12-year-old daughter.
jefferies (get rich or die tryin', losing isiah) and cordero (ray donovan) are set for lead roles, with wilson (the parkers, sister sister) playing a kingpin and should gooding (barbershop, deadwood) sign on, he'll play an fbi agent.
demonico marks a first tv series project for seal of the gods founder henry. breece wilson (brown sugar) is the executive producer.
marc john jefferies is repped by walker talent management, dorien wilson by burke management, omar gooding by silver arougheti entertainment group, gerard cordero by the brock agency, javon johnson by gill talent group and franky g by alta global media.


click here for more on demonico
click here for demonico vimeo video

















helpful links




welcome online talent!!! we are so excited to be working with you!
to talent:
if you are already on file with us, we have already created an online account for you - please make sure to
login as soon as possible to update and activate your account! click on
talent login above to login or to retrieve your password.

to clients:

we are so excited to be offering you a faster, more efficient way to meet all your talent needs. we'll be in touch shortly to provide you with a login & password to search our online database of fabulous talent!
the brock agency, inc. represents models and talent of all ages, as well as managing their careers. known as one of the largest and most professional agencies in north carolina, the brock agency, inc. prides itself on managing the careers of talent and models located across the entire united states.
casting networks
the actors guide south east
judy kerr: acting is everything
arbonne international
deborah bell design
paper birch designs









site links

home
about us
newsletter
contact us



quick access


brock families
talent login
client login



company info

agency resume
map / directions
how to submit




social media links











©2018 the brock agency.   |   privacy policy   |   website design by  idein design group





