

uncle jimmy weldon a voice you remember, webster webfoot and uncle jimmy and yakky doodle from the yogi bear tv show















your user agent does not support the html5 audio element.


  stop background sound






jimmy weldon, the voice you remember 



         





     


the 
        motivator from hollywood's earlier days





home    
    |   webster's history    |    
    photos    
    |    interview    |    
    guest 
    book    |    store    |    
    bio



 



click on yakky



webster webfoot  accompanies jimmy on all his
    speaking engagements. your group will laugh, 
    cry and learn from webster & jimmy. call
    today to book them for your next meeting. 
 
818-761-4767


jimmy's keynote presentations:


motivational--go get 'em tiger 
sales--selling with
    humor
supervision--finding
    the innovation & enthusiasm you had as a kid
full-day seminar--the
    leader in you





    jimmy is also webster webfoot. he had the first children's program in the 
    dallas/fort worth area on wfaa-tv  in 
    dallas, texas, which began a television career that spanned the next 
    nineteen years across america.
     

    webster   still sez, 
    "i'm only three ... but i'm tough!" were you ever a guest on our show? 
      see jimmy's bio
     





    
his book ... "go get
    "em, tiger!" ... contains a step-by-step formula for success that anyone can
    easily follow to achieve their ultimate dream. the opening chapter ..."the witnessed
    murder" ... explains how a little seven year old boy saw his future unfold because of
    his wonderful mother! learn how it was done. 


television
    & movies
jimmy's
    clients include:


television appearances:
    webster webfoot, funny boners, dragnet, dallas, the fall guy, knight rider, waltons,
    father murphy, rockford files, b.j. & the bear, sheriff lobo, swat, family holvak,
    aloha paradise, oregon trail and halls of ivy. television voice: yogi bear show, huckleberry hound show, the
    flintstones, lucky luke and many more.
movies: wrong guys, chattanooga choo choo,
    giant, stairway to heaven, portrait of a rebel, americathon, the daughters of joshua cabe,
    the phantom planet.
at&t, rockwell, boeing,
    hughes, rohr industries, teledyne, gte, farmers insurance, century 21, coldwell banker, starnet (san diego), hershey business, association of govt
    accountants, igo (independent garage owners), nurserymen's association, auto dealers
    office managers association, loral instrumentation, society of die casting
    engineers, abex corporation, auto dismantling association, budweiser sales,  auto glass
    dealers association, insurance women of arizona, american business women's association, orange county
    purchasing managers association, auto recyclers of michigan, mitsubishi bank, lockheed space operations, aetna insurance sales, cuna insurance
    group, california moving & storage association, kern county medical & bar
    association, society of plastics industry, credit union league of california, lear
    astronics mgnt team, general dynamics electronics division, iga/fleming foods, jack in the
    box franchisees, independent insurance agents & brokers, american cemetery assn
    (sales), isuzu sales, ag women of california,
    independent bankers convention, national hardwood association, american petroleum
    industry, arrowhead
    water staff (sales), nat'l association of fire fighters, teledyne ryan electronics, bakers
    of southern california and westinghouse (washington)          


jimmy travels from los angeles, california.
contact jimmy for merchandising options that can offset part
    or all of your educational investment.




uncle
    jimmy weldon & webster webfoot
    5104 ledge ave.
    burbank, ca. 91505-2724
818-761-4767  jimmy@jimmyweldon.com








visitors to this site




back to top


this website is designed, 
                      hosted and maintained by
 webtech design group



christian web design & hosting plans

                      to report a problem on this website, please contact our 
                      webmaster at:


terry@webtechdg.com
 

