






ksipro |































presentation furniture
loudspeaker systems
pdf downloads
quote-contact
 


select page


  
 
 












home
ksi presentation furniture
advantage line

adl-25 lectern
adl-32 lectern
adl-25m-2 multi-media lectern
adl-32mm multimedia lectern
adl-32-2 multi-media lectern
adl-36mm multimedia lectern
adl-38m multimedia lectern
adl-40mm-1 multimedia lectern
adl-48mm mulitmedia lectern
adl-32pc presenter’s cart
adl-60pd presenter’s desk
adl-22cr 1 bay credenza
adl-44cr 2 bay credenza
adl-66cr 3 bay credenza
adl-88cr 4 bay credenza
adl mixdesk


essential line

esl-32 multimedia lectern
esl-36
esl-40 lectern
esl-48 lectern
esl-cr22 credenza
esl-cr44 2 bay credenza
esl-cr66 credenza
esl-cr88 credenza
esl-pd36 presentation desk
esl-pd48 presentation desk
esl-pd60 presentation desk
esl-pd60-4 presentation desk
esl-pd72 presentation desk
esl-pr405 presenter’s cart
esl-r6 thru r40 equipment rack


ksi premier line lecterns

l-100 series statesman lectern
l-200 series congressional lectern
l-400 series executive lectern
l-500 series delegate lectern
l-600 series pedestal lecterns
table top lecterns


ksi lecterns/sound systems
ksi ada style lecterns
ksi finish options
premier line options
electric height adjustment
logos and identity
flex line credenzas
immediate delivery
quote-contact
how to order
faq-presentation furniture
loudspeaker systems
faq-loudspeakers
ksi 2 x 2 grid ceiling speakers

ksi cs series downward firing speakers
ksi csd series 4 fixed direction 2×2 firing speakers
ksd csd-sw series swivel directional 2×2 speakers


ksi wall and ceiling mount speakers

retrofit wall mount speakers
backbox wall mount loudspeakers

501-wmbb
601-wmbb
801-wmbb
811-wmbb-hp




near field loudspeakers

501-sh
601
801
811-hp


ksi 70 volt transformers












call 410.383.2167 to speak with a designer/engineer






ksi professional™ – quality american made presentation furniture




ksi professional™ has been manufacturing quality presentation furniture for more than 30 years. during those many years we have provided thousands of lecterns, desks, credenzas, carts and custom pieces for corporations, government agencies and educational institutions.
our philosophy is providing you with uncompromising quality of construction and finish for the products you purchase. during every phase of the procurement process, we are committed to making that process as easy and efficient as possible for you. from design consultation, drawings for approval, to delivering the final product, our singular goal is to do the best job we are capable of for our customers.
ksi professional™ offers you three lines to accommodate your presentation furniture needs.










ksi advantage line™ – eco-friendly melamine construction



ksi’s advantage line™ is value engineered, making it ideal for the educational environment where cost effective budgets are important. the advantage line™ combines robust ksi fabrication with tfm (thermally fused melamine), which is manufactured from recycled and environmentally friendly materials. stylish and up to date, products include popular lecterns, racks, credenzas and desks with ten finish choices to immediately improve the look and functionality of your room.
click here to see the advantage line™️








ksi essential line™ – real wood veneer presentation furniture




ksi’s essential line™ of presentation furniture offers traditional ksi quality of finish and appearance. a-1 grade real wood veneers on premium mdf furniture grade core provides optimal stability and strength. choose from lecterns, credenzas, desks, carts and equipment racks. all models are right at home in college, university and government installations and environments where our legendary robust construction will provide you with long term reliability. every model in the essential line™ comes standard with the most popular features, allowing you to quickly and efficiently install all of your equipment in a minimum amount of time.
click here to see the essential line™









ksi premier line™ – fully customizable – presentation furniture




ksi’s premier line™ offers the most choices and options for your presentation furniture requirements. each piece starts by hand selecting only the finest premium grade veneers and solids. hand selecting assures you that only the choicest specimens are utilized for the highly visible exteriors. the natural character of the wood grain is visually balanced with all design aspects, thereby creating ksi’s distinctive expression of design. after careful selection, only skilled craftsmen will create each piece to exacting specifications. and with attention to detail in every step, it’s no wonder that our finishes are so smooth and lustrous.
we are currently updating this section. please use the menu on the left or you can call or email us for your requirements. thank you for your patience.
click here to download the pdf ksi professional catalog







 









ksi professional • 3403 sinclair lane, baltimore, md 21213 • 410.383.2167 • fax 410.383.7573





all ksi professional products are  made in america
 



site design byplum creative associates



 

















