


home - the association for facilities engineering



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top





























become a member
member login
menumembership benefits of membership renew your membership chapter locator get involved career centerbusiness partners benefits of partnering  post a job afe marketing options business directoryprofessional development afe credentials cpe® cpmm® cps® renew credentialsevents calendar afe forward 2025industry abma aee ashrae asme ncsea phccabout history about afe leadership afe members store











explore our prestigious credentials that offered for maintenance management, plant engineering, and plant supervising.


explore now








become a member of a chapter closest to you for opportunities to meet with other facility professionals, participate in events, and grow your network.


apply now








are you interested in reaching facility managers and engineers? become a corporate partner today to begin connecting with our members.


more info












membership
become a member of a chapter closest to you for opportunities to meet with other facility professionals, participate in events, and grow your network. 

apply now






events
check out our events open to members and corporate partners nationwide and by local chapters or regions. we host events both in-person and online!

browse events






training
get the skills you need and the training required to start the path to receiving your afe credentials

browse courses










association for facilities engineering
the association for facilities engineering (afe) is a professional membership organization serving all professionals working in the built environment. we bring together professionals who ensure the optimal operation of high-rise commercial real estate, industrial plants, classified and non-classified government facilities, campuses of higher education, and medical centers around the world.  established in 1915, afe remains the leading technical education and credentialing resource for facilities management professionals.
we work every day to provide tools and resources to enhance the expertise and broaden the connections of facilities management professionals worldwide.
 



keyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right••••••



afe business partners




advertisementadvertisement







afe chapters










credentials










business partners 











afe foundation 
















afe news & updates 










upcoming events 










credential renewal 











job openings 














advertisementadvertisementupcoming eventsupcoming eventsget social with afe





facebook feed
afesocial/?notif_t=page_fan






 
connect with us...


   
















2735 hassert blvd.
suite 135-307
naperville, il 60564
(888) 432-1264
admin@afe.org




education
credentials cpmm, cpe,cps
renew credentials
career center 

organization
about us
leadership & staff
foundation






partner
group membership
on-site trainings
post a job
 
business
business partners
upcoming events
find a local chapter






community
renew membership 
your local chapter  
post a resume 
 








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









