

lower cholesterol reduce cholesterol level lowering cholesterol diet






























 





web



www.60daystolowercholesterol.com























		home




		lower cholesterol naturally


 
		cholesterol management 




		understanding cholesterol



 
		effects of cholesterol




		cholesterol levels
 


		lower cholesterol
 

 
		testing cholesterol



 
		procedures for lowering cholesterol




		low cholesterol diet



 
		lipoproteins 




		reduce cholesterol



 
		side effects of statin drugs



 
		heart disease





		natural health


read 
		more





"hurry.and 
		get this surefire electronic manual to lower your cholesterol without 
		harmful drugs.before these methods are smothered by those who don't want 
		you to find out about them!"

read 
		more... 




		earn money 




		contact us




		join our newsletter 




		testimonials




		faqs







 








            
           what is cholesterol?
 

             cholesterol is a waxy substance produced by the liver. it is 
			essential to every cell in the body. cholesterol also enters the 
			body through the saturated fats we consume in certain foods. 


		  	there are two basic types of cholesterol. one is considered "good" 
			the other "bad." the bad cholesterol is called low density 
			lipoprotein (ldl). a blood test that reveals bad cholesterol below 
			130 milligrams per deciliter (mg/dl) is considered good. the good 
			cholesterol is the high density lipoprotein (hdl). it works to 
			cleanse the blood vessels of excess ldl cholesterol, so a higher 
			number, anything above 40 mg/dl is desirable. overall or total 
			cholesterol should be below 200 mg/dl for optimal health. 

  why 
		is it important to lower cholesterol?


           	lower cholesterol is important to living a long and healthy life, 
			one that is free from heart disease or stroke. those are risk 
			factors that come with elevated levels of cholesterol. the health 
			problems arise when there is too much total cholesterol in the blood 
			because it can no longer move freely through the arteries. over time 
			excess cholesterol builds up against the artery walls and narrows 
			the space through which blood flows. this narrowing of the arteries 
			is called atherosclerosis. eventually this passage becomes so small 
			it closes off blood flow completely and the result is a heart attack 
			or stroke. the risk of this is even greater if you also have high 
			blood pressure, diabetes, or if you are overweight.          

		     
 
 how can you lower 
			cholesterol naturally?


		  	prescription drugs are commonly prescribed to lower cholesterol. one 
			effective and popular class of drugs is called statin drugs. these 
			medications do work to lower overall cholesterol, but carry with 
			them a number of side effects, some serious. such negative side 
			effects can be nausea or vomiting, headache or diarrhea. there is 
			also the risk of muscle weakness or soreness, which is an indication 
			of possible kidney failure.


		  	to lower cholesterol naturally, diet and exercise are imperative. a 
			low fat, low cholesterol diet containing specific vitamins and 
			minerals can significantly lower ldl cholesterol. this is true 
			whether your cholesterol is the result of poor diet choices or 
			hereditary. in addition, exercise can raise hdl cholesterol so that 
			your body is better equipped to remove excess ldl cholesterol.


		  	learn more about the proven formula for lowering cholesterol 
			naturally and how to avoid life-long drug therapies in 

			  the 60 day prescription free 
			cholesterol cure.

for more answers to your cholesterol questions, search our 

		  	indexed library of cholesterol-related topics.











	home | 
	understanding cholesterol | 
	effects of cholesterol | 
	cholesterol levels | 
	lower cholesterol | 
	testing cholesterol | 
	procedures for lowering cholesterol | 
	low cholesterol diet | 
	lipoproteins | 
	reduce cholesterol | 
	side effects of statin drugs | 
	heart disease   | 
	site map 
	| 
	resources  |  
	resources2  |  
	
	natural health



	60-days-to-lower-cholesterol  2007, mangano 
	publishing corporation







