



jackson orthodontics | orthodontist jackson nj








































tap for menu





about usmeet dr. miriam furlongmeet dr. eric segallmeet dr. heather albertmeet the teamwhat sets us apartwhat sets us aparttestimonialsbefore and after refer a friendcontests and funoffice eventsget startedappointment requestpatient formsfinancial informationoffice visitsoffice touroffice locationprivacy noticeabout orthoorthodontic faqscommon orthodontic issueslife with bracescolor my bracesemergency careorthodontic retention and instructions3m tru definition scannertreatmentsbraces and appliancespalatal expandersurgical orthodonticsearly orthodontic treatmentclear alignersclear alignersinvisalign® infoinvisalign® for teensinvisalign® faqsinvisalign® testimonialsinvisalign® videosinvisalign® for adultssuresmile®clarity™ aligners 




(732) 942-8400



									jackson, nj
								













									patient rewards
								
patient login 




















“jackson orthodontics is a wonderful place and experience.”
– amanda h.

actual patient






“this place is awesome. it lets you have fun while having dental work. all of the people are incredible and so nice. i can't wait for my next appointment.”
– jason g.

actual patient






“jackson orthodontist is great. for example, their employees are so friendly and they tell you what they’re going to do in your mouth so you’re not clueless. another reason why there great is they ask you how you feel and there smile point reward is awesome.”
– aliyah

actual patient






“recommended to everyone i know, the service is excellent and i really see a difference.”
– gerzain

actual patient












						why patients choose us
					

why patients choose us
we are focused on providing an exceptional treatment experience, and results that exceed expectations.










						our amazing results
					

our amazing results
incredible results and inspiring journeys; see some of our patients' before and after photos.










						your first visit
					

your first visit
our greatest goal is to give you the healthy, straight, beautiful smile that you've always wanted. 










						online patient forms

					

online patient forms
please take a minute to fill out the patient information form before your first appointment:













 miriam t. furlong, dmd
each day at the office, i get the opportunity to meet with some of the  brightest, most talented and kind people in the community. because i  live in town, i often run into patients outside the office and i get to  know their families.

read more









new patient appointment request




patientforms




contactus






welcome to jackson orthodontics


 dr. eric segall & dr. heather albert are respected providers of comprehensive orthodontics in the jackson, howell, and millstone, nj communities, with a reputation for excellence for 20 years. we use the latest orthodontic technologies and treatments, combined with a gentle, personal touch, to create simply stunning smiles. it is our goal to “wow” our patients from the very first visit, and make every patient feel special.
dr. segall & dr. albert take a proactive approach to orthodontic care by following the american association of orthodontists’ recommendations that children see an orthodontist by age seven. by seeing patients at this age, we are able to address abnormalities that parents and even dentists didn’t detect before they become a more serious problem.
we use the safest and most effective techniques available for our younger patients in early interceptive orthodontics (phase i), as well as traditional braces for our teens and adults. we also have cosmetic options including invisible ceramic braces and clear aligner treatment, along with the latest in digital technology, to ensure that you achieve the best possible smile.
dr. segall, dr. albert, and our team come to work with a mission to give patients a great experience, and together we make it happen. experience the jackson orthodontics difference for yourself—schedule a complimentary consultation at our jackson orthodontics today!







let's get started





what to bring


take the tour


your first visit to jackson orthodontics gives dr. furlong and our team the chance to learn about your orthodontic needs and smile expectations. it also gives you the opportunity to get to know a little about us and check out our office!
your first visit





new patients


current patients


we want to make your first visit to jackson orthodontics as easy and hassle free as possible. simply download and fill out your patient forms ahead of time and get ready to begin your smile transformation.
patient forms





sign up


check my points


we want to make your first visit to jackson orthodontics as easy and hassle free as possible. simply download and fill out your patient forms ahead of time and get ready to begin your smile transformation. 
get your rewards







 
 



patient rewards




we're ex­cit­ed for you to par­tic­i­pate in our fun-filled re­ward  pro­gram. earn points for var­i­ous ac­tiv­i­ties such as con­test and  sur­vey par­tic­i­pa­tion, and so­cial en­gage­ment. re­deem points for  cool prizes and more.

patient rewards login








view our
 photo booth


























like us on
 facebook

jackson orthodontics


















						186 w veterans hwy
						jackson, nj 08527
					

(732) 942-8400












back to top



website powered by sesame 24-7™|
site map|
privacy notice











