


ap calculus ab


























    
	ap calculus ab
	
  
an interactive log for students and parents in my ap calculus class. this ongoing dialogue is as rich as you make it. visit often and post your comments freely.







thursday, june 29, 2006



	 
	 the adventure continues ...
	 
    


our adventures in blogging continue....watch for 3 new blogs going live september 6, 2006 ...pre-cal 30s (fall '06) (grade 11)pre-cal 40s (fall '06) (grade 12)ap calculus ab 2006-07 (grade 12)



                      





posted by darren kuropatwa @ 6/29/2006 03:49:00 pm  
    	
         4 comments






wednesday, june 28, 2006



	 
	 so long ...
	 
    


we had our graduation exercises today. a gentle push into the world for all of you. i hope you're leaving with the keys to your future in your hand.i'm so glad we've had this time together,just to have a laugh or learn some math,seems we've just got started and before you know it,comes the time we have to say, "so long!"so long everybody! watch this space in the fall for pointers to new blogs for each of my classes. farewell, auf wiedersehen, adieu, and all those good bye things. ;-)



                      





posted by darren kuropatwa @ 6/28/2006 06:15:00 pm  
    	
         0 comments









	 
	 student survey results
	 
    


the exam is long over and we did a little survey in class. the results are below; 4 students participated. here are the result. please share your thoughts by commenting (anonymously if you wish) below .....how prepared were you to write this exam? (average score out of 100)75%how much effort did you put into preparing for this exam? (average score out of 100)67.5%how good a job did your teacher do preparing you for this exam? (average score out of 100)92.5%did you have enough preparation using your calculator?yes   100%     no   0%did you have enough preparation without using your calculator?yes   50%     no   25%     middle    25%was i too hard or too easy on you??semester 1 was easy. semester 2 was really hard for me. it killed me actually.just right.too easy.too hard.what was the best learning experience you had in this class?blogging (2)mini exams (2)group workwikipre-teststeaching and explanations were very clear and easy to understandwhat was the worst learning experience you had in this class?homework (2)noneblogging on blogging before testswhat suggestions can you share for next year?more wiki assignments from past exams.more exam-like long answer questions in class.have students doing boardwork in class.the blog didn;t help me that much.it's interesting to compare the items that were considered both the worst and best learning experiences. also, take a look at the list of worst learning experiences compared to suggestions for next year. help me do a better job next year by commenting on what you see here ....



                      





posted by darren kuropatwa @ 6/28/2006 06:02:00 pm  
    	
         1 comments






friday, june 09, 2006



	 
	 the places you'll go!
	 
    


you have brains in your head.you have feet in your shoes.you can steer yourselfany direction you choose.            --dr. suess, places you'll go it's almost graduation--what direction are you choosing?



                      





posted by anonymous @ 6/09/2006 07:09:00 pm  
    	
         0 comments






monday, may 29, 2006



	 
	 passing it forward--
	 
    


some 43 years ago, when i was about your age, my father who used to travel a lot, wrote  me a letter enclosing  a small article clipped from a magazine.  in that letter, he wished for me a life of purpose and joy.  he shared with me the clipping which described such a life and quoted george bernard shaw whose words you can read above. i carried that article with me for years; unfortunately, somewhere in the many moves, it was lost.  but not the thought and the power of those words.  they have become a part of who i am.  i know that my career as a teacher, and the mentoring i do now for teachers seeking national board certification are but "drops in the ocean" in this often violent, globalized world of ours but  my life has been filled with joy, happiness and love.i'm sure that my father writing and sharing those thoughts adds to their meaning for me, especially now that alzheimer's prevents him from recalling what occurred.  but his belief in me, in mankind in general, shaped my world.  i'm passing that forward --my belief in you, my belief in mankind, and my wish that you find the real joy in life!



                      





posted by anonymous @ 5/29/2006 08:09:00 pm  
    	
         0 comments






friday, may 26, 2006



	 
	 wishing you success ahead!
	 
    


i am thinking that these days each of you, your family, and your friends are looking to your future and wishing you success.  i'd like to do that too!!  to wish for you all that emerson describes--   would this meaning of success be one you'd be willing to adopt?



                      





posted by anonymous @ 5/26/2006 06:58:00 pm  
    	
         0 comments






thursday, may 18, 2006



	 
	 two roads diverged in a wood---
	 
    


the road not taken by robert frost     two roads diverged in a yellow wood,and sorry i could not travel bothand be one traveler, long i stoodand looked down one as far as i couldto where it bent in the undergrowth;then took the other, as just as fair,and having perhaps the better claim,because it was grassy and wanted wear;though as for that the passing therehad worn them really about the same,and both that morning equally layin leaves no step had trodden black.oh, i kept the first for another day!yet knowing how way leads on to way,i doubted if i should ever come back.i shall be telling this with a sighsomewhere ages and ages hence:two roads diverged in a wood, and i-i took the one less traveled by,and that has made all the difference.this has always been one of my favorites as i've found myself faced with those "two roads diverged" so many times in my life. i'm thinking you may now be viewing "two roads diverged" now as you are about to graduate and i know you will be many other times in your lives.my choosing   ( it wasn't necessarily an easy choice.) earlham college was one of those times i "took the road less traveled" and it has made "all the difference" in my life. my years at earlham have had a profound impact on who i am today, how i see the world, and what i believe.have you taken/will you be taking a road "less traveled by" and has it/will it made/make "all the difference"? or does it matter?



                      





posted by anonymous @ 5/18/2006 07:25:00 pm  
    	
         0 comments















about me

name:  darren kuropatwa 

view my complete profile

email mr. kuropatwa!
our visitor map












peek in on all my classes at mr. k's
superglu page



links

the scribe list
ap calculus ab wiki solutions manual
the editor's initiative
 ap calculus peer help (sarah's blog)
the prince of calculand (our digital story)
study skills resources
test taking strategies
dr. math
mathematics archives
math dictionary
math encyclopedia
mathworld
history of mathematics
humour break (why is this here?)


recent posts

the adventure continues ...
so long ...
student survey results
the places you'll go!
passing it forward--
wishing you success ahead!
two roads diverged in a wood---
congratulations--  what's next?
kakuro sunday
running up that hill

archives

september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006


why we blog....

the brain of the blogger
educating the net generation
generation m: media in the lives of 8-18 year olds




more math blogs

gchs math blog (mr. kaminsky)
7th grade math (mr. tubbs)
s1 math (mrs. armstrong)




the 10 most recent del.icio.us resources tagged: apcalc



view rss feed



find out what this is all about.

learn how to do this yourself.



feed windows


42s ap calculus

ms. german (winnipeg)











 





 



this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noncommercial-sharealike 2.5  license.




