









apnea board - sleep apnea discussion forums, cpap manuals and advice

























apnea board - sleep apnea discussion forums, cpap manuals and advice - sleep apnea patients helping one another 
 









		home	


		adjust cpap pressure	



		change cpap pressure settings - adjusting your machine with a clinician setup manual	


		cpap pressure change directions	


		cpap clinician setup manuals	


		how to find optimum pressure on cpap	


		free sleep apnea tracking software for your computer	
 

			apnea board forum			

 

			apnea board wiki			



		sleep apnea info	



		daytime sleepiness test	


		what is sleep apnea?	


		symptoms of sleep apnea	


		sleep apnea videos	


		is cpap for me?	







apnea board is an educational web site designed to empower sleep apnea patients

.














click here to enter the apnea board forum
we encourage you to register as a member of apnea board (it's totally free)














sleep apnea (or sleep apnoea in british english) is a sleep disorder characterized by abnormal pauses in breathing or instances of shallow breathing during sleep. each pause in breathing, called an apnea,
 can last from a few seconds to minutes, and may occur 5 to 30 times or 
more an hour. similarly, each shallow breathing event is called a
 hypopnea. sleep apnea is diagnosed with an overnight sleep test called a polysomnogram, or "sleep study".

there are three forms of sleep apnea: central (csa), obstructive (osa), and complex
 or mixed sleep apnea (i.e., a combination of central and obstructive) 
constituting 0.4%, 84% and 15% of cases respectively. in csa, breathing 
is interrupted by a lack of respiratory effort; in osa, breathing is 
interrupted by a physical block to airflow despite respiratory effort, 
and snoring is common.

regardless of type, an individual with sleep apnea is rarely 
aware of having difficulty breathing, even upon awakening.  sleep apnea is
 recognized as a problem by others witnessing the individual during 
episodes or is suspected because of its effects on the body.  symptoms
 may be present for years (or even decades) without identification, 
during which time the sufferer may become conditioned to the daytime sleepiness and fatigue associated with significant levels of sleep disturbance.









copyright © apneaboard.com

please help us...
apnea board is an educational web site and we survive on the kindness of our members. if you have benefited from our cpap setup instructions, the manuals or the forum, please consider donating a small amount to help us pay for our increased bandwidth hosting costs.
we greatly appreciate your help! 
if you would like to donate using a major credit card, please click on the "donate" button below to use paypal for your donation (you do not need a paypal account to use your credit card):



thanks much for anything you can do.    if you would rather donate by cash or check, please click here.   apneaboard.com is not a 501(c)3 corporation, therefore your donation is probably not tax-deductible. if you have questions, consult your tax accountant.


















recent forum topics





					question about machine
 



					positional apnea device
 



					are weight loss and aerophagia correlated?
 



					lowenstein devices and flow limitations?
 



					cpap for outdoor activities
 



					a doctor said i don't have sleep apnea but i am convinced i do
 



					result of my home sleep study test - is cpap 1st option
 



   






















privacy policy
navigation



		home	


		adjust cpap pressure	

 

			apnea board forum			

 

			apnea board wiki			



		sleep apnea info	











