


coronavirus references, folk dancing, sunvic valves and much more.



www.seered.co.uk




seered covers a
            wide range of topics.



new january 2025,
the imposition of gender neutral dancing 
                at sidmouth folk festival.  

                also a letter in the sidmouth 
                herald of 24 january centred on gender neutral dancing
                august 2024
a short review of the dartmoor 
                folk festival held in south zeal annually, immediately 
                following sidmouth folk week.
january 
                2024 
                steering rack gaiter replacement on citroen xsara picasso, 
                instructions, with many photographs, to show how to replace a 
                steering rack bellows on many citroen cars - xsara picasso, 
                xantia, berlingo and others that use a similar or identical 
                model of steering rack.

                september 2023 
helium party and helium birthday balloons - why you shouldn't buy them and why they 
                should be banned. also, how relatives of the royal family 
                (specifically the commoner mother of kate middleton) profited 
                from wasting probably hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of 
                this irreplaceable gas via sales from her company party pieces. 
                (links and photos to be added). having made her millions 
                from selling environmentally damaging products, she also 
                benefited from covid business support (copy : times article)

december 2021 covid vaccine 
                injections 
                - discussion of a 
                possible explanation for the very small number of deaths linked 
                to blood clots after receiving the az vaccine especially - could 
                part of the reason be simply that intramuscular injections are 
                not these days aspirated in many countries - to ensure the 
                contents of the syringe are not injected directly into a vein? some doctors and nurses seem to think so. 
                it has been suggested that vaccine effectiveness might also be 
                reduced.

march 2020 covid 19
                (coronavirus) - a record of covid in the early months, with 
                some interesting references that may have been lost in the 
                deluge of more recent data.
december 
                2019 carbon offsetting - a discussion of why it
                is a dangerous delusion. also a review of the australian environmental film 2040 - the
                making of which was claimed to have been carbon offset!
repair 
                of honda izy and other mower metal decks - an example of 
                what can  be done!
highights for 
                folk dancing sections
                november 2023  

free dance lessons - devon and 
                somerset

links to the main folk dance sections on this website.

twenty five years of folk dancing - fun,
            frolics and feuds.
 folk dance diary -
            highlights from my 2016 folk dance diary - fun and exercise for a few pounds a month! why
            don't more people take up the hobby?

reviews of folk
            dance festivals in the uk - eastbourne, lichfield, chippenham, sidmouth and towersey.
 my contributions to set and turn
            single magazine over the period 2011 to 2016, those were the 
                days - pre-covid!

                *********************************************************************************************************************************
other sections, as more detailed 
                below.

                one of the earliest topics addressed was the abuse of authority by local councils when
                implementing s.215 of the planning acts. this dated from 1998
                through to around 2006. one case involving chester city
                council is well documented.
subsequently the website was extended to include similarly chilling behaviour by the
                crown prosecution service (cps). my interest here arose out of experiences in folk dance clubs. subsequent study of the legal aspects,
                undertaken early in 2016, showed how readily false allegations of sexual abuse or sexual
                assault had been accepted as fact. again, one case amongst many is
                well documented on the internet. another similar case reported
                in the uk press has now been turned into a book.
                most recently, as of late 2019, the metropolitan police (at that 
                time mismanaged by cressida
                dick) agreed to pay £900,000 in agreed damages and legal costs arising from false
                allegations made by a fantasist. the money will of course be paid out of public funds. no
                resignations or loss of pension rights will occur - the police are well above that sort of
                accountability. one highly publicised case of 2023 was that of
                
                andrew malkinson who spent 17 years in prison in the uk 
                after being wrongly convicted of rape. he is probably one of 
                hundreds. a whitewash public enquiry may be held. 

                an earlier twist to whole sexual abuse saga in the uk was that in december 2016 hundreds
                or maybe thousands of police officers were suspected of abusing 'vulnerable' members of
                the public. it was suggested the problem is much under-reported. details are on these and
                many other links: guardian,
                bbc, telegraph.
as with the much earlier abuses of power by local council officials (many of which are
                not recorded on the internet), many innocent people have been imprisoned after false
                claims were accepted. there appears to be no governmental concern about major miscarriages
                of justice.
the paranoia and hysteria surrounding sexual abuse in the
                uk has led to a situation in which imprisoning 100 innocent men for ten or more years each
                is now seen as more acceptable than allowing one guilty person to escape justice. this
                represents a
                reversal of the historical norms of the uk criminal justice system.






review of folk
            dance festivals 2015 onwards - what was good and what has
            become appalling!




this is from 2015 at towersey. 
                it typified the festival atmosphere of the campsite in those 
                much-remembered days.

the folk festival at towersey began over 50 years
                ago as a small village event, and centred upon a normally sleepy village.
                the festival soon became a major highlight
                of the folk scene, including for ceilidh and other forms of folk dance and entertainment.
                i attended for many years starting in 2007 - in many ways it was my favourite festival.

                in 2015, and because of changes to local farming practices, towersey had to relocate to
                the thame showground. at about the same time, management control passed more and more from
                steve heap to his son joe. steve heap is perhaps best known as one of the directors of the
                sidmouth international festival, in the period to 2004.
                (he is mentioned 176 times in 77 pages of this website.)

                the new site layout and management at towersey changed the 'ambience' of the
                festival. it no longer feels as though it has any connection with the village. in both
                2015 and 2016 a separate 'fringe' festival
                was held in towersey to raise money for local amenities. this only takes place on one day
                and there is no dance element - it would be difficult to compete with the main festival.
                yet the villagers achieved a great deal - including an impressive website.
sidmouth also has its 'fringe' events, both in town as a central
                (but unofficial) part of the event, and also as a separate
                smaller and wholly unconnected festival outside the town. again these have no social
                or ceilidh dance element.

                recent changes to towersey festival have mirrored those elsewhere, but are maybe more
                extreme. the critique given here is centred upon its
                recent history, and especially on dance events during 2015 and 2016.
in 2016 the unwelcome or unsatisfactory aspects included lax site security, poor site
                design, overly simple ceilidh dances (with several repeated by other callers), inept dance
                instruction and grossly excessive sound levels at both ceilidhs and concerts - even louder
                than in 2015.
on the positive side, a few of the dance events and especially that with the relatively
                new anglo-french band topette were very good indeed. with a few easily implemented
                changes, other events at towersey could attain a similarly high standard.
ceilidhs at towersey in 2012/2013 were enjoyable and featured many interesting dances,
                a couple of which i still use myself. this page outlines the
                changes that were imposed in 2012. however, by 2016 the music for ceilidh dances had
                become absurdly loud. this is the reason why i and other dancers no longer chose to
                attend or recommend what used to be a highlight of the ceilidh dance year.
one local
                dance band leader who attended towersey with a troupe of dancers a few years ago told me
                that one particular band 'sounded better from a field away'.
other festivals are reviewed including chippenham, lichfield and eastbourne (which 
                transferred to evesham for 2020 onwards, a much nicer town but still in school buildings.)in 2020 the festival 
                relocated from its
                temporary home on the thame showground to a country park - claydon estate in buckinghamshire, (mk18 2ex).
it is a superb venue - i first attended in 2023 but much of 
                the
                dance music was still far too loud, and the standard of ceilidh 
                dance was pathetic. most 
                folk dance festivals were of course cancelled in 2020 and 2021.
                a few detailed comments on 2023 will be added later. 2024 was 
                billed as the last of these festivals, at least in the large 
                format. in 2025 a smaller 
                festival is planned on the same site, with the same key 
                organisers. the website is impressive - just a pity about the 
                standard of ceilidh dance and the absurd loudness of the music 
                then? the t&cs are also draconian, and some of them, if enacted, 
                could land the organisers in a civil court facing a claim for 
                damages.comments can be sent to:  stevewozniak42 (at) hotmail.com







folk dancing
                goes back several centuries as a pastime for all social groups. yet folk dance clubs are
                in decline in the uk, despite that they could help combat both loneliness and obesity -
                two of society's most pressing health issues.

                like so many 'minority interests' folk dance is beset by internecine rivalries, feuds and
                vendettas - but don't let a few miserable and dull people stop you trying to have some
                fun! the same applies to muppets too!


within the many
                    folk-dance centred pages on this website you will find my dance
                    diary for 2016. this is a record of just how much enjoyment, exercise and social
                    contact can be had from an expenditure of a few hundred pounds a year - far less than the
                    cost of medical care were anyone to become chronically depressed. maybe dancing should be
                    available on the nhs?here are some highlights from my 2016 diary.
i wrote 'my year of dance' both as a record for myself and
                    to help encourage further uptake of a hobby that may soon be consigned to history - unlike in ireland where local dances are still very much part of the
                    'living tradition'. i suggest that the present high attendance figures for folk dance
                    festivals and weekends-away may merely be a passing phase - characterised by a generation
                    of older experienced dancers enjoying their wealthy retirement. the demise of local clubs
                    and their ageing clientele points to a dearth of experienced english country dancers a
                    decade or more hence.

                    it is in the more lively local clubs that by far the best value dancing can be found -
                    assessed as cost per unit enjoyment. sample calculations are presented to illustrate these
                    points. my opinion is that most small folk clubs are dull, uninspired and lifeless -
                    little wonder they fail to attract and keep new and/or younger members. 'social glue' is identified as maybe one missing ingredient in many
                    small clubs.
in a free country we are allowed to have theatre critics,
                    film critics and restaurant critics. my review of folk dance
                    festivals is an attempt at something similar. yet according to some festival 'terms
                    and conditions', publishing anything 'negative' about an event is enough to get you banned
                    for life. we shall see..... it is maybe time also we had a 'tripadvisor' 
                    guide to local folk dance clubs as a spur to enhancing 
                    standards and raising the profile of the hobby.
various disputes in the folk dance world remind me of
                    britain in bloom in sidmouth almost two decades ago. for expressing different views and
                    for (not) tending my wild garden i was vilified in the local press over several years,
                    told to leave town and threatened with court action by east devon district council. the
                    arguments culminated in a bbc tv documentary 'countryside at war' and with an extensive
                    interview on radio 4. somewhere i still have the tapes. maybe it is time for another tv
                    programme?
dance offers probably
                    one of the most cost effective ways to meet people of the opposite sex - it can be far
                    more effective than computer dating (see next panel below) and with a cost per dance as
                    low as 30p. however, it can also be one of the best ways of 
                    spreading covid : folk dancers breathe deeply, in close 
                    proximity to each other and hold hands with dozens of people 
                    within an hour. the key to safety is well ventilated dance 
                    halls, even if you do need to wrap up warm.







online computer
                    dating is now a multi-million pound industry in the uk and spread over scores of different
                    websites. world-wide it is claimed to be a billion dollar industry. many claims are made
                    for the effectiveness of online dating, yet there seem to have been few objective studies.a basic statistical analysis is presented here
                    - it is based on the author's intermittent study of two mid-market computer dating
                    sites in the uk over the period 2008 to 2012. it never achieved a wide
                    readership because the internet was so swamped with 'dating' websites and related articles. most of the readers are people who have chanced up my
                    website for other reasons.





it is argued that the
                        industry is inefficient in delivering a service to some types of subscribers owing in part
                        to profiles being spread across a wide range of often unconnected websites. it is shown
                        that whilst dating websites may claim to have 80,000 to 90,000 members, the number that
                        are both active and able to contact other members may be less than 10% of the headline
                        figures. 

                        some of the problems experienced by users are outlined. new charging structures such as
                        ‘pay-as-you-go’ are proposed which, together with use of simplified but equally
                        effective matching models, should enable a more cost efficient service to be delivered to
                        a much increased number of users. it is argued that present day sites are characterised by
                        dishonest presentation of data, restrictive fee structures and models for matching people
                        to one another that are both overly complex and largely useless. as of 2016, little had
                        changed, except that many 'app' based services were available for 
                        smart phones.






despots in local
                    government: public servants would become our masters.


decades
                        ago, local government was an inefficient and overstaffed mess - but at least 'public
                        servants' knew their place and many tried to do a decent job of work. nowadays, local
                        government is characterised by spin, glossy brochures, excessive 'management' salaries and
                        pay-offs and an increasingly high-handed approach to dealing with the public.of
                        particular concern are social services departments who utilise the slightest and often
                        imagined excuse to take children away from their parents and place them into 'care'.
                        kenneth clarke, the justice secretary (as of march 2012) said that 'there are 'far too
                        many experts' involved in producing expensive reports for low grade and often neurotic and
                        self-serving council officials - who then use them within the ultra secretive family
                        courts system to remove children from their families. the parents are forbidden even to
                        talk to any advisor. it seems to be a largely unrecognised problem, addressed over many
                        years by the campaigning journalist christopher booker in the sunday telegraph newspaper
                        and by john
                        hemmings mp.
either local councils need stripping
                        of many of their powers, or new arrangements are needed to ensure that abuse of
                        authority is curtailed.  one option might be to make local officials responsible for
                        legal costs - just as they can now be held personally responsible for health and safety
                        breaches.
in recent years the crown
                        prosecution service has been heavily criticised for decisions to prosecute in cases
                        where the evidence was completely (and obviously) without foundation.






sidmouth
                    remains famous for its 'folk festival' - once one of the largest, most colourful and
                    peaceful music and dance festivals in europe. what does the future hold? new in 2010/11
                    and updated almost every year since,  a newcomers' guide to folkweek.




for 50
                        years sidmouth hosted its international festival of folk arts amidst the scenery of east
                        devon. families travelled from across the uk for their annual 'spiritual renewal'. 2004
                        was the last year for this amazing spectacle.read the full story here of how folkweek arose from the ruins of the
                        international festival. 2005 was a very small affair yet 2006 was a great success. and so was 2007! for
                        2008 the organisers cut costs to try to shore up the finances. 2009
                        was rather wet at times. 2010 was a perfect year for weather -
                        but not for social dancers. 2011 was a challenging year - the
                        recession was supposed to be hitting disposable income, yet many
                        folk festivals were a sell-out. and sidmouth's 'fringe' event
                        became more popular. 2015 saw a real revival of social dance with some hugely popular
                        contra workshops by american caller tom hines. 2016/17 were also excellent years for
                        social dance. 2024 was notable for the imposition of 
                        'gender-neutral' dance styles by the new dance director,
                        charlotte rich-griffin. she 
                        looks like a doe-eyed placid little woman - but looks 
                        can be deceptive.






many
                    years ago, after personal experience with electronic sunvic central heating motorised valves,
                    i took a few to pieces to establish exactly why they had failed prematurely.




 
little did i foresee
                        that the ensuing webpages would become one of the most widely
                        read sections of seered. of course, most
                        householders are fearful of taking their central heating system to pieces - they rely on
                        often inexperienced 'heating engineers'.

                        it is particularly disappointing that many years after these webpages were first
                        published, sunvic were apparently still telling customers that they knew of no failures of
                        these products - yet because of the inherently questionable design, many or maybe most may
                        fail within a few years. some householder experiences are here and including where these actuators are sold as
                        part of expensive worcester bosch space and water heating systems.

                        sunvic still sold these
                        products into 2021 when the company filed for 
                        liquidation. it was a sad end to a once competent 
                        british company that once made products that lasted 30 
                        years. some of their more modern offerings were 
                        appallingly designed (in the uk?), manufactured using 
                        chinese and korean components and they lasted sometimes 
                        as little as 18 months. internet coverage centred on 
                        this website may have hastened the demise of the company 
                        - at least i like to think so! even in 2025 i am still 
                        sent some of these actuators to mend. one of my minor 
                        hobbies!






town
                    planning and conservation areas. 




when is
                        a tree not a tree? when it is both in a supposedly protected conservation
                        area and in the way of proposed development?if you know of similar documented cases, please let me know. here is an example from cumbria. the local mp is reported as
                        having said it is a case of "wanton vandalism" by a property developer. in july
                        2011 the same developer (now apparently running a different company) applied for
                        permission to build houses on the site - who says crime doesn't pay?
the whole point about the uk 
                        of course is that crime does pay and on a massive scale 
                        - here is an article from december 2021. domestic small 
                        scale corruption is part of a much bigger picture.






town
                    planning and flood plains. 







when are
                        flood plain planning policies not applied? when well connected people want to build on the
                        flood plain?when the wealthy owner
                        of sidmouth's nissan dealership creates a new commercial car park
                        by dumping hundreds of tons of rubble in a sensitive area and local councils and the
                        environment agency effectively look the other way?
or indeed when erewash borough council apparently behaved
                        in an appalling and unprofessional manner? householders and insurance companies have been
                        left to deal with the consequences of what appears to be blatant indifference to local
                        flood risks.

                        this is all old material but as of 2015 - and after the floods of recent years - how much
                        has really changed?






are
                    you still buying lottery tickets? why is there so little analysis of how all the money is
                    spent?





an old section of seered analysed how £120
                        million of lottery money was spent on computers in libraries. arguably, the project
                        should have cost far less. the then minister, tessa jowell mp, refused to answer
                        my questions perhaps because she couldn't think of any plausible answers. after all,
                        this was the blair babe who didn't even know about her own mortgage! she was later tasked
                        with persuading us that the london olympics were to be competently managed.since publication of seered the number
                        of gushing press releases about the p.n. scheme fell markedly. no connection, of course!
                        in dec 2004 i was invited to send views to the dcms
                        select committee

                        in subsequent years, uk public libraries began a steady decline. many became more like
                        noisy 'internet cafes' than places where proper study could be undertaken. in effect,
                        libraries were dumbed down to incorporate a 'social inclusiveness' agenda. cutbacks have
                        now led to reductions in staff - most competent librarians have been replaced by casual
                        part-time staff - who are much less expensive to employ. as of 2018 
                        and into 2021, the decline
                        has continued.





towards a
                    surveillance society - the early years.



most
                        people have little idea of the extent to which their privacy has already been compromised.
                        governments will soon be able to build a contact profile for every citizen - as well as
                        being able to plot their every move using face recognition technology - an appalling
                        prospect in many countries. the technology is already being developed and tested
                        especially in china. the now obsolete privacy section of this
                        website outlined a few topics that were of interest in 2003/4. these were smart cards,
                        cctv, encrypted emails and rfid tagging of anything from cars to
                        clothes. this section is now years out of date - it predates the snowdon era for example.
                        yet it offers a glimpse of the early years of the privacy debate. this was a time during
                        which many new threats, especially the widespread use of rfid tagging, first began to be
                        appreciated.





the britain in
                    bloom campaign has been criticised for wasting public money on boring displays of garish
                    flowers. in 2005, it spilled over into abusive comments about the
                    seered author by sidmouth town council! 



for
                        decades the britain in bloom campaign has been synonymous with
                        garish arrangements of environmentally useless plants. councillors waste hundreds of
                        thousands of pounds of public money to create ever more outlandish displays.few sidmouth residents take part. maybe soon we can
                        put an end to the cult of chequebook gardening? in 2008, sidmouth in bloom even had a
                        competition for the most environmentally friendly garden - and
                        what a mess they made of the judging criteria!
serious gardeners (and even one or two
                        government ministers) recognise we need to divert effort to growing more fruit and
                        vegetables at home - and allowing gardens to become wild and untended in order to
                        encourage insects and birds. it may be another ten years before the 'bloomers' awake to
                        such sensible ideals!  






folkweek camping
                    on a small site on the outskirts of sidmouth




made
                        popular during various folkweek events, a small
                        camp site is available for motor-homes or small caravans. further details on this page.











this is a large site with discrete sections
            and the navigation is currently poor in places. if you get lost, please return here and
            start again.

seered is written by a
                retired scientist and author who finally decided 'enough was enough' when faced with the incompetence
                and malevolence of local councils in england. based in the seaside town of sidmouth, 
                the website was first published in february 2003. 'hits' 
                exceeded 120,000 in the first year with over 50,000 page views. the major sections are nowadays not those of the original website over a decade ago.
                expect some broken links as pages are reordered or renamed, especially within the folk
                dance sections.

            the whole website is currently set to expire in november 2026 - or maybe
                sooner if i don't live that long.
contact email address:
            stevewozniak42 (at) hotmail.com - and remember to replace (at) by @
copyright © 2003 - 2025