


\rascal flatts heaven//








 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close



 



 
 




 
 

 


\rascal flatts heaven//
rascal flatts pictures
more rascal flatts pictures
joe don rooney 
gary levox 
jay demarcus 
reviews
contact me 
favorite links
rascal flatts info
rascal flatts fans
link to my site
vote and promote
guest book 
 







join the coolest street team ever! the flatt dog pound! just click here      news: rascal flatts latest album greatest hits is in stores now!! be sure to get it!! it is a great cd!!rascal flatts have a new single called "what hurts the most" please call your local radio staions and request it!! welcome to rascal flatts heaveni chose to do my website on the 3 guys that have inspired me most!!! this group rascal flatts is more amazing than any other group i have heard. they have talent, beautiful voices and they are extremely nice, down-to-earth guys.  jay demarcus is cute,funny, talented and he gives great hugs!! gary levox is cute, nice, and he has an amazing voice!! joe don rooney is hot, talented,  and one of the sweeetest guys i ever met. i love you joe don! anyways if you never heard of the guys yet you will. i predict they will be one of the biggest groups ever!!  








the coolest country stars
        << previous
       | join
       | next >>  
    


 














joe don's fave dessert
sex in the pan.bottom crust:2 cups chopped pecans, 4 cups crushed frosted flakes, 2 sticks butter, melted, 1 cup rice flour. combine and press into 10 x 14 cake pan. bake 20 minutes in 375 degree oven. chill thoroughly. other ingredients: 16 ounces cream cheese, 4 cups powder sugar, 4 lg pkgs instant lemon pudding, 4 cups cool whipfirst layer: combine cream cheese with powder sugar. fold in 2 cups cool whip. spread over crust & chill. second layer: mix pudding & milk until slightly thickened. spread over first layer. chill 8-10 hours.before serving: top with 2 cups of cool whip.visit my 2nd site 



 how do you rate this site ?no opinion1 - the worst site ever2 - it's terrible3 - it's lousy4 - it's below average5 - it's average6 - it's good7 - it's very good8 - i like it9 - i love it10 - the best site everwebmasters - get this box: win an award 
if ya feel like talking to another rascal flatts fan just email me.
email me paulslowplacesgirl@yahoo.com.com



 




 
 


 












