















home - mukilteo historical society






































 



skip to content




mukilteo historical society



menu
about

mission statement
officers & directors
membership
meeting times
sponsors
events calendar
event photos


visit

shop
things to do
group tours
location & hours


learn

exhibits
history
muk revisited
digital archive
gallery
presentations
newsletters
faqs


support & shop

volunteer
donate
sponsorship
shop


community resources
essay contest



search for:



 





home 
home 




welcome!
the mukilteo historical society is committed to preserving the mukilteo light station and the history of mukilteo. the mukilteo historical society assists the u.s. coast guard and the city of mukilteo in the preservation, maintenance and accessibility of the light station for all to enjoy.
come, explore, and savor the beauty – we’ll leave the light on!


 plan a visit! membership donate


announcements
we are still offering private gift shop openings by appointment. contact shoplocal@mukilteohistorical.org to schedule your safe, private, local shopping outing session.
mhs newsletter
read the summer 2024 edition of the mhs newsletter for more on upcoming events and special hours of operation.





news




new led lightthe uscg installed a led light source inside the fresnel lens on march 21, 2022. the new led light isset to flash once every… 
read morecomet neowise glimpsed over lighthousethe newly discovered comet neowise was captured passing over the mukilteo light house in july 2020 by mhs member mhs member dan germano.
read morearchives onlinethe mukilteo historical society archives can now be accessed online! as of december 2021, over 5,000 photo, object, archive and library items can be… 
read moreload more


 






hours the lighthouse and gift shop are open saturdays, sundays, and some holidays, 1 pm - 4 pm april through september

the grounds are accessible year round.
plan a visit
love wa lighthouses? 
ask for the washington lighthouses license plate when purchasing a new car or when renewing your tabs at your local vehicle office. if you love the mukilteo lighthouse, you'll love this plate!
proceeds support restoration and education at 12 washington lighthouses and helps protect our waters.
more info

 
 
               like us on facebook!




©2017 mukilteo historical society
mailing address:
mukilteo historical society
304 lincoln avenue, suite 101
mukilteo, wa 98275 
contact us at info@mukilteohistorical.org for information or to join.





























