




  






home - newark chamber of commerce, ca




















 









































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






































































join today!









member login









contact us




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






































































join today!









member login









contact us















business directory






directory search


dining


lodging


real estate








the chamber






about us


ambassadors


directors & staff


contact us


history


message from the board chairman


message from the president & ceo


photo gallery








events & programs






e-gift cards


webinars


current events


calendar








member services






join us


member to member deals


membership benefits


sponsorship & advertising


why join us








our community






calendar


coronavirus (covid-19) information


demographics


elected officials


human services / 211


newark at a glance


other newark chambers








business resources






partners

score
one stop
temp agencies



covid-19 assistance


jobs


economic development


strategic initiatives






other resources

training & seminars
starting a business



































newark chamber of commerce
2023 restart and ceo recruitment!
see newark chamber ceo recruitment for chamber “restart” here...
a great opportunity to lead an exciting transformation!
learn more about the chamber board’s “restart” plans:

ceo job description (.pdf)
stakeholder interview report, 2022 (.pdf)




newark chamber presentation to city council
july 28, 2022


newark hotel market shows strength in the region, research presented by embarcadero hotel group with city of newark finance staff
november 10, 2022




the economic development report
march 24, 2022


the economic development report
january 12, 2023




thank you for visiting the newark chamber of commerce!
revisit this website to see its tranformation under the chamber's new ceo!




















welcome to the newark, california chamber of commerce! 











get email updates







post an event







member directory







other newark chambers







news & more



































newark businesses are open for business! shop local!
city of newark covid-19 information
 




















get to know our members! find them here, in our business directory.
 
 












about the chamber

















connecting for success



"i love the newark chamber of commerce. the staff there try to make sure i have up to date information for my small business during the covid pandemic. in addition, they were able to host my website for a small fee. this is great because i did not need to pay for hosting fees and editing fees. the system is super easy to use."














building business



the chamber partners with the city and other business-focused organizations to proactively recruit, retain, and help you build your business through programs and opportunities based on your needs. you, our partners and the chamber together are a winning combination. we can't do it alone, but together we are unstoppable. what help do you need? and where do you think you could get involved and make a difference for someone else? 














representing business



the chamber speaks on behalf of our businesses to address issues, policies and regulations that impact their ability to thrive. collectively our voices can effect positive change that we, on our own, cannot. speak out!


















the newark chamber of commerce was pleased to partner again with the city of newark by virtually hosting this year's state of the city address on may 13, 2021. 
if you weren't able to hear and see the live presentation on may 13, the video event is available for you to watch at your convenience. we encourage you to set 45 minutes aside to see how progress continued throughout the pandemic. you'll be glad you took the time.
"click here" to hear about the challenges over the past year and how they were successfully met, plus uplifting "good news" examples as we are poised to reopen and reclaim a new era for newark.

this presentation was supported by the generosity of our amazing sponsors, whom we sincerely thank, including: washington hospital healthcare system, washington township medical foundation, cargill, republic services, newpark mall / brookfield properties, and kaiser permanente.







 
































upcoming events















 


















 

















sign up for email updates!































 
 



 
















































































connect. grow. prosper. belong!








































 newark chamber of commerce

  35501 cedar blvd, newark, ca 94560

  510. 578.4500

  info@newark-chamber.com









mailing address:
37101 newark blvd, newark, ca 94560

















































© copyright 2025 newark chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.




















 


