








conlon thompson orthodontics | braces and invisalign in mchenry il


































































815.344.2840

free consult













get started

first visit
getting started
why choose us
insurance & financing
new patient forms
amazing new smiles


meet us

dr. thompson
dr. conlon
meet our team
our community

girl scout troop night




treatment

for kids

braces for children
two phase treatment
sleep apnea in children


for teens

damon metal braces
damon clear braces
invisalign teen


for adults

damon braces for adults
invisalign
sleep apnea in adults
tmj
surgical orthodontics




technology
affording your smile

financing treatment
braces cost
invisalign cost


patient center

emergencies
faqs
contests & events
tommy’s kids club
coin club


contact

contact us
request an appointment
refer a patient
refer a friend
join our team














 
























experience the
difference
it’s about the way you feel when you walk through the doors of conlon thompson orthodontics for the first time, how you feel when you leave with that beautiful smile you have always wanted, and every interaction in between.
come experience the difference and let us be the best part of your day!

get started



















meet dr. t



meet dr. c





meet mchenry’s
favorite doctors
since 1977 we have worked to create the best smiles and boost the confidence of mchenry families. our doctors, dr. michael thompson and dr. michael conlon are leaders in the orthodontic industry. they have the expertise and training to provide you with a beautiful, confident smile. chances are we have created a new smile for one of your family members or friends in the mchenry area.
we strive to make the lives around us better, one smile at a time!








  same day treatmentsave time and start treatment at your first exam





  affordable financingaffordable financing designed to fit your budget





  orthodontics for all ageseveryone deserves a beautiful smile regardless of age








change your smile,
change your  life
a healthy, new smile has the power to transform how you feel and to help you live your fullest life. at conlon thompson orthodontics we are passionate about creating that beautiful, new smile for you.
life is better when your new smile unlocks your true potential!

read our reviews












 damon metal braces





 damon clear braces





 invisalign








we believe in excellence
we use the latest technology to deliver world class results with fewer appointments, shorter treatment times, and a better, more comfortable experience.
“we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” – aristotle





















we love our community
we are passionate about making a positive impact on our community, your community. whether it’s partnering with non-profit organizations, sponsoring a local event, or hosting friendly community events, we love to be an active part of the community we serve!
community is much more than belonging to something; it’s about doing something together that makes belonging matter.












my teeth look amazing!

i'm so lucky that my parents took me to the best orthodontist in our area. had my braces 2 phases, and my teeth look amazing. thank you conlon and thompson! ~emerson t. 








dr. thompson is beyond amazing!

so professional and timely. his office is outstanding! the wonderful ladies at the front desk are always very helpful. can't say enough about this office! not to mention how beautiful my son's smile is!!!! i will be bringing my daughter to see dr. thompson too. ~ diana w. 








three of my children came here and the service is great.

they are really good with having a connection with everyone who walks thru the door. very customer-oriented and i cannot say enough good things about our experience here. ~ michelle b. 








nothing but great things to say about this facility!

from setting up the appointment to answering questions for us newbies, greeting and entry into the facility (covid procedures on point!), to the tour, their complimentary t-shirts, and overall experience- we were just blown away. the staff is knowledgeable and very friendly!! we are excited to be starting our journey knowing we are in great hands. ~karole b. 








 










let’s get started!





there’s no time like the present!

free consultation











our location



4104 w. crystal lake rd.mchenry, il 60050





815.344.2840





hours




montueswedthursfri
8:00 am – 6:00 pm8:00 am – 5:00 pm7:00 am – 5:00 pm8:00 am – 6:00 pm8:00 am – 4:00 pm



 



let’s get social

we love connecting on social media and look forward to seeing you there!

followfollow



























© practicemarketer 2023 all rights reserved



terms of service | privacy policy



 







































