




















homepage - duraseal











































































contact a rep to learn more about our water-based finishes and get a product demo. 













architectural specifications









find distributor












productsall productsstainssealersfinishesfillersmaintenanceresourcesstain galleryrequest demoaboutfaqsearch
















 
our mfma approved products for sports floorsour mfma approved products for sports floorsdownload sales sheet 
in a new flat sheen.in a new flat sheen.download sales sheet 
our mfma approved products for sports floorsthe ideal systemdesigned to work together with quickcoatcontact a rep 
six colors that do tmore than a product line. a reputation builder.he work of dozensmore than a product line.a reputation builder.learn more 
 














get with the system

since 1898, generations of contractors have counted on us to deliver the highest quality wood floor coatings. you know duraseal quick coat as simply the best stain on the market. and we know there is only one way to best protect your quick coat stain—by using premium duraseal water-based finishes.
it’s performance you can count on. application after application. job after job. contact us today for a product demonstration!

request a demo










your reputation is our inspiration

at duraseal, we are focused on one goal – your success. we’ll work with you every step of the way to make sure you have the products and support you need. and as you continue to build your business, count on us to be there for you with innovative products and service that is second to none.












find a sales rep

get in touch with a sales rep near you for all of your hardwood floor finishing needs. your duraseal sales rep will identify the right product for your job and provide you with continued support.

contact a sales rep













product info

get in touch with a sales rep near you for all of your hardwood floor finishing needs. your duraseal sales rep will identify the right product for your job and provide you with continued support.

browse our products









connect with us














duraseal.com

© 2024 duraseal. all rights reserved.

              computer screens and printers vary in how colors are displayed, so
              the colors you see may not match the coating’s actual color.
            







productsresourcesdistributor locatoraboutcontact


accessibility statementprivacy policyterms of useca supply chains actdo not sell or share my personal information


























