







last hope animal rescue | since 1981, last hope has been dedicated to the rescue and rehabilitation of stray, abandoned and death-due pound animals.



























































follow us:

  


  


  



 








since 1981, last hope has been dedicated to the rescue and rehabilitation of stray, abandoned and death-due pound animals.








toggle navigation








home
about us

about us
our mission
board of directors 
faq
privacy statement
annual report
contact us 


adoption

adopt a cat 
adopt a dog
adopted


how to help

become a member
become a volunteer
cage sponsorship form
foster a cat or kitten
donate today! 
memorial/honorarium donations
our wish list
heartworm fund


information

introducing your new cat
finding a home for a cat or kitten
 fix-a-feral program information 
veterinary assistance program application
private no-kill shelters
municipal town shelters
low cost spay & neuter organizations
report animal abuse
lost and found pets of li
petfinder
petco love lost - report and find lost pets


sponsors

veterinary sponsors


 events








join us for last hope’s st. patty’s day bingo on friday, march 14, 2025 at levittown hallst. patrick’s day bingo night – benefiting last hope animal rescue join us for a fun and festive evening of bingo to support last hope animal rescue and rehabilitation. enjoy great company, exciting games, and the chance to win prizes—all … continue reading →valentine’s food drive- 2/10-2/17last hope valentine pet food drive to help owners in need . we will be collecting pet food, dry & canned, to be distributed by local agencies to owners in financial need from feb 10 to feb 17. cat food … continue reading →last hope thrift shop moving to a bigger store nearby in huntington…opening by or before february 1.2025bow wow! meow! last hope thrift shop is moving to a bigger store nearby. new address: 310 new york avenue, huntington 11743.  last hope animal rescue is quite fortunate our donated items for the thrift shop continue to exceed our … continue reading →shining the last hope light on a terrific trio of kittens: steel, cinnamon, crimsonshining  the last hope light on a terrific trio of kittens:    meet steel, crimson, and cinnamon – 3 purrfect siblings looking for love! this trio of sweet, playful, and adorable siblings are ready to steal your heart! steel and … continue reading →please help flauta repair her puppy heart!please help fix flauta’s puppy heart. it’s anatomically broken. flauta came to last hope on a georgia transport. she was less than 6 months old. a few days later during an exam, our vet detected a high level heart murmur. … continue reading →new information on last hope spay/neuter clinicsto those who utilize last hope’s tnr clinics: there will 3 feral cat clinics held this fall and one for people’s cats. information on low-cost spay/neuter options for dogs will be available by mid-october. it has become apparent that concentrating … continue reading →last hope thrift shop in huntington needs more volunteers last hope thrift shop in huntington needs more volunteers. we hope to open more days per week. wanna join our thrift shop team? currently,, we are open 4 days a week- wednesday through saturday from 10am to 3pm. if you … continue reading →great news: last hope received a $15,000 grant from petco love to provide spay/neuter for pets of owners in financial hardshipgreat news: last hope has received a generous grant from petco love that will enable us to provide spay/ neuter at a very low price for the dogs & cats of owners in financial need. (note: this grant $ is … continue reading →wow! in 2023, last hope placed 305 dogs in finalized homes plus 15 more in foster-to-adopt homesdrum roll, please! in 2023, last hope placed 309 dogs, from near & far, in loving homes, and another 15 dogs are in foster-to-adopt homes to be finalized soon.? that means 324 -once orphan dogs- are cherished pets now, thanks … continue reading →great news: in 2023, last hope placed 576 cats & kittens in loving homesdrum roll please: in 2023, last hope placed 576 cats & kittens in loving homes.? in fact, december 2023 with 65 adoptions tied with august 2023 as our 2 busiest months. 2022 was last hope’s highest cat adoption total ever … continue reading →the last hope cats need you now more than everthe last hope cats really need you. we are looking for energetic feline-philes to join our cat volunteer program. seeking volunteers 16+ old who can devote time & care to our cats at the wantagh cat adoption center & our … continue reading →last hope needs kitten foster parentslast hope needs cat foster parents  every year, last hope receives countless requests for help from people who find kittens and cats. the majority of these animals need foster care before they can be put up for adoption. we are … continue reading →petco love lost – join todayhelp reunite lost pets with their families. 1 in 3 pets goes missing in their lifetime, but one click can bring them home. join petco love lost. it’s free, fast, and effective. register your pet today. https://lost.petcolove.org/“feral fixin wednesdays”- joint effort of last hope & helping pawannouncing a new tnr collaboration with last hope & dr. levitan’s helping paw, called “feral fixin’ wednesdays” where we schedule 25 feral cats for free tnr (trap/neuter/return) at helping paw in east meadow. the first “feral fixin’ wednesday” was on … continue reading →last hope is on petfinder.com !!if you haven’t tried petfinder.com yet to find your furever family member, this is a great time to check them out. last hope is now adding our cats and dogs that are up for adoption. click on the ad below … continue reading →shop at chewy.com and support last hope    you give hope, chewy gives back. shop now and chewy will donate to our cause with your first order. click the link and shop now to support us! use this referral link for new customers – last hope … continue reading →


















featured dog
ruru- female chuggle mix…what’s a chuggle, you ask?ruru wants you: “is it my silly name?” you can call me ruru, or you call me koko, my real name according to my microchip…just call me into your life where i will be happy to stay ,” said our … continue reading →


featured cat
romanroman is tired of “roamin'” around with no permanent address. he was trapped by jackie at 7 months old & is friendly so he has been off the streets 5 months now. but to be purrfectly honest, roman would be … continue reading →



 

sponsors












 
 















downloadable forms

become a member
become a volunteer
make a memorial donation
sponsor a cage
fix-a-feral program
veterinary assistance program application
cat adoption application
dog adoption application






wantagh adoption center - dogs & cats3300 beltagh avenuewantagh, ny 11793map & info


petsmart350 walt whitman roadhuntington station, ny 11746map & info


petco391 s. oyster bay road.plainview, ny 11803map & info


petco1141 wantagh avenue.wantagh, ny 11793map & info


petsmart2410 merrick road, unit 1bellmore, new york 11710map & info









home|
donate|
our mission|
faq|
privacy statement|
contact us


back to top




















