









ajo, arizona | heart of the sonoran desert













































ajo, arizona
heart of the sonoran desert


main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
homethe town
exploremore about ajo

finding us
what to do
where to stay, eat
living in ajo
history of ajo


attractionswhat to do

local attractions
regional attractions


servicesfacilities
memberschamber info

member list
board of directors


mediaguides, photos, videos

visitor guides and brochures
photo album
videos


contact usget in touch
events list
event submission form
 


 

ajo, arizonagateway to organ pipe cactus national monument




historic architecturethe central plaza, one example of the many historic buildings in ajo.



wildlifedesert bighorns in the crater range north of ajo.




culturetohono o’odham children in a traditional ceremony.

artiststhe curley school (center), built in 1919, was recently renovated as artists’ lofts.

local eventsa fair in the plaza, international day of peace and fiddlers’ competition – just a few of the events to enjoy in ajo’s relaxed atmosphere.

historic mining townthe new cornelia mine, over a mile wide, can be viewed from a lookout museum. 
 





welcome to ajo, arizona


with its rich tradition as a former copper mining hub, ajo is a casual town with relaxed charm. enjoy its mild climate, low humidity and clear skies. take in the historic spanish colonial revival architecture, sonoran desert flora and fauna and panoramic views.
adventure awaits with plentiful outdoor activities year-round – golf, hiking, bicycling, bird watching, festivals and events.
what ajo offers
historic architecture
step back in time at the historic plaza and railway depot. gaze at spanish colonial revival architecture in the downtown historic district.
enjoyable living
ajo is a wonderful place to live. the friendly atmosphere, combined with good public services, a warm, dry climate and very affordable houses, all in the heart of the unique sonoran desert, makes it a great and safe choice for a residence, either full-time or for part of the year. home to 4,000 people and only one stoplight, ajo is a place to slow down and enjoy life. you could say it’s a small town with a huge backyard.
natural wonders
splendor abounds in breathtaking vistas and vibrant sunsets. situated in the arizona upland subdivision of the sonoran desert, the area is home to more than 1,000 species of plants and animals, many unique to the area.
clear skies
the unpolluted skies have attracted countless astronomy buffs and stargazers. peer through massive telescopes and enjoy educational programs and native american exhibits at nearby kitt peak national observatory.
outdoor recreation
ajo is surrounded by 12 million acres of public and tribal land waiting to be explored. organ pipe cactus national monument and cabeza prieta national wildlife refuge offer expansive hiking, camping and birding places.
culture and art
appreciate the cultural richness created by the proximity of mexico and the tohono o’odham nation. view the work of ajo’s growing artist community.
mining history
formerly one of the largest copper mines in the world, the new cornelia pit is over a mile wide. visit the mine lookout for history displays and a view of the turquoise hued lake at the bottom of the pit.






photos of ajo





 



upcoming events





feb
18
tue





												5:00 pm
											

											bingo!
																							@ ajo elks lodge #1576




bingo!
@ ajo elks lodge #1576


					feb 18 @ 5:00 pm
			









feb
19
wed





												11:00 am
											

											ajo health services
																							@ salazar-ajo library




ajo health services
@ salazar-ajo library


					feb 19 @ 11:00 am – 3:00 pm
			








												2:30 pm
											

											whatever wednesdays
																							@ salazar-ajo library




whatever wednesdays
@ salazar-ajo library


					feb 19 @ 2:30 pm – 3:30 pm
			










					view calendar
					



mission statement: to be a unifying force in the effort to create an atmosphere in which businesses can prosper and the citizens of ajo can be proud.
visitor center 1 w. plaza street, ajo, az 85321

monday through friday  9:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m. and saturdays 10:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
closed all major holidays

phone: 520-387-7742
e-mail: ajocofc@ajochamber.com
certified wildlife habitat ajo has been named a certified wildlife habitat community by the national wildlife federation. ajo is the second community in arizona and the 65th in the nation to earn this certification.
 






 © copyright 2013 ajo chamber of commerce. all rights reserved.
 


hosted by: living water consulting





















