





































    singing city choir of philadelphia
  












               


     home


  about

   mission & history


  artistic & music director


  staff and board


  news


  contact us




  performance

   concerts & tickets


  auditions


  listen


  from the archives




  youth


  community engagement


  support

   donate


  concert sponsorship


  singing city auction




  box office & store











    
 





      


   
singing cityrollo dilworth,
artistic & music directoran artistically driven, socially conscious, and civically engaged vocal movement since 1948. 
singing city choir was founded as an integrated choir in 1948 in philadelphia by dr. elaine brown. for over half a century, singing city has been philadelphia's premier avocational chorus, committed to bringing people together through music. it grew out of the fellowship house movement, which believed that differences between races, religions, and cultures could be bridged by ordinary people coming together in shared activities.in addition to its deep commitment to inclusion and community building, singing city choir has consistently achieved the highest levels of performance practice and artistry. the chorus has performed with the philadelphia orchestra, leningrad philharmonic, and israel philharmonic, and has to its credit a number of critically acclaimed national and international concert tours and festival appearances. the 80-member strong chorus is led by artistic & music director
rollo dilworth and continues to fulfill its original mission, which today encompasses an educational program for youth, t-voce (teen voices of the city ensemble), and bringing music into philadelphia's neighborhoods.mission through performance, arts education, and fellowship, singing city choir is a force for social impact, bringing people together and lifting the human spirit through the artistry of choral music.



   



  


    concerts & events
 welcome to the
2024-2025 season!visit the 
performance 
page for details.
 

  
﻿arts education
 
teen voices of the city ensemble (t-voce) 
is a free choral music program for youth open to teens in the philadelphia area. 
registration for 2024-25 now open!learn more.
  commmunity engagement
 
the choir performs in communities throughout philadelphia, bringing music to those who are under-served.learn more.


    




   



   singing city songbookin celebration of its 75th anniversary, singing city has commissioned 27 composers to write short works to create the
singing city songbook. this compilation is intended for community singing everywhere—its themes echo the human experience, with messages of unity, hope, love, and the ties that bind.
view the
table of contents.the songbook is available as a downloadable pdf through our
online store.

 



   



    
      

    

button






    

    

button






    

    

button












     


 annual friends drive
 your support makes our work possible.   

learn what you can do








       about
 performance support  contact

 contact info address:singing city1501 cherry streetphiladelphia, pa 19102phone: 267-519-5321email: info@singingcity.org
   

donate

    

 

 

 



















































































































  
  share by:








