
























































    
    boulder colorado real estate | boulder co
  
  


 
 
 



 
















               


     home



  advanced search


   featured listings



  open houses



  new construction





  communities



  selling


   homes selling marketing plan



  home valuation





  buying


   out of the country or overseas





  about  us


   our agents



  contact us



  news & stats








   

click to call







    
 





      


     make colorado home
 enter a city, zip, address, or mls # into the box below to search
 

   







   re/max of boulder award-winning realtors, expert knowledgerecognized as one of the top real estate companies in the nation and one of the most successful in the real estate industry, we have been proudly celebrating over 40 years as the leading boulder, colorado real estate company serving all of boulder valley. whether you’re looking to buy or sell a home, we’re eager to help you with all your real estate needs.   

our agents


      re/max of boulder difference

   




   re/max of boulder has earned its place as boulder valley’s leading real estate company, celebrating over 40 years serving our community. established in 1977 by broker/owner tom kalinski, the company was one of the first re/max offices in the country, and has been a model of success since the beginning. 



   experienced agents

   




  our award-winning team of over 100 top boulder realtors® is among the best in the country and averages over 15 years of service. we have deep firsthand knowledge of the real estate market, our neighborhoods, and our community, and we have helped buyers and sellers navigate every kind of real estate transaction. we are committed to the highest caliber of professionalism and we are passionately focused on caring for your needs and priorities.



   our awards

   




  our outstanding realtors have made us the #1 re/max office in the u.s. 8 times. we have been awarded “best real estate group” in boulder weekly’s best of boulder county community survey and “best real estate company” in colorado daily’s cu & boulder’s best awards.  








   featured communities


    

boulder boulder is a highly desirable, vibrant community of just over 108,000. nestled next to the iconic...more   

boulder homes


  

broomfield broomfield’s thriving community of 53,000 residents is perfectly situated between denver and boulder. the...more   

broomfield homes


  

dacono known as the tri-towns, the rural southwest weld county communities of dacono, frederick, and firestone...more   

dacono homes




    

denver the capital and largest colorado city with nearly three-quarters of a million residents, denver is the center of the front...more   

denver homes


  

erie with its country feel and vibrant location nestled in colorado’s largest population, business and cultural hubs, erie is...more   

erie homes


  

frederick the small-town feel, breathtaking views of the rocky mountains, sprawling open spaces...more   

frederick  homes




    

firestone the firestone area attracts young families and professionals looking for affordable living and a...more   

firestone homes


  

lafayette with its small-town charm, range of housing options, splendid mountain views, growing business...more   

lafayette homes


  

longmont named for scenic and prominent long’s peak, longmont offers a bustling main street and a bounty...more   

longmont homes




    

louisville louisville's 21,000 residents have everything they need right on their doorstep. this friendly, delightful gem of a town...more   

louisville homes


  

lyons nestled in the shadow of 14,259-foot longs peak and just 24 minutes from boulder, 30 minutes...more   

lyons homes


  

nederland with a town slogan of “life is better up here,” nederland is 1.6 square miles – the most extensive...more   

nederland homes




    

niwot conveniently situated between boulder and longmont, niwot is an idyllic community characterized by wide...more   

niwot homes


  

superior known as the gateway to boulder valley, superior is centrally located near major employment centers...more    

superior homes


  

westminster located midway between denver and boulder, westminster is ideally situated as an exceptional place...more   

westminster homes




   

    
 re/max of boulder
real estate report 2023


   our newest real estate report features the latest statistics, trends, and a 2023 forecast for the boulder valley housing market.

   

download full report




   contact us  
   first name

 last name

 email

 phone number





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later


  all locations
 
 list
 


map

  


   2425 canyon blvd, boulder, co 80302, united states
2425 canyon blvd ste 110 boulder, co 80302



 

   

call us



go to location page
see all locations






    boulder, colorado real estate




   looking to buy or sell a property in boulder, colorado? then let re/max of boulder help with all your real estate needs. with over 40 years of experience, we’re the leading boulder real estate company and have helped nearly 2,000 clients buy and sell homes in this dynamic city. re/max of boulder real estate services when it comes to buying your dream boulder home, re/max has listings to suit every budget and style, whether you’re searching for a new build, historic property, luxury condo or rustic cabin. moving on? we also provide property estimates and sell more houses in boulder valley than any other company. to complete your real estate needs, re/max offers stellar mortgage lending and insurance services. hire a top boulder colorado realtor you can rest easy when you hire a boulder realtor from re/max, as all of our award-winning staff live and work in the community and can provide trusted local advice. we employ over 100 independently-operating realtors in boulder, who boast an average of 15 years’ experience buying and selling properties in the city. interested?contact one of our expert local realtors to discuss your boulder colorado real estate plans and peruse our advanced property search function for listings.

 




  






   

click to call


      
    

 

 

 

 




  © 2025 
all rights reserved | re/max of boulder


privacy policy

 main office 2425 canyon blvd #110boulder, co 80302
 contact 303-449-7000homes@boulderco.com

































































































  
  share by:


















