







golden violins – fine violins and instruction







































responsive menu


golden violins
fine violins and instruction



home
rentals
gallery
repairs & sales
testimonials
contact us





 


during this time of sheltering we continue our services without direct contact with our customers. please call for rentals, repairs or sales and we will gladly help you: 215-242-0307.
golden violins selected for 2016 philadephia small business
  excellence award
(read more here)



music & violin shop in philadelphia, pennsylvania
 
instrument repair & sales
music is always golden at our music shop. at golden violins, we design custom violins, cellos, violas, guitars and other stringed instruments for budding musicians and seasoned artists. we also provide musical instrument repairs.
 
stringed instrument rentals
you don’t have to spend a fortune for a new violin. we offer violin rentals and other stringed instruments when you need affordable options.
 
customer reviews
turn to a violin repair and rental shop that is well respected in the community. browse our customer testimonials for more information about our services.
 
about us
golden violins is a music and violin shop in philadelphia, pennsylvania, that specializes in custom violins, cellos, violas, guitars, as well as other stringed instrument repair and restoration. as award-winning violin makers, we are experts in sound adjustment and creating beautiful string instruments.
harold golden, the owner and operator, is a master violin craftsman with more than 40 years of experience in the trade. since 1969, his business has been providing handmade violins, violas, cellos, and string basses and guitars. from repairs and restorations to sales and instrument instruction, we offer excellent products and services.  in fact, we stand behind our workmanship and award-winning designs.
 

 
contact us in philadelphia, pennsylvania, for stringed instruments
that are custom made according to your preferences.

hours of operation: 
monday – friday, 10:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. | by appointment only
saturday, 10:00 a.m. –  4:00 p.m. | by appointment only
proudly serving philadelphia, as well as bucks & montgomery counties
violin society of america | british violin association | arizona violin association
 
harold golden the violinists’ craftsman













copyright © 2025 golden violins  


















