









homepage - elms waterfront cottages & lodge





















































book now
home
stay

waterfront cottages
mcmaster house
sacanadaga lodge
adirondack beach house
mccarthy farmhouse


our rates
play

river ridin
atv ridin


wedding venue
about

history
chief tiosaronda
testimonials
faq
local events


contact
 


select page


  
 
 















experience the uniqueness of waterfront cottages mountain sunsets, private campfires and water sports.










river ridin’ gets you out onto the water to explorekayak, sup board, jet ski, river raft or pontoon boat.










knotty pine design inspired by naturebringing the adirondacks inside to you










lazy river rafting launched from tiosaronda baynature’s best fresh clean water














welcome to the elms waterfront cottages celebrating over 80 years of hospitality

experience the uniqueness of waterfront cottages

this family owned and operated boutique cottage resort sits on tiosaronda bay. private cottages with full kitchens, screened in porches, bbqs and campfires. our lodge suites and the famous mcmaster house complete the accommodations.

view cottages

























view more







exclusive offer

enjoy 10% off at our river ridin’ tiki hut

check out our water sports options







our selections

each cottage has its own personality with adirondack interiors and essential home comforts.
 







one bedroom cottage
 

view details





two bedroom cottage
 

view details





sacandaga lodge
 

view details







beach house
 

view details





mcmaster bay harbor house
 

view details





mccarthy lake farmhouse
 

view details







take a video tour

"great place!!  always is a pleasure staying there."
suzette & scott lyons





















our guests believe






--jaimi l jones 
“we had a great 28th anniversary / mother’s day weekend. we will be back in the fall and early spring. although this time it was off season and there were no docks in it was peaceful and beautiful for the purpose. we did take a row boat out with our dog a bit and caught a couple fish.”









--rosann molloy 
“great view comfortable cabins. all the comforts of home?. price of rental includes rowboat or kayaking. there is grills and fire pitts very peaceful and quiet!”









--suzette martel lyons 
“great place!! chandler goes above and beyond. always a pleasure staying there.”









--ellen mcgarvey 
“this is our third year coming to the elms. it is so peaceful and beautiful. we get a cabin next to some friends and spend the week around a campfire, eating, drinking and just plain relaxing. we look forward to this vacation every year. chandler and his staff are so friendly and accommodating. we can’t wait for next year.”









--jerad ross 
“perfect location for your adk getaway. we live local but stayed here with family and the cabins are so clean not to mention how incredibly accommodating the staff is!! well worth every penny. will be recommending this place without a doubt!”













pets are welcome

thinking about bringing your family pets with you?
we think your pets are your children and we want you to relax and know they are safe and having fun just like you.
just bring your pooper scooper, leash, crate if needed and favorite treats. dogs may go into the water at the docks. just dry them off before going into the cottage. $30 per day or $150 per week
 











the elms services







bbq and campfires
 





water sports
 





 relaxing at the beach
 









private beach and raft





swings, slides and ping pong





volleyball, basketball and tetherball







kayaks, rowboats, aqua trikes and sup boards





private campfire and firewood





bbqs and picnic tables







property map

 address

elms waterfront cottages 1 bay rd lake luzerne, ny 12846

 phone


(518) 696-3072

 email


elmswaterfrontcottages@gmail.com












your memories start here!

book now





 










facebook


© elmscottages.com. website by windhill.com  


































