


senate majority project






















    
	senate majority project
	
  








tuesday, december 20, 2005



	 
	 moving
	 
    


blogspot is great (and the price is right), but we can now be found here:www.senatemajority.comstartingrightnow...link to the feed here:http://www.senatemajority.com/atom.xml



posted by mike gehrke @ 6:25 pm  
    	
 








	 
	 another rnc must read... (between the lines)
	 
    


rnc’s favorite editorial board backed review of wiretapsscratching for anybody to back president bush’s unilateral secret order to tap americans’ phone calls, the rnc pointed to a wall street journal editorial entitled (not making this up) “thank you for wiretapping.”  that the journal supported the bush position, and largely echoed his arguements, is not surprising.  what is surprising is the degree to which it did at the expense of its own editorial integrity.in a 2002 editorial headlined “no license to spy” the journal editorial board wrote:  “we consider ourselves civil libertarians, as wary as anyone of government power,” then went on to explain that the critics of the patriot act were “over the top” because,“fbi agents will not suddenly be able to snoop into american bedrooms. u.s. officials who want a wiretap warrant under the 1978 foreign intelligence surveillance act will still have to convince a court that there is probable cause to believe the target is an agent of a foreign power or terrorist organization.”  [no license to spy, 20 november 2002]we now know that this isn’t true.  president bush, with the flimsiest legal justification, ordered wiretaps without the fisa review in which the journal recently placed so much faith.the journal explained away bush’s actions much the same way the president did yesterday -- by pointing to the war on terror.  the paper has frequently argued for broad presidential power (at least when it does not affect corporations).  however, it has also repeatedly argued for oversight of the power.  only days after 9-11, the journal editorial pages again announced, “we count ourselves as stalwart civil libertarians,” and explained its support for greater cooperation between agencies saying,“the best way to reassure people is to ensure our intelligence and law enforcement agencies at some point make their case to some outside authority. that means defining who they are targeting as well as paying more attention to the specifics of accountability. … and we have no objection to putting a sunset provision on any expanded powers, so they can be reviewed by congress to see if they've been abused.”  [taking liberties 25 september 2001]amazingly the journal’s editorial position was more suspicious of presidential powers against terrorism when the rubble of the world trade center was literaly still settling just blocks away from the paper’s new york headquarters than it is today.  given a chance to draw the line it has so often drawn before, an editorial board which recently proclaimed that “every free society needs civil-libertarian watchdogs” offered little more than weak apologies.the most troubling aspect of the bush orders is the shameless and brazen nature used to exploit presidential power.  bush even claimed that his own judgment and oath of office is enough to check what he appears to see as virtually unlimited power.  the journal editorial board, civil libertarians all, have rolled over and thanked him for it.



posted by mike gehrke @ 5:05 pm  
    	
 








	 
	 military brass ask senate to pull anwr
	 
    


senate republicans jeopardize resources for troops and familiesyesterday, sen. john kerry released a letter from five top retired generals and a retired navy admiral urging senators frist and reid not to let sen. ted stevens get away with his latest scheme to open the arctic national wildlife reserve to drilling. stevens has attached his drilling plan to the otherwise noncontroversial defense funding bill in open violation of the senate rules, a move that bogged down its passage and could postpone final action sending the much-needed funding bill to president bush’s desk until after the first of the year.in the letter, generals john m. shalikashvili, joseph hoar, anthony zinni, lieutenant general claudia kennedy, vice admiral lee f. gunn and brigadier general stephen a. cheney urge congress to“finish its work and provide them the resources they need to do their job. … it is not helpful to attach such a controversial non-defense legislative issue to a defense appropriations bill. it only invites delay for our troops.”anwr would not produce a single drop of oil for 7 years.  troops and families need resources today.  the choice would seem clear, but clearly not for ted stevens.download the letter here (pdf) 



posted by mike gehrke @ 2:37 pm  
    	
 





monday, december 19, 2005



	 
	 freedom isnt free
	 
    


spin, however, comes cheap at the rnca release from the republican national committee hot off the wire touts a freedom house survey, pronouncing 2005 a “success.”  the actual report, however, is much less rosy, particularly when it comes to the administrations chief concern of the moment, iraq.to begin with, here’s how the group’s research director characterized what the rnc determined was a “successful year.”  "among other things, the past year has been notable for terrorist violence, ethnic cleansing, civil conflict, catastrophic natural disasters, and geopolitical polarization. that freedom could thrive in this environment is impressive."you can almost hear the corks popping.meanwhile, the group determined that iraq merited no improvement in its rating over the past year.  in fact, freedom house issued chilling cautions that whatever small gains occurred could be easily lost.  and freedom house earlier expressed reservations about the iraqi constitution even calling the effort a “waste:”freedom house is very concerned that the emerging constitution will seriously undermine the prospects for democracy and the safeguarding of human rights in the new iraq. after all the american blood and treasure that has been expended to bring freedom to iraq, it would be worse than a shame if the new constitution were to enshrine the triumphalist vision of a minority within a particular sect, rather than reflect a national consensus on a democratic framework; it will have been a waste. of the gains in iraq over the last year, the group seemed to express some skepticism that the presence of american troops was helpful to the process, and whatever gains occurred could be fleeting:indeed, some have argued that the rise in anti- american sentiment has tarnished the democratic idea in the minds of ordinary arabs, although several of their countries have taken steps towards expanded freedom. it is also clear that some of the gains noted in this year’s survey are fragile and could be reversed in the future. gains made in iraq could be wiped out if the current level of violence escalates into outright civil conflict among sunnis, shiites, and kurds.and the big successes touted by bush are represented by freedom house as “small gains” in “modestly successful” elections.in addition, freedom house has spoken out strongly against the bush administration’s own growing involvement in torture: among others opposing american involvement in torture are the american civil liberties union, the united states conference of catholic bishops, the association of the bar of the city of new york, members of the 9-11 commission itself, the american bar association, human rights first, freedom house, and amnesty international. a joint statement signed by some of these groups emphasizes that the torture provisions "undermine the credibility of u.s. efforts to promote human rights and democracy in the arab world, which president bush has identified as a key element in the administration's long-term strategy to combat terrorism . . . "advances in democracy should be welcomed, but clearly the mission is not quite accomplished.



posted by mike gehrke @ 4:56 pm  
    	
 








	 
	 frist surrenders … to the french
	 
    


do you want fries with that tax break?today the new york times reported about the budget cuts senate leaders have agreed to in order to make room for $100 billion in tax cuts. the cornerstone of the remaining appropriations bill is the defense bill funding, among other things, equipment and benefits for troops in iraq and afghanistan. unfortunately, this bill has become the christmas tree that others are looking to hang pet provisions having nothing to do with defense in hopes that opponents would cringe at opposing a bill funding troops during wartime. sen. bill frist decided to use this bill to ram through his misguided plan to let drug makers off the hook for producing vaccines that cause serious side effects, even death.one of the last items added to the military spending bill was a provision sought by mr. frist that would shield drug makers from lawsuits related to vaccines that protect against biological agents or viruses like the one that causes the avian flu. the language would allow lawsuits against vaccine makers only if they engaged in "willful misconduct." the government would pay medical expenses and benefits to those injured or killed by vaccines.mr. frist contends that the provision is necessary to encourage drug companies to make vaccines. but it is likely to draw criticism, with some arguing that it would be a windfall for those companies.likely to draw criticism … in fact it already has.among other things the frist plan would remove practically all economic incentive to fully test and protect against side effects that could cause even more serious illness or deaths, especially in vulnerable populations like children and the elderly. supporters say that its necessary to encourage drug makers to manufacture vaccines for the avian flu.the trouble with that argument is that a french vaccine maker recently signed a $100 million contract with the u.s. government to produce an avian flu vaccine…without any additional liability protections. and, this contract was fifth pandemic-related agreement that the company has entered into with the u.s. government since may 2004.maybe they were late getting frist’s memo while it was being translated into french, because after signing the deal, the company’s spokesperson said,"full liability protection is a requirement for our participation in the development and production of a pandemic vaccine,’ said len lavenda, spokesman for sanofi pasteur.” [washington post, 11/17/05]or maybe the businesses making vaccines know that they can make a profit off the expanding vaccine market without the deal that frist and the drug company lobbyists are ramming through on the back of the defense funding bill. in fact, industry analysts expect the market for new vaccines to expand dramatically in the next few years. companies including merck, wyeth, glaxosmith kline, and novartis have all announced large investments in expanding their vaccine manufacturing capabilities … all without the sweetheart deal that frist is pushing through.



posted by mike gehrke @ 4:09 pm  
    	
 








	 
	 face time with karl rove...
	 
    


if you could spend time with karl rove, isn't  this what you'd do ... more or less...?http://www.foxnews.com/photo_essay/photoessay_745_images/04.jpg



posted by mike gehrke @ 3:28 pm  
    	
 





saturday, december 17, 2005




	 frist charity under scrutiny
	 



the associated press breaks another big story on sen. bill frist. this time the ap finds that frist's charity, dedicated to helping fight aids, also has helped his political staff and their families and conservative republican activists frist is courting for his presidential race.



posted by mike gehrke @ 8:36 pm  
    	
 





friday, december 16, 2005



	 
	 this is bull****
	 
    


maybe president bush knows whyverbatim:"after 25 years of serving as a cnn commentator and program host, our colleague bob novak's tenure on the network will come to a close (effective 12/31). through the years, bob has offered incisive analysis for much of cnn's programming, including crossfire, the capital gang, inside politics, evans and novak, the novak zone, and novak, hunt and shields. bob has also been a valued contributor to cnn's political coverage. we appreciate his many contributions and wish him well in future endeavors," said jon klein, president of cnn/u.s.and proving that with bob novak, you’ll often be upset, but never surprised…. novak leaves cnn after 25 years to join fox



posted by mike gehrke @ 1:00 pm  
    	
 








	 
	 frivolous lott-igation
	 
    


do as i say, not as i sueafter fighting to limit your ability to sue your insurance company, katrina victim sen. trent lott files a lawsuit against his ... according to the wall street journal, senator trent lott is suing his insurance company, state farm insurance, after it refused to pay for the damage to the senator's beachfront pascagoula home, which was leveled by hurricane katrina. but not too long ago, lott was leading a fight to limit americans' ability to sue their health insurance company:"it's sue, sue, sue...  that's not the answer."republicans deplore the focus on litigation. 'it's sue, sue, sue,' said trent lott of mississippi, the senate republican leader. 'that's not the answer.'” [the new york times, 8/4/2001]"you have a problem with hmos, file a lawsuit. we don't think that's the answer.""… the answer is not lawsuits. … you have a problem with hmos, file a lawsuit. we don't think that's the answer. … you know, do lawsuits, you know, really prove anything in america? i'm a lawyer, but we are a society that has gotten to where we look to a lawsuit first. i think we should look for solutions, not add more costs." [meet the press, 7/11/1999]lawsuits aren't "necessary" to get "help and answers""do they want results or do they want lawsuits? now, i think the answer should be found in the operating room, not in the courtroom. … when people are asked, "do you think you have the right to sue?" well, they -- you know, well, yes, probably yes…. [democrats’] answer is always more government and more lawsuits for their plaintiffs' lawyers' buddies." [fox news sunday, 7/19/1998] lott says lawsuits have forced 44 insurance companies out of mississippi "lott said sunday that frivolous lawsuits and unlimited damages have forced 44 insurance companies out of his home state of mississippi 'because it has become just a personal injury lawyers' bonanza.'" [associated press, 6/24/2001update:  not surprisingly, there are enough hypocritical trent lott quotes to fill several posts ... sirota has more … 



posted by mike gehrke @ 12:38 pm  
    	
 





thursday, december 15, 2005



	 
	 sen. stevens white whale
	 
    


"we all see it. that don't make it real."in yet another sign that he creeping off the deep end, senator ted stevens announced that house and senate appropriators agreed to attach his long anticipated measure of drilling in the arctic national wildlife refuge to the defense appropriations bill. []yesterday stevens attempted to attach anwr drilling to the hurricane relief package stating, “it’s going to be awfully hard to vote against katrina [disaster assistance]. . . . if it’s in there, then maybe those disaster people — area people — will vote with me on anwr.” (cq today, 12/14/05)by pitting gulf coast victims against troops in iraq, the senator may finally have his wish of drilling in anwr, however his behavior in the matter did not go unnoticed. “like ahab, certain republicans are so dedicated to a lost cause that they have lost their reason in the process,” said democrat ed markey (d-ma) who warned that adding anwr to the defense appropriations bill would slow down the approval of funding for the troops. “let us hope that those who captain the senate will turn this ship around before it founders on a filibuster.”perhaps if by some miracle (‘tis the season) the senator doesn’t get his wish, and we have an open and honest debate about anwr without holding desperately needed funds hostage, stevens will finally keep his promise to resign.



posted by mike gehrke @ 3:26 pm  
    	
 








	 
	 "those disaster people"
	 
    


“it’s going to be awfully hard to vote against katrina [disaster assistance]. . . . if it’s in there, then maybe those disaster people — area people — will vote with me on anwr,”sen. ted stevens, cq today, 12/15/2005



posted by mike gehrke @ 9:41 am  
    	
 





wednesday, december 14, 2005



	 
	 hurricane ted aims for louisiana
	 
    


stevens holds katrina victims hostage to anwraccording to congressional quarterly, senator ted stevens (r-ak), realizing moderates in his party have slowly come to their senses about drilling in the arctic national wildlife refuge (anwr), has now held the hurricane relief package hostage by adding anwr language to it.sounding like a man whose perspective is slipping, stevens said, “it’s going to be awfully hard to vote against [hurricane aid],” stevens said. “if it’s in there, maybe people will vote with me on anwr.”it doesn’t stop therestevens has also threatened to hold up the defense appropriations measure on this issue as well, stating that bill could also be a vehicle to push anwr drilling.maybe if he doesn’t get his way this time he actually will quit. 



posted by mike gehrke @ 5:26 pm  
    	
 





tuesday, december 13, 2005



	 
	 home for the holidays
	 
    


maybe dole thinks it’s comfier in the watergate?according to government records, sen. elizabeth dole may not be the biggest fan of north carolina. document revealed dole made only one official trip to north carolina this past summer. dole’s office claimed the records were incomplete, stating that she actually has made four more official trips to her home state, and that those trips weren’t processed yet.perhaps realizing how ridiculous it is to argue five trips to a home state as close to washington d.c. as north carolina is nothing short of neglect, dole’s spokeswoman later added in the piece that the senator has visited the state at least every month since her election. much better spin, however let’s review some history. during her 2002 senate campaign, it was reported that dole hadn’t lived in north carolina for over 40 years, living in fact in the washington, dc landmark, the watergate hotel. (washington post, 10/7/02). until jesse helms announced he would retire from the senate in july 2001, dole was registered in kansas, the state that elected her husband to the senate.according rowan county records, dole purchased her north carolina home in 2001 the day after christmas, perhaps realizing she needed a residence to actually run for senate. however, a county recording from this past july still listed dole’s residence as the watergate.that didn’t stop the doles from sending out christmas cards in 2001 which said "from our home to yours." dole’s spokesperson that year said that the doles owned the salisbury home. we now know they didn’t purchase it until after christmas.wonder where the christmas cards are coming from this year.



posted by mike gehrke @ 12:40 pm  
    	
 















links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

moving
another rnc must read... (between the lines)
military brass ask senate to pull anwr
freedom isnt free
frist surrenders … to the french
face time with karl rove...
frist charity under scrutiny
this is bull****
frivolous lott-igation
sen. stevens white whale

archives

2005-10-30
2005-11-06
2005-11-13
2005-11-27
2005-12-04
2005-12-11
2005-12-18







 



 











[politics]