




stellute law | virginia personal injury lawyers | hampton|newport news|james city county|york county| williamsburg| decades of personal injury representation 
experience 









































 





tap to open/close menu
home
attorneys
commercials
services
awards
resources
contact us
 








call now





































personal injury


criminal defense


dui-traffic


















    this browser does not support video.
  




    this browser does not support video.
  









the stellute law firm, "the one to know", is regarded as one of the leading trial lawyer groups throughout hampton roads.
we offer free consultation, and there are no attorneys' fees until we obtain compensation for our injured clients.

the firm of joseph j. stellute and mario j. stellute has represented thousands of clients in a wide variety of personal injury matters. with each and every case they work diligently to provide just compensation.

the firm's attorneys are available to clients with 24/7 accessibility, even nights and weekends, to discuss any questions or concerns. constant personalized attention for every client is what sets the stellute law firm apart.
the stellute law firm fights for a fair settlement out of court and is prepared to follow any personal injury case to trial.

call now









we provide over 50 combined years of legal experience in representing personal injury clients and criminal law defendants including traffic offenses.
personal injury:

accidents

auto/pickup/suv
 bicycle
tractor trailer
 motorcycle
uninsured motorist
hit and run
railroad
airplane
all other accidents


wrongful death
brain injury
medical malpractice
nursing home neglect/injuries
seamen's claim
slip and fall
dog bite victims


criminal defense:
felonies
misdemeanors
driving under the influence
traffic offenses


driving while intoxicated:
driving under the influence/dui
driving while intoxicated/dwi
dui/dwi
felony dui/dwi
traffic offenses




legal assistance with medical pay coverage, lost wages, rental car and property damage


















 


joseph j. stellute is a native of hampton, virginia. he received a bachelor of arts from the college of william and mary in 1968 and then a juris doctor from the university of memphis in 1972. he was admitted to the virginia state bar in 1973.
				



mario j. stellute specializes in personal injury and criminal defense throughout the entire hampton roads area, and has successfully recovered millions for his injured clients and exonerated countless criminal defendants. 
				

 








the stellute law firm has successfully recovered millions of dollars for its clients in a wide variety of personal injury cases for over 50 years.  we realize that your life has been disrupted by an accident that is no fault of your own. our clients come to us during difficult times, oftentimes complicated by an inability to work due to their injury and the inconvenience of multiple doctors' appointments. we recognize the frustration that our clients have during these times.

the stellute law firm and its staff will guide you through this process.  we protect your best interests by preventing an insurance company taking advantage of you.  our priority is to give you close, personal attention and to walk you through every step of this process. we dedicate countless hours to prepare for trial or to reach a fair out of court settlement, to receive maximum compensation for you.  

call us today and find out firsthand why the stellute law firm is "the one to know".
call now

we are proud that our safety app is featured in the american bar association.
read the article and then let us know what you think.
















































































hampton roads office
34 wine street, hampton, virginia 23669
serving hampton, newport news, james city county, york county, williamsburg and all of hampton roads, va.


get directions


contact information
757-722-2815 p
757-723-3234 f
or e-mail us










© 2025 - all rights reservedby stellute law firm































