




home page - celtic music archives
















celtic music archives




home
tunes
whistle reviews
faq
about
contact







    me, playing a clarke original tinwhistle in doolin, county clare, overlooking the aille river across the street from o'connor's pub.    



welcome to the celtic music archives!

            this site is all about penny whistles and whistle music. my name is greg,
            and up in that picture i'm playing a a clarke classic pennywhistle off the
            shore of the aille river in doolin, ireland. that's a chieftain new range low d
            tucked up under my arm. i've been playing the penny whistle
            (also known as the tin whistle, tin flute, fipple flute, among other assorted
            names) since 1995, and am very much in love with it.
        

            on this site, you'll find sheet music and audio samples for many irish and scottish folk
            tunes, as well as tunes that just sound good on the whistle. you'll find
            children's songs, christmas carols, irish airs, reels, jigs, or pretty much
            anything (hopefully) to whet your whistle music craving.
        


about copyrights

            please note that many of the tunes in this archive have come from my own
            collection of tune books. to the best of my knowlege these tunes are traditional
            music, and the music itself is not copyrighted. if you look on the copyright
            page in many songbooks dealing with folk songs or traditional music (which are
            too old for copyrights, or which have been placed into the public domain),
            publishers usually can only copyright the layout work. i have personally done
            this work myself with commercial notation software, so each
            file of sheet music is copyrighted by me (copyright (c) 1997-2018, gregory
            mahan). however, in the interest of free music, i hereby license these works to
            the public under the 
                creative commons license. in a nutshell, you can use these images in whatever
            manner you wish, so long as you do not attempt to sell or otherwise make
            monetary profit from them, and proper credit is given to the author (me) and my
            site (www.tinwhistler.com). all recordings
            of music on the tinwhistle are performed by me, and likewise copyrighted as
            well (copyright (c) 1997-2018, gregory mahan), and carry the same license and
            restriction. you do not have to contact me first, though it would certainly be
            the polite thing to do, and would make notifying you about site changes easier.
        


                a few tunes on the site (such as the willow and planxty dale wisely) are
                copyrighted works by someone other than myself, are clearly noted on the sheet
                music page for the work in question, and are not licensed under the creative
                commons license. if you wish to use these works, do the same thing i did, and
                please contact the original artist/composer to get permission to do anything
                with them!
            



                the reviews of whistles on my site are not
                licensed under the creative commons license
            . i can't really think of a reason why
            anyone would need to copy and distribute these on their websites. therefore,
            all pictures, text, and sound files in the reviews section are 
            not licensed
            for distribution, and i assert all rights granted to me under copyright for
            those works.
        

            note: if you are the copyright holder to music in this archive or feel that a
            tune is in violation of copyrights, please let me know. it is not my intention
            to infringe on anyone's rights with my archive.
        




© 2025 - gregory l. mahan





