





homepage — institute of computer science











universität bonn
institute of computer science





          
          de
        



          
          en
        



























en




de


en















          news
        



          research
        



          studies
        



          institute
        



          more
        




























































                  outstanding students honoured
                

                  this year's winners of the grace hopper prize and the big master's/bachelor's thesis prize were honoured
                


                      learn more
                    



© zoé sanchéz / universität bonn












                  our study programs 
                

                  whether you're interested in traditional computer science, cyber security or teaching, you can find out about our bachelor's and master's degree programs here.
                


                      learn more
                    



© volker lannert, universität bonn









outstanding students honoured






our study programs 



















































      research and study at the university of excellence bonn
    















at the institute of computer science at the university of excellence bonn, cutting-edge research meets excellent teaching.
our internationally visible research addresses fundamental challenges in cyber security, theoretical computer science, computer graphics, computer vision, artificial intelligence (ai), machine learning (ml) and robotics. our students and researchers benefit from state-of-the-art facilities such as high-performance computing (hpc) clusters, robotics labs and a visual computing incubator.→ about our research
as a department of the faculty of mathematics and natural sciences, computer science in bonn can look back on a long history that began in 1969 with the founding of the institute for applied mathematics and computer science. as one of the pioneering institutes for computer science in germany, we have a well established track record in teaching. every year, over 1500 bright minds study at our faculty. around 800 are enrolled in the bachelor's degree course in alone — one of the most popular degree programs in germany with outstanding career prospects in almost all sectors.→ about the study program































equality



























application



























contact



























our a to z






















news reports from the institute









© grün, bauer, rüber, schultz





new study by prof. dr. thomas schultz: ai enhances brain imaging





feb 11, 2025












© lizenzfrei – unsplash





colloquium: research talk by dr. france rose on february 14





feb 06, 2025












© code intelligence





cybersecurity start-up “code intelligence” (institute of computer science iv) wins ai award





jan 21, 2025












© unsplash





colloquium: research talk by dr. philipp stratmann on january 21





jan 13, 2025




























see all news reports































      our study programs
    


























      bachelor computer science (bsc)
    















immerse yourself in the world of algorithms, data, robotics as well as artificial intelligence and become a shaper of the digital future.
this program is offered in german only.
















more (in german)



























      bachelor cyber security (bsc)
    















learn all about the increasingly complex information systems of the 21st century and immerse yourself in the world of it security and cryptography.
this program is offered in german only.
















more (in german)



























      teaching bachelor computer science
    















combine computer science with another subject and educational science to optimally prepare you for your career as a teacher.
this program is offered in german only.
















more (in german)

































      master computer science (msc)
    














learn even more about the world of computer science and do your own research on more powerful algorithms, smarter data analysis, more skillful robots and more realistic simulations.
















more



























      master cyber security (msc)
    















learn and explore for yourself how to make the highly networked information systems of the 21st century both secure and effective.
















more



























      teaching master computer science
    















inspire and empower the next generation through knowledge and enthusiasm for digital sciences.
















more























      research highlights
    






























© volker lannert / uni bonn

















      hpc cluster marvin
    















"marvin" is the university's high-performance computer. above all, it enriches the research areas of high performance computing (hpc), ai & ml.
















more






























© abteilung ii / informatik uni bonn

















      machine learning for 3d shape analysis
    















our 3d shape matching solution uses deep learning with spectral regularization in unsupervised training. it outperforms previous approaches in matching quality in nine data sets.
















to the publication






























© adobe firefly

















      for 2535 — anticipation of human behavior
    















this project aims to develop a fundamental technology for applications that require the anticipation of human behavior.
















about the project





































©  international committee of the red cross

















      digital "red cross emblem" to protect against attacks
    















humanitarian protection and support for victims of war and armed violence — that is the aim of the international committee of the red cross (icrc). the symbol of the red cross is intended to protect aid workers from attacks during their missions. can this symbol also be used in the digital world? our international team is researching the protection for online resources.
















more






























© abteilung v / informatik uni bonn

















      ai research group: algorithmic data analysis for geodesy (algoforge)
    















as part of the research group, we develop new algorithms for problems in the field of geodesy.
















about the project






























© repair project

















      robotics meets cultural heritage
    















we are contributing perception and motion planning techniques to the "repair" project, which aims to physically reconstruct destroyed frescoes from pompeii. using modern algorithms, we are helping to place these fragments with two robotic arms.
















about the project






















      our address
    
























university of bonninstitute of computer sciencefriedrich-hirzebruch-allee 8
postal address:
university of bonninstitute of computer sciencefriedrich-hirzebruch-allee 553115 bonngermany















to google maps






















































          wird geladen
        










quick start




 useful links


semester dates


examination office


equality


contact us


service





 further links


basis


ecampus
























            © institut für informatik der rheinischen friedrich-wilhelms-universität bonn 2025
          



imprint
data protection








