



ford explorer rollover




























ford explorer rollover -  explorer rollover lawsuit - ford explorer rollover attorney - roof crush defects






free case / lawsuit evaluation 















 ford explorer
 rollover home
 ford explorer rollovers explained
 ford explorer
 tire failure

 ford explorer
 firestone tire


 ford explorer
 rollover defects 
 firestone tire  recall

 ford explorer 
 rollover history

 ford explorer
 rollover lawsuits
 ford explorer
 sport trac rollovers
 ford explorer rollover rate
 ford explorer roof crush

 ford explorer rollover
 attorney / lawyer

 ford explorer 
 rollover lawsuit


 mercury mountaineer
 rollover lawsuit 




   about the firm
   past cases
   news articles
   board certification
   office location
   legal help
   contact us




ford explorerrollover news






 
 



ford explorer rollover lawsuits & safety recall information
ford explorer rollovers and rollover safety concerns have been in the public spotlight almost daily since 2000 when the ford explorer - firestone tire tread separation roll over accident problem was revealed. hundreds of deaths in the u.s. have been blamed on a faulty design that creates an instability in the ford explorers. this design problem has resulted in many drivers unable to control the vehicle in emergency situations, especially after a tire blowout or sudden deflation from a tire tread separated resulting in a rollovers.
the ford explorer and similar models, the mercury mountaineer and mazda navajo are in a class of their own in regards to the large numbers of rollovers. the ford explorer was introduced the motoring public in 1991 and was marketed as a safe passenger friendly replacement to the ford bronco ii, the former rollover king. but apparrantly ford's engineers didn't design the rollover out of their new suv. the ford explorer has been rolling over and killing it's occupants since the first months it was sold. even today, more ford explorers are rolling over at alarming rates, even after the ford firestone recall and replacement of the firestone tires.
explorer rollover rates rank higher than any of it's current competitors. a recent rollover study analysis of national and florida crash statistics, the ford explorer, even when fitted with tires other than firestone, has a higher rate of tire-related accidents than other sport utility vehicles. while firestone turned out millions of sub-standard and potentially defective tires, and was the initial cause of loss of control many ford explorer firestone tire tread separation rollovers, the blame has shifted toward ford for a defectively designed and unstable vehicle .
 in fact, immediately after the ford explorer rollover problem became, bridgestone -firestone started the finger pointing at ford motor company.
"firestone will no   longer sell tires to ford for use on the explorer. "there is something wrong   with the ford explorer. the testing and accident data we have done proves it,"   lampe said. "you can take our tires off the ford explorer and it would continue   to roll over." ....        mr. john lampe -   bridgestone / firestone ceo
in 2006 in a ford   explorer rollover trial, evidence was introduced that indicated that the   explorer is unstable not only on firestone tires but also on tires made by   goodyear, cooper, michelin's uniroyal, bf goodrich, kelly springfield,   continental general and other tire manufacturers. the explorer rollover trial.   such evidence help to support the argument among many plaintiff lawyers that   represent explorer rollover victims that the ford explorer and ford   explorer sport trac are unstable and can flip over or overturn when the driver   is faced with an emergency maneuver, hard braking or other evasive driving   maneuvers to avoid an animal, a pothole, black ice, road hazard or another   vehicle.
the insurance   institute for highway safety (iihs) issued a safety report in 2005, finding that   ford explorer (the two-door, two-wheel drive models) made between 1999 - 2002   had the fourth highest rate of driver death of the 47 suvs that were part of the   study and in a study the year before, the ford explorer sporttrac received the   worst rollover rating of any suv tested.ralph nadar's   organization public   citizen along with many consumer action groups are   pushing nhtsa and congress to recall the ford explorer. the problems with the   ford explorer are just going to continue to increase as the fleet of these suvs   get older. as the suspension, springs, shocks, tires, linkage gets worn out and   looser, the handling and stability of the explorer will be even harder to   control in emergency evasive manuevers and other everyday situations in which a   tight responsive vehicle is required and expected. further, explorer lawsuits   have been file in court alleging that the ford explorer roof is defective as the   design creates a weak roof subject to severe roof crush or roof deformation in a   rollover resulting in severe spinal cord injuries,neck fractures, head   injuries, resulting in paralysis, brain damage and death.
willis law firm   case  - experience   counts! 
for 30+   years mr. willis has represented 100's of victims and their families   involved in rollovers and other auto and product liability accidents nationwide   including the ford explorer &  ford explorer sport trac, 2x4, 4x4 ford   explorers, ford expedition, lincoln navigator, ford ranger, ford f-150,   f-250, f-350 trucks and ford bronco ii, tire tread separations,   tire  failures, explosions, roof crush-roof collapses, seat back failures,   seatbelt releases and other serious product liability cases.  (contact us   now)
in 1997, mr. willis   was involved in one of the nation's first firestone atx radial tread / belt   separation and ford explorer rollover cases which occurred in texas. a products   liability lawsuit was filed in 1998 against ford and firestone due to the ford   explorer going out of control and rolling over after the   explorer's rear firestone atx radial tire's tread separated and came off in one   piece. (note   texas state trooper in picture to left carrying   the tread of the firestone tire back to the ford explorer rollover accident   scene.) our client/ driver lost both legs, her husband, the front passenger was   killed and the backseat child had a severe spinal cord injury. this case was   settled out of court in a confidential settlment. click here to read about the williams vs. ford motor company & firestone bridgestone case.
after a long battle   with ford and firestone a very significant confidential settlement was reached   by all parties. on july 17, 2001, mr. willis was recognized as one of a very   select group of products liability attorneys in the nation and was awarded the   prestigious steven j. sharp public service award for his contributions in   investigating and gathering evidence pertaining to tire belt separation and   vehicle rollovers in firestone tire and ford explorer rollover cases. the   efforts by these selected attorneys and others helped lead to the largest recall   in u.s. history. this award was   presented to mr. willis by the president of the association of trial lawyers of   america.
willis firm commitment   to clients
"my firm is committed   to representing individuals and families who have been the victims of a wrongful   death or serious personal injury. although monetary compensation cannot heal the   emotional and physical scars left as the result of a serious accident, it can   help in many cases to relieve much of the economic stress and hardship   associated with the injury or loss of a loved one. many times it is the only   means of support and future security for the injured individual and their   family. litigation may not bring back a loved one, or heal a serious injury, but   it may serve to help prevent others from having to endure the same   loss."         david p. willis   - houston, texas
ford explorer   rollover accidents - talk to a lawyer now
if you have a question   regarding serious personal injuries or the wrongful death of a friend or family   member involved in a ford explorer rollover of ford explorer sport trac   rollover, tire tread separation, tire blowout, roof crush roof pillar collapse,   vehicle rollover or other serious accident, then call and talk to us now. please   call our office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. call for a free &   confidential consultation.
toll free at   1-800-883-9858 or 1-800-468-4878
click   here >> for   free ford explorer   rollover lawsuit case evaluation
 




 






            free case review 







leave this field empty 





* full name:



 






* email:



 


* phone number(s):



 


* date of accident:


 
 


* accident location:






details accident/injury:






 



rollover topics 





explorer rollover rate
      tire tread separation
      ford explorer recall
      safety concerns
      roof collapse
      defective tires
      tire tread recall
      stability formula
      airbag / rollover
      window ejection
      fuel fed fires
      airbag failures
      rollovers computer
      fuel fed fire
      crashworthiness
      gas tank explosion
      seat belt failure
      defective seatbelts
      lap only belts
      seat back  failure
      door latch opening
      roof crush
      high center of gravity
      seat belt failure





rollover injuries  





wrongful death
      serious head injuries
      quadriplegia
      paraplegia
      closed head injury
      spinal cord injuries
      closed head injuries
      anoxic brain damage
      rollover suffocation
      roof crush injuries
      paralysis
      suffocation
      positional asphyxia
      bursting fracture
      tbi & sci injuries



 




*notice/disclosure
  disclaimer*

 
 
 
 






mr. willis
              is board certified in personal injury trial law by the texas board
            of legal specialization.mr. willis is a licensed attorney in new york and texas. principle office is houston, texas
willis law firm - 5252 westchester st. - suite #275 - houston, texas -  toll free 800-883-9858
ford explorer rollover · ford explorer rollovers explained  · ford explorer sport trac rollovers · firestone tire recall · ford explorer  rollover history · ford explorer rollover lawsuits · ford explorer rollover rate · ford explorer risks · ford explorer rollover lawyer · ford explorer class action lawsuit · mazda navajo rollovers · mercury mountaineer rollover ·ford explorer rollover lawsuits · ford explorer rollover attorney · contact a rollover lawyernationwide rollover assistance & case evaluation call toll-free 1-800-883-9858











