




the official phil brown website


















 


mailing contact: 2109
        s. wilbur ave. walla walla, wa 99362 
           e-mail: time machine collectibles   fax: 509-525-0393





after a long illness, phil died peacefully 
			in his sleep on thursday feb 9th 

			we at time machine 
            collectibles wish to extend our heartfelt
            condolences to the family and friends of 
            phil brown. 
            he will be deeply missed by his family, friends and fans alike.
april 30, 1916 
            - february 9, 2006
 







phil brown is probably best known for his
                role in star wars as uncle owen lars (luke
                skywalker's uncle), due to its world-wide
                popularity for the past twenty years, in spite of
                it's being a small role in terms of his long and
                successful career in new york, hollywood and
                europe.

                phil graduated from stanford university in 1937
                and was fortunate to be accepted into the famous
                group theatre of new york in 1938.

                while waiting for the group theatre to cast him,
                mr. brown secured his first job on broadway as a
                dancer in the play, "everywhere i
                roam". this led him to another dance part in
                a political cabaret in aid of sending medical
                supplies to loyalist spain. he also stage managed
                a russian war relief meeting in madison square
                garden, addressed by franklin delano roosevelt
                among others. these humanitarian efforts on the
                part of mr. brown earned him a number of
                "brownie points" in every red-haters'
                "black book". (roosevelt picked up a
                few, but not as many as brown.)

                in 1941 after the sad dissolution of the group
                theatre, brown, along with a number of the senior
                members, moved to hollywood for work in films
                which he did until he was drafted. his move
                upward on the totem pole was fairly rapid,
                playing a series of roles, classified in those
                days as "the guy who didn't get the
                girl". his near-misses comprise an
                impressive list which included jean arthur, jean
                craine, hedy lamarr, ruth hussey, donna reed, and
                claudette colbert. he nearly succeeded in getting
                donna reed in "calling dr. gillespie",
                but just missed doing so in the last reel, due to
                having killed off a number of people earlier in
                the film. 

                in the forties, along with other former group
                theatre members, mr. brown formed the actor's
                laboratory, a unique organization in hollywood.
                life magazine coverage of ben johnson's
                "volpone", directed by morris
                carnovsky, resulted in the quote: "the
                theatre where some of the best acting in america
                can be seen today!". phil brown occupied a
                position on the board of directors of the actor's
                laboratory throughout it's duration, and during
                that time directed the west coast production of
                arthur miller's "all my sons" and
                arthur laurent's "home of the brave".
                he also played the title role in michael
                chekhov's production of gogol's "the
                inspector general", and produced many of the
                70+ other productions.

                in 1944 brown returned briefly to broadway to
                perform the lead in "the streets are
                guarded", which was written by retired
                marine colonel lawrence stallings.

                in 1948 phil brown traveled to london to play
                the the role of helen haye's son tom opposite her
                in the tennessee williams play, "the glass
                menagerie", directed by sir john gielgud.
                this was the first tennessee williams play to be
                seen in that city.

                brown remained in london for 18 months to play a
                leading role along with robert newton in a comedy
                thriller titled "obsession" (a.k.a
                "the hidden room), also performing in that
                production was sally gray. he went on to a
                behind-the-scenes position as assistant to the
                director in a film based on the 30's novel,
                "christ in concrete" by pietro
                didenato, which starred sam wanamaker. the film
                has two titles "give us this day" or
                "salt to the devil", and is considered
                a classic in france.

                in 1949 brown was lured back to hollywood with
                the promise of directing, by columbia pictures.
                he had only finished his first feature film
                entitled "the harlem globetrotters"
                which starred dorothy dandridge and the famous
                globetrotter team, before the anti-communist
                zealots of the infamous mccarthy period rose to
                prominence with their incredible persecution of
                so many actors, authors, and other artists. the
                last employment he was offered in hollywood was a
                job directing an anthology series of short plays
                for schlitz beer, with irene dunne as the master
                of ceremonies, after which he he was permanently
                deprived of his livelihood by the american
                legion.

                although phil brown was never a member of the
                communist party, a few ill-informed
                super-patriots such as ronald reagan, (then
                president of the screen actor's guild), roy
                brewer, (head of the stage hands union in
                hollywood), the american legion, and that most
                powerful and corrupt of all the red-haters, j.
                edgar hoover, decided that he was indeed a
                "red". they concluded that the great
                american public would be better off if they were
                not to see mr. brown's face on their screen, or
                view any of the films he had directed. brown was
                blacklisted in 1952, along with many others
                during that disgraceful time in political
                history. 

                when brown had been unemployed for 8 months, and
                it appeared that he would remain so, he was
                offered a leading role in a play entitled
                "the river line" by the same london
                management that had presented "the glass
                menagerie". he left for london immediately,
                followed shortly by his wife ginny and their two
                young sons. 

                seeing no point in returning to hollywood
                considering the political witch-hunt that
                continued to flourish, the browns remained in
                london until early 1992. fortunately, the british
                government and citizens welcomed mr. brown's
                talent as both actor and director, and he was
                able to build a new career for himself . he
                played a number of roles in london's west end,
                which is the british equivalent of broadway,
                where he also directed a number of plays, as well
                as producing and directing programs for british
                television, and performing in many shows. over
                the years he also acted in a number of films in
                spain, yugoslavia, france, and sweden. 

                brown and his family lived on two luxurious
                houseboats on the thames, spending a part of each
                year on the island of hvar, off the coast of yugoslavia, from 1952 until his recent return to
                hollywood in 1992.

                phil will be 88 in april and is retired from acting, 
because of failing health,
                  phil is no longer attending conventions, but he continues to
                  sign autographs. 




i would like to announce my retirement from the convention
                  circuit. personally autographed photos will continue to be
                  available to the public online through my website at
                  www.philbrown.com. 

                  meeting my fans personally has been endlessly rewarding for my
                  wife ginny and me. i would like to express my deepest
                  gratitude to all for your support of my career, and thank you
                  from the bottom of my heart for your kind thoughts and warm
                  wishes.  




                phil is now confined to bed and is no longer able to autograph 
                photos.
 
















phil at disney world 200l







films (link to imdb)

filmography
chaplin
                (1992) - projectionist (cameo)
mario puzo's 'the fortunate pilgrim';
                (1988) - tv series - supervisor f/o 
martian chronicles, the (1980), (mini) tv
                series (cameo)
superman (1978) - state senator (cameo)
                aka superman: the movie (1978) 
star wars (1977) - uncle owen lars 
                aka adventures of the starkiller (1976) (usa)
                aka star wars: episode iv: a new hope (1980) 
silver bears (1977) - american banker
                (cameo)
pink panther strikes again, the (1976) -
                virginia senator (cameo)
romantic englishwoman, the (1975) -
                mr.wilson (featured)
scalawag (1973)
valdez is coming (1971) - malson
                (featured)
togetherness (1970) - everett
tropic of cancer (1970) - van norden
                (featured)
land raiders (1969) - mayfield (featured)
                aka day of the landgrabber, the (1969) 
adding machine, the (1969) - don (lead)
operation cross eagles (1969) - sgt.
                tunley (cameo)
                aka unakrsna vatra (1969) 
boy cried murder, the (1966), (lead)
                aka decak vikao ubistvo (1966)
                aka junge schrie mord, ein (1966) (west germany) 
bedford incident, the (1965) - chief
                hospitalman mckinley (featured)
counterfiet traitor, the (1962)
camp on blood island, the (1958)
                (featured)
king in new york, a (1957) - headmaster
                (featured)
green scarf, the (1954) - john bell
                (featured)
hidden room, the (1949)- bill kronin
                ((lead)
                aka obsession (1949) 
if you knew susie (1948) - joe collins
                (cameo)
moonrise (1948) - elmer (featured)
johnny o'clock (1947) - hotel clerk
                (featured)
killers, the (1946), (uncredited) - nick
                adams (featured)
                aka man alone, a (1946) 
without reservations (1946) -
                soldier(featured)
                aka thanks god, i'll take it from here (1946)
state fair (1945) - harry ware ((featured)
                aka it happened one summer (1945) 
jungle captive, the (1945) - don
                young(featured)
                aka wild jungle captive (1952) 
over 21 (1945) - frank macdougal
                (featured)
impatient years, the (1944) - henry
                fairchild (featured)
weird woman (1944) - david jennings
                (featured)
calling dr. gillespie (1942) - roy todwell
                (lead)
pierre of the plains (1942) - val denton
                (featured)
i wanted wings (1941) - jimmy
                masters(cameo) 
h.m. pulham, esq. (1941) - joe bingham
                (featured)


director
                filmography
harlem
                globetrotters (1951) 




autographed photos - orders - gallery - time machine - links 





  











