







association of drivers against daytime running lights




 






 










home





about dadrl





the drl story





news





studies





faq's





disable drls





join dadrl





links





contact






 


welcome!

the association of drivers against daytime running lights - dadrl - 
is actively working to stop governments and manufacturers from
installing daytime running lights (drls) on motor vehicles. there is
no conclusive evidence to show that drls are effective at reducing
crashes.  rather, there are a number of safety-negative side effects
of drls on automobiles, including emitting excessive glare to other
drivers, masking of other vulnerable road users, and increased energy
consumption.  please browse our pages to learn more about how drls 
are an ill-conceived safety gimmick and how you can help us to combat
them.


check out our sister sites:


lightmare,
dadrl-poland,
dadrl-uk.



boycott of the month


2019 nissan - all models

nissan has decided that for the 2018 model year most, if not all of its models
would come standard with excessively bright led drls.
this isn't about safety, folks (see below),
it's about a cheap gimmick.  if nissan were truly concerned about safety,
they would read the reports about drl ineffectiveness in the us and choose
not to implement them. instead, they enable the most glaring and cheapest
drl solution.  when shopping for a new vehicle, drive past the nissan
dealership.



nhtsa finds no significant benefit for drls
big news: the national highway traffic safety administration
has recently released a technical report finds drls are of practically
no use, and further admits that drls have negative safety
consequences.   in nhtsa's own words:


"the analysis found that drls have no statistically significant
overall effect on the three target crashes.  when combining these
three target crashes into one target crash, the drl effects were also
not statistically significant.  when examined separately for passenger
cars and light trucks / van (ltvs) , drls in ltvs significantly
reduced ltvs involvement in the target two vehicle by 5.7 percent.
however, the remaining drl effects on these three target crashes were
not statistically significiant.  although not statistically
significant, drls might have unintended consequences for pedestrains
and motorcycles.  particularly, the estimated negitive effects for
ltv's were relatively large and cannont be completely ignored.


"currently the nhtsa is in the rulemaking process in response to
general motors (gm) petition to mandate drls.  this report will affect
the rulemaking decision.  therefore the report is considered to
contain 'highly influential scientific information'."


the document can be found at
www.regulations.gov and
entering 2008-0153-0004 in the search field.

led light can damage eyes, health authority warns

auto makers have been using unnecessarily bright leds for drls for the past
few years. the perceived intensity from these rivals that of the
early high-beam drls used on saturns. in some cases, it's worse because
the led light is well into the blue part of the spectrum where the
human eye is more sensitive.


researchers in france have confirmed that "exposure to an intense and
powerful [led] light is 'photo-toxic' and can lead to irreversible loss
of retinal cells and diminished sharpness of vision."

source:
yahoo(afp)



copyright © 2020, dadrl, all rights reserved

privacy statement



 

 



 


home | about | the drl story | news | studies | faq's | disable | join dadrl | links | contact



 

 






