










home - greater wyoming valley chamber of commerce





















































 
 














skip to content














 
member loginjoin nowwilkes-barre connectthink center











facebook





linkedin





instagram





youtube






































menu 
business directorymembership membership benefits advocacyget involved diversity, equity, and inclusion council diversity, equity, and inclusion certification program government affairs council ambassadors council women’s council young professionals council sign up for network newswhat’s new blog hot deals/coupons job bank member press releases rfps speaker directory volunteer opportunitieseconomic development why greater wyoming valley entrepreneur and small business assistance (wilkes-barre connect) workforce development financing and business incentives support our efforts available propertiesprograms & events signature events chamber event calendar community event calendar civics bee – greater wyoming valley areaabout us ceo message & strategic plan meet our team! chamber internship program board of directors thank you to our pledge campaign contributors!








 




















welcome to the






greater wyoming valley






chamber of commerce





















meet our members icon


meet our members 
 














get involved icon


get involved 
 














community calendar icon


community calendar 
 














login icon


login 
 












the greater wyoming valley chamber of commerce (formerly known as the greater wilkes-barre chamber of commerce) is a member-driven organization representing hundreds of businesses and organizations, focused on helping members grow and succeed in northeastern pa!
nestled in the heart of northeastern pennsylvania, the region offers year-round recreation and entertainment, a growing economy, an old fashioned sense of neighborhood, and easy access to major cities.

















our priorities















 






connect the valley


learn how we connect you with resources in the community to start, grow, and develop your business! 





















 






innovate the valley


learn how we use our certified economic development organization to support business and industry! 





















 






elevate the valley


learn how we work within the community to make the greater wyoming valley a great place to work, live, and play. 

























mark your calendar for these events & programs






check out our community calendar, featuring over 50 of our own annual events, as well as celebrations and educational opportunities across the region to help you connect and do business in the greater wyoming valley! also, check out our spotlight section below for our newest community programs!















 
luzerne learns to work 
help build your future workforce today! luzerne learns to work assists businesses in offering work-based learning experiences to luzerne county high school students.
 














 
yp giving 
this program introduces young professionals in the greater wyoming valley the opportunity to leave a lasting impact on their community through a local giving platform, and also helps to cultivate our next generation of philanthropists.
 










upcoming events






















view our full event calendar here!


















latest news











blog
















news releases
















 












© 2025 greater wyoming valley chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













(570) 823-2101 









7 south main street, 3rd floor, suite 4, wilkes-barre, pa 18701


7 south main street, 3rd floor, suite 4, wilkes-barre, pa 18701 










po box 759, wilkes-barre, pa, 18703 













info@wyomingvalleychamber.org 







stay connected!









greater wyoming valley chamber facebook page





greater wyoming valley chamber instagram page





greater wyoming valley chamber linked in page





greater wyoming valley chamber youtube page











thank you to our visionary members!
















                                wells fargo                            














                                m & t bank                            














                                pnc                            














                                rosenn jenkins & greenwald                            














                                ugi                            














                                people first                            






next
previous





































 © 

 greater wyoming valley chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top
















