








mcpike mansion home page


















welcome to the official website of the historicmcpike mansionlocated in historical town of alton, illinoisjust north of st. louis, missouri.atop mount lookout park, the highest point in alton, stands the mcpike house. it has not been occupied since the 1950's. â since that time, weather and vandals have caused extensive damage to this historic home.â currently listed on the national register of historic placesonce a proud addition to the town, the mansion continues to be in need of much repair.currently owned by sharyn and george luedke, many needed repairs are being done to return it to it's former glory. â the current owners have been successful at stabilizing much of the structure and continue to make needed renovations. â thanks to everyone who continue to support events at mcpike and extend donations towards these efforts.restoring historical mcpike mansion2018 alby streetalton, illinoissharyn and george luedkeâ or cell 618 830 2179â sluedke14@gmail.comthe mcpike mansion has a history of paranormal occurrences, it is known for it's haunting's.numerous photos have been taken that add to it's mystery. â balls of light go unexplained by professional photographers, human-shaped outlines appear in the windows, shadowy or glowing, they were not seen by human eyes until photos were developed.take a virtual tour of the house and grounds - photosthis page was last updated: february 5, 2025due to the size of the cellar, all tours are limited to 35 -40 attendees. â please pre-register to hold your seat.masks are â welcomedbut not required.artist rendition of mcpike mansion bylewis barrett lehrmanplease be advised that due to city regulations, the current stateof the mansion, it's ongoing renovations, and your safety....physical visits inside the mansion are limited to the cellar only.do you have photos to send us.....?email to:sluedke14@gmail.comâ sharyn luedke â orlittleshoppe1@charter.netâ sandy little lizardplease register in advancetour and event dates have beenset for 2025!!!! â tour dates1homeabout ushistory of mcpikestoredonationsgift certificatescalendar of eventstours and eventsinvestigation/private toursvirtual tours - recordingscampoutsphotos, orbs, evp'smap to the mansionlocal supportersmcpike mansion - january 2020â if you would like to donate to the restoration of the mansion, please visit ourâ â donation pageâ  to see how you can help.issues with purchasing tickets? â contact sandy at 618 251-9646 or littleshoppe1@charter.net.http://www.littleshoppeofauras.com/sage_store.htmlgo to this website to purchase the smudge spritz used at mcpike . â 4oz â  $8or contact sandy littlelizard at littleshoppe1@charter.nethours 10am to 8pmvisitors are welcome to walk the grounds and take pihotos during these hours.â the mansion itself is not open to the public.â notice:â  the appointment calendar seems to be down.â â we will let you know when it is back up.â  thank you for your patience.â  2/5/25website designed at homestead™ make a website and list your business









