



spencemusic - home page



























spence music navigation




homepage




on record




 bilbo 
              baggins 
chisholm 
              & s 
brothers 
              
reputation 
              
singles 
              
macgregor's 
              
              trap  
              the wish 
picnic 
              at hanging rock
compilations 
              
other 
              artists 
downloads
videos






information




live 
              dates 
campo 
              pequeno
mactrap 
              live 
quick 
              facts 
timeline 
              
interviews 
              
articles 
              
friends 
              
facebook

old 
              news 
 




other stuff




 guestbook
surveys
shop 
              
buying 
              advice
adverts 
              
links 
              
contact 
              info 





other 
              brian spence 
              web sites
















 
bilbo 
              music 















 

 subscribe to spence 
                                music mailing list




enter 
                                your email address, select an option then press 
                                submit.




 







 

 subscribe

unsubscribe 





 
















 


 






 

 


spence music  
a brian spence fan's web site

home

spence 
      music is a web site about brian spence, the singer, songwriter, producer, 
      multi-instrumental musician and all-round nice-guy who creates and performs 
      fantastic music. 
on this site you can find out about brian's albums "brothers" 
        and "reputation" along with "macgregor's trap", his 
        marriage to debbie mckenna, the band the wish and musical picnic at hanging 
        rock. in addition there is also information on his early career with bilbo 
        baggins and chisholm and spence.
this web site is 100% unofficial, although brian has visited 
        the site he has not told me to stop (yet) or to "get a life" 
        (maybe soon). there are a couple of other sites about brian, one in german 
        and one in japanese (the very first). please support these sites too by 
        visiting them. i have provided links to these on the navigation column 
        on the left by using nationality flags.

latest news
1st july 2012

is this site dead?: no. 
          it has not been updated in a while as i have been suffering with depression. 
          one of the of side-effects of depression is that you really don't enjoy 
          the things that you normally do. i'm still not over it, it can take 
          a long time, but this is the first time i have wanted to up the website 
          in quite a while. 
for those of you who have missed regular updates, you 
          can also join the brian 
          spence fans facebook group. any one can be a member (as long as 
          you post related items). as of writing there are 59 members, including 
          debbie, brian's wife. so any interesting posts will be passed onto brian. 
        
so what happened 
          last year? 
naoki, the big fan of brian's, based in japan, brought out a 
          booklet based on brian's work. you can download your own copy via naoki's 
          site at icoan 
          music. 
brian was writing a new musical. sorry, however, 
          i am not allowed to say any more as brian has sworn me to secretcy. 
          as and when he is happy with everything i'm sure you will read about 
          it here first. 
articles held over
nuno, a portuguese fan currently based in the uk, went and saw 
          brian and debbie perform in one of their regular london pub venues. 
          below is nuno and his wife's (maria) write of their experience. 

it has been nearly two months since maria (my wife) 
            and i had our memorable night at the lord morpeth (nuno wrote this 
            way back in may 2011) and this review is long due. 

            it was truly one of the greatest nights out we ever had. i already 
            knew brian is a great musician but we had the privilege of seeing 
            the great guy he is, along with his wife debbie who was also very 
            nice with us. 

we 
            felt truly special for having our favourites songs played and dedicated 
            to us and, above all, the time we spent talking with brian and debbie. 
            it was great talking with brian about his music, the campo pequeno 
            concert and life in general. brian is too modest with his music, for 
            me he is neck to neck with bryan adams, john cougar or russ ballard. 
            sometimes you hear an artist you like live and it's a disappointment, 
            this was not the case at all with brian. i remember saying to maria 
            that some of the covers seemed better than the originals. 

            the pictures and videos we took made my friends, who also enjoy hits 
            like "will you never be my friend", very jealous. we look 
            forward to show up in another gig sometime soon.

            i also need to thank you [mark – spencemusic website host] for 
            helping out the days before as i had a lot of questions and i went 
            a lot more confident to the pub with your support. i have seen the 
            article you wrote on the website, it looks very nice and i can testify 
            we were welcomed with open arms by everyone at the lord morpeth.
the wish
you can still get the album postcards, by the wish, brian and 
            debbie's band with stewart irving from a couple of years back via 
            the itunes gadget below. 






can you answer a question
            emma beyer contacted me last year and asked me a question i could 
            not answer. so i asked brian and he could not remember his name, but 
            could "see" his face (it happens with old age). so i will 
            ask you, his fans, to see if you can answer it. who produced the video 
            for "come back home"? if you can answer this question, emma 
            (and me) will really appreciate it. 
images from campo pequeno
            manuel fonseca also contacted me last year to tell me about so photographs 
            on the internet from the campo pequeno concert. i thought you would 
            be interested in in these links, especially if you were lucky enough 
            to be there (commiseration if you missed a this great night). 
www.ruimleal-photography.net
arlindopinto.com











© arlindo pinto


© rui m leal



rui is a great person and i follow him on facebook. 
            i'm sure arlindo is too and maybe, one day, i will get to say "hello" 
            to both of them and say personally what great photographers they are. 
          
facebook
            did i say spence music is on facebook? 
          










page last updated: 4th march 2010
© morley enterprises 
        2001-2011. this site, spencemusic, is a personal site and is not affiliate 
        with brian spence, bilbo, bilbo baggins, cheeky bufalloes, chisholm & 
        spence, the wish or anyone else for that matter. any copyright infringement 
        is accidental. the pictures and music on this site are there for information 
        only. they are not there for any commercial purpose. therefore, if anyone 
        representing the artist(s) or record company(ies) want me to remove these 
        items please mail me and i will remove them immediately! this site, spencemusic, 
        and morley enterprises are not responsible for the content of any 
        other websites that are linked from here. so there.



 




