





  


dolan designs lighting




































































 






javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                






 













menu



search




account







homeproductsbath collectionschandelier collectionsclose-to-ceiling collectionsmini pendant collectionsoutdoor collectionspendant collectionswall sconce collectionswhere to buywish listsabout usdealer log-in 






search:

search








store locator
my account
my wishlists
log in











dolan designs
since our establishment in 1994, dolan designs has been dedicated to crafting timeless lighting collections for every area of your home. our unwavering commitment to attention to detail and design excellence sets us apart and we take pride in offering original and visually stunning designs. we are proud to feature the new layers™ collection of revolutionary, patented technology that distinguishes our lighting solutions from any other on the market.






our categories






bath collections







chandelier collections







close-to-ceiling collections







mini pendant collections







outdoor collections







pendant collections







wall sconce collections










the layers™ collection
formally the scene master™, we are proud to announce the layers™ collection from dolan designs. this innovative lighting solution combines up to five (5) distinct lighting effects to create an endless array of lighting scenes, all from a single fixture.
with our patented scene master technology, each fixture within the layers™ collection has built-in lutron dimmers and can be conveniently controlled using the included pico wireless wall control, as well as on your smartphone, tablet, and other homekit devices available through the lutron smart hub. this cutting-edge technology integrates with your existing devices makes adjusting your lighting effortless and intuitive, creating the perfect ambiance for any occasion.











dolan designs catalog
at dolan designs, we're dedicated to providing an exceptional selection of home lighting styles and finishes. our focus on simple, clean, and timeless designs makes our lighting solutions a perfect complement to a wide variety of decorating styles. whether you're looking to add a touch of elegance to your living room, create a warm and inviting atmosphere in your bedroom, or enhance the functionality of your kitchen, we have the perfect lighting solution for you.


view full catalog




 






		
		 copyright ©  dolan designs. all rights reserved.
		
 

		2730 nw front avenue
		portland, or 97210
phone: 503-220-0799  fax: 503-243-2474
toll free:
phone: 800-929-4325  fax: 800-929-3669

information and customer service:
info@dolandesigns.com








please select the wishlist you want to add product








choose an option
create new wishlist




must select a wishlist



submit



 






