




cognitive technologies, inc.:the company




http://startupsdir.com - http://orktorrrents.com - http://torfilez.net - http://theobamaforum.com - http://proemailflyer.com - http://ferbourtoi.org - http://torrenteuropa.net - http://torrentfilez.org



 






the company


the people


what we do


publications






the 
      company












 
strategic 
      goals


 
global 
      wisdom, inc.


 
employment 
      opportunities


 
facilities


 
how 
      to get to cti 


 
 


 








still 
        underestimating ulysses s. grant
downloadable 
        copy
      (with correction of minor editing error)
by
marvin s. 
        cohen
        cite: new york sun, 
        tuesday, december 14, 2004, p. 14








 background 



cti's mission: to create and apply technologies for knowledge, 
                    reasoning, dialogue, and decision - based on cognitive science, 
                    decision theory, information technology, and practical experience.
 founded in 1990 by dr. marvin s. cohen, 
                    cti is an independent small business located in arlington, 
                    virginia. the firm pursues research in human-centered technologies 
                    in order to develop innovative and effective applications 
                    for training and computer support for cognitive skills. cti's 
                    staff combines expertise and practical experience in: 

cognitive 
                      research on expert knowledge, thinking 
                      skills, and decision making strategies by individuals and 
                      teams. 


advanced 
                      modeling of inference, reasoning, 
                      decision making and communication processes, using techniques 
                      from decision theory, psychology, dialogue theory, statistics, 
                      and computer science.


training 
                      to improve critical thinking and decision-making skills 
                      in real-world domains.


computer-based 
                      decision aids that adapt to users' 
                      knowledge and decision-making strategies while protecting 
                      against the associated pitfalls

                  cti staff have in-depth experience with a large range of customers, 
                  including the army, the navy, the u.s. intelligence community, 
                  the air force, nasa, and others.






cognitive 
        technologies at the cutting edge
see below 
        for highlights of cti's recent work on critical thinking, leadership, 
        decision making, trust in decision aids, and other cognitive technologies


 








 cognitive technologies on 
            the cutting edge




a trimodal theory of decision making. researchers in many areas of decision making have concentrated on narrow slices of the decision making domain, e.g., choice in classical decision theory or recognition in naturalistic research. we attempt to distill a more accurate and comprehensive conception of decision making from recent empirical research and theory, to elucidate some of its normative and descriptive features, and to draw conclusions for the cognitive engineering of decision aids.  
                the following can be downloaded:

revised draft submitted for publication: cohen, m. s., & lipshitz, raanan (2011). three roads to commitment: a trimodal theory of decision making. arlington, va: perceptronics solutions. submitted for publication.e
presentation at 10th international conference on naturalistic decision making, orlando, fl, june, 2011: cohen, m. s., & lipshitz, raanan (2011). three roads to commitment: an integrative framework for decision making. e


time and uncertainty in naturalistic decision making. this chapter focuses on a critical issue in ndm research: experts’ management of the time they take to gather information and verify assessments and decisions. we critique ndm theories that equate expertise entirely with substantive knowledge, trivilizing the issue of time management. satisfactory management of time for deliberation requires not only substantive domain knowledge but also the acquisition of strategic thinking skill. we cite both conceptual arguments and experimental evidence with commercial airline pilots for this hypothesis, and we present a model of a relatively automatic process for allocating time baseed on animal foraging. the foraging for surprise model predicts that thinking strategies will improve as decision makers spend varying amounts of time deliberating about tasks that vary in known uncertainty, novelty, and cost of delay. we contrast this model with a "stopping rule" proposal that imples fixed, pre-existing knowledge structures (klein, et al.'s data-frame theory). we sketch some implications for training and decision aiding from an ndm perspective.   
                the following can be downloaded:

cohen, m. s. (2011). knowns, known unknowns, and unknown unknows: time and uncertainty in naturalistic decision making. in k. mosier and u. fischer (eds.), knowledge management:  expert performance in complex situations e


dialogue 
                and critical thinking. critical 
                thinking is a purposive dialogue with oneself or others, 
                about alternative possibilities. critical thinking 
                usually takes place in a practical context, where its purpose 
                is to improve situation understanding or decisionmaking -- by 
                proposing, critiquing, evaluating, and improving alternative hypotheses, 
                interpretations of evidence, predicted outcomes, goals, and courses 
                of action. dialogue theory enables us to identify dialogue roles 
                and phases, and moves and constraints associated with each, that 
                characterize successful critical thinking dialogue, and which 
                enable participants to achieve their purposes within the time 
                available. 
                the following can be downloaded:

final version of a chapter that gives the best description of the theory and how it has been applied to training team critical thinking. cohen, m. s. et al. (2006). dialogue as medium (and message) for training critical thinking. in r. hoffman (ed.), expertise out of context. mahwah, nj: erlbaum.


dialogue 
                and leadership. leadership skills  are displayed in the way individuals 
                communicate with one another in the context of a collaborative 
                practical activity. an integration of cognitive and communicative 
                concepts leads to a conceptualization of leadership as the 
                orchestration and improvisation of appropriate dialogues to achieve 
                group objectives. leaders must learn to recognize the 
                types of dialogue that are appropriate to different situations 
                and understand how to recognize and implement the associated expectations 
                and roles. they must also acquire skills for overcoming obstacles 
                to successful dialogue and for managing the flow of conversation 
                without violating trust. 
                
a chapter about this approach to leadership skill: cohen, 
                    m. s. (2004). leadership as the orchestration and improvisation 
                    of dialogue: cognitive and communicative skills in conversations 
                    among leaders and subordinates. in d. v. day, s. j. zaccaro, 
                    & s. m. halpin (eds.), leader development for tranforming 
                    organizations: growing leaders for tomorrow (pp. 177-208). 
                    mahwah, nj: erlbaum.


naturalistic decision 
                making and critical thinking. we have learned from 
                studies of proficient real-world decision makers that they are 
                distinguished by (1) their recognitional skills -- the ability 
                to recognize familiar patterns and to rapidly retrieve appropriate 
                expectations, goals, and responses -- and (2) by their ability 
                to apply their experience in unfamiliar, novel, or anomalous situations, 
                which do not match previous patterns. under the latter conditions, 
                recognition needs to be supplemented by metacognitive processes 
                that monitor the products of recognition and, when problems are 
                found, adopt strategies to resolve them. cti's recognition 
                / metacognition model provides a systematic 
                and precise account of processes that decision makers use to understand 
                and plan in such novel and uncertain situations. 
                here are some basic readings about this model and its applications:                



introduces, motivates, and illustrates 
                    the model: cohen, 
                    m. s., freeman, j. t. and wolf, s. (1996). meta-recognition 
                    in time-stressed decision making: recognizing, critiquing, 
                    and correcting. journal of the human factors and ergonomics 
                    society (38,2), pp. 206-219.
more detailed description of the model, 
                    more examples, and its application to individual training:
cohen, m.s., freeman, 
                    j.t. and thompson, b.b. (1998). critical thinking skills in 
                    tactical decision making: a model and a training method. (canon-bowers, 
                    j. and e. salas, eds.), decision-making under stress: implications 
                    for training & simulation. washington, dc: american 
                    psychological association publications.
application of the model to team training for appropriate 
                    initiative: cohen, 
                    m. s., & thompson, b. b. (2001). training teams to take 
                    initiative: critical thinking in novel situations. in e. salas 
                    (ed.), advances in cognitive engineering and human performance 
                    research (1, pp. 251-291). amsterdam: jai.
results of testing the effectiveness of training for initiative. 
                    cohen, 
                    m. s., & adelman, l. (2002). training critical thinking 
                    to enhance battlefield initiative. in anonymous (ed.), proceedings 
                    of the human factors and ergonomics society's 46th annual 
                    meeting. human factors & ergonomics society. .


mental 
                models and critical thinking.
according to the recognition / metacognition model, effective 
                decision makers monitor their own evolving mental models. when 
                they find different types of uncertainty (e.g., gaps, conflicts, 
                or unreliable assumptions), they draw from a repertoire of strategies 
                for addressing that type of uncertainty. refinement, modification, 
                or replacement of mental models is therefore problem-driven, subject 
                to regulation by the stakes of the problem and the time available. 
                (cti received recognition for its mental models work by being 
                named of the five best small business innovative research projects 
                in 1999.) 

research on mental models used in battlefield decision making, 
                  especially those pertaining to intent : cohen, 
                  m., thompson, b.b., adelman, l., bresnick, t.a., tolcott, m.a., 
                  & freeman, j.t. (1995). rapid capturing of battlefield 
                  mental models. arlington, va: cognitive technologies, inc..



simulating 
                critical thinking. a computer-based implementation 
                of the recognition / metacognition model has been developed . 
                this work represents a synthesis of our model with work on rapid 
                parallel inference by dr. 
                lokendra shastri of the international computer science institute, 
                affiliated with the university of california at berkeley. the 
                tool, called shruti, 
                has two levels: (1) it performs rapid recognitional inferences 
                and planning within a large expert belief network, utilizing temporal 
                synchrony to maintain dynamic object binding and support complex 
                relational reasoning.(2) it executes a metacognitive control process 
                that monitors recognitional results for different types of uncertainty 
                and shifts attention within active memory to activate new long-term 
                knowledge and adjust assumptions. a simulation of a tactical army 
                battlefield scenario, as well as a navy tactical scenario, has 
                been implemented in this system, and are suitable for use in training 
                systems and decision aids.

describes 
                  a computer simulation of the interaction 
                  between recognitional and metacognitive processes in decision 
                  making: cohen, 
                  m. s., thompson, b. b., adelman, l., bresnick, t. a., shastri, 
                  l., & riedel, s. (2000). training critical thinking for 
                  the battlefield: volume iii: modeling and simulation of battlefield 
                  critical thinking. arlington, va: cognitive technologies, 
                  inc.



decision aids, 
                mental models, and critical thinking. cti has developed 
                several decision aid prototypes based on the recognition / metacognition 
                model. all these aids enable users both to (1) view and manipulate 
                graphical representations of mental models, and (2) annotate or 
                revise the models to highlight problems and solutions discovered 
                in critical thinking. in addition, some of the systems also support 
                 collaborative critiquing and improving of mental 
                models, as well as real-time retrieval of information that is 
                relevant to improving or correcting the model under construction..              

a decision aid for time-stressed decision making 
                  based on cognitive theory: cohen 
                  m.s., freeman, j.t., & thompson, b.t. (1997). integrated critical 
                  thinking training and decision support for tactical anti-air 
                  warfare. in 3d international command and control research 
                  and technology symposium proceedings.



cti has studied the way users interact with advanced decision 
                aiding systems and has developed methods for adapting decision 
                aid displays and reasoning strategies to human cognitive strengths 
                and weaknesses. 



a cognitive framework for the design of adaptive decision 
                  aids, applied to automated target recognition: cohen, 
                  m., & tolcott, m.a. (1992). a cognitive basis for automated 
                  target recognition interface design. arlington, va: cognitive 
                  technologies, inc. experiments on atr design conducted within 
                  the framework: cohen, 
                  m., thompson, b.b., freeman, j. t. (1997). cognitive aspects 
                  of automated target recognition interface design: an experimental 
                  analysis. arlington, va: cognitive technologies, inc..



cti developed a decision analytic theory of trust in 
                decision aids that conceptualizes it as a situation-specific
expectation of system performance, over different 
                time periods and conditional on different phases and circumstances 
                of use. the model makes predictions about the dynamic evolution 
                of trust  and the appropriateness of different user interaction 
                strategies (e.g., when monitoring is or is not appropriate). we 
                have developed training for critical thinking 
                by decision aid users based on the model.



the situation-specific trust model and its implications for 
                  critical thinking training: cohen, 
                  m., parasuraman, r., & freeman, j.t. (1998). trust in decision 
                  aids: what is it and how can it be improved? proceedings 
                  of the command and control research & technology symposium. 
                  monterey.

 










the company


the people


what we do


publications












 copyright 
        © 2000-2011 cognitive technologies, inc. 
questions? comments? contact webmaster@cog-tech.com



booksforboating.com, orkutscrap.org, davidwierzbicki.com, torrent search



