

fukui north america 










 


fukui north 
          america 




 


 nursery


 oysters


 mussels


 clams


 scallops


 packaging


 water 
          quality 


 multi-species marine 
          traps

 finfish


 netting 
          

golf netting


 fencing


 buoys/floaters


 other products


 used aquaculture 
          & processing machinery 

 consulting


 technical articles


 polyculture



 distributors


 shellfish recipes


 fukui's monthly news 
          letter 
topics touching on all aspects of the aquaculture 
          industry 





last modified
         august, 2013
 please contact
         the webmaster with comments on and suggestions for our web site.








 

a division of bishop aquatic technologies, inc.










fukui north america is one of two operating divisions of bishop 
				 aquatic technologies, inc. the second operating division is bishop 
				 aquatic technologies (bat) a group of consulting specialists, both divisions are focused on the advancement of the 
				 shellfish and finfish industries. 
				 fukui north america (fna) supplies technically advanced products 
				 from around the world from the shellfish and finfish aquaculture industries.
bishop aquatic technologies, consulting group specializes in site analysis and 
				 technology transfer, matching site specifics with product innovation for 
				 maximum benefit to the grower. our  
team of advisors are ready to assist with 
		 your aquaculture project or challenge.


advantages to you
experience: over the past 9 years we have traveled throughout 
				 the world observing several different husbandry methods. from this we 
				 have selected the technology that has proven successful in specific 
				 areas as well as learning from others.  we have and will continue to 
				 transfer the  technology to better suit the industry for more efficient 
				 and profitable production.
innovation: aquaculture is an industry that is forever 
				 changing and improving. we will continually provide you with new 
				 technology products and share this information with you to improve 
				 your overall success and profitability.
market involvement: we are involved in all aspects of 
				 aquaculture from larval collection, nursery systems, inter-tidal, 
				 shallow and deep-water grow-out systems to point of sale packaging 
				 materials for the end-user.
technical expertise: all our work is done in association with 
				 a team rich in biological and scientific insights. the focus is on 
				 commercialization and mechanization for maximum harvest yields and profitability.


company info
our service
bishop aquatic technologies (bat) - consulting group




we hope you enjoy visiting our site. we are currently 
				 adding new products and technology to assist with your efforts to be successful.





we accept visa/mastercard.equipment leasing available.











to receive a copy of our shellfish, aquaculture resource manual and equipment guide  click here







fukui
         north america

         523 island view drive
         golden lake, on  k0j 1x0
         canada
		 
 email:
don@bishopaquatic.com or call 613-639-3474         












 www  www.fukuina.com 







this site
internet
 
 as seen on tv


copyright © 1999-2019 fukui north
         america. all rights reserved.




