


















school of architecture | college of architecture, planning and landscape architecture

















      skip to main content
    

















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 






















 







directory




give




apply






visit




request information















 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


about

about capla
school of architecture
school of landscape architecture and planning
our facilities
capla futures council
capla leadership



academic programs

find the right program for you
undergraduate degrees & minors
graduate degrees
accelerated master's programs
graduate certificates
geneds & electives
the capla student experience



admissions

admissions overview
tours & information sessions
undergraduate admissions
cost & financial aid
ask student ambassadors
apply now



current students

advising
change your major
scholarships
international students
resources & information
student clubs & networks
internships & externships
study abroad
[about] journal



research & practice

research & practice overview
faculty research & creative scholarship
faculty areas of expertise
faculty publications & presentations
projects & other work
capla design/build
drachman institute
institute on place, wellbeing & performance
thought leadership
research initiatives and programs



alumni & giving

connect with capla
alumni
giving
capla west building renovation campaign



news & events

the studio - capla news
our awards
student, faculty & alumni profiles
capla job interview fair
capla lecture series
capla @ ua homecoming
convocation & commencement
all events


























home


about capla


          school of architecture
        













school of architecture










 






school of architecturepreparing students to address the grand challenges of today and tomorrow.

















about the school




news & events




academic programs




research & practice




our students




faculty & staff










 
the school of architecture at the university of arizona is devoted to professional education, innovative research and community service with a sensibility honed by the conditions of an extreme climate.vision: the school of architecture at the university of arizona has the following aspirations:we are designers, researchers, and innovators.we are scholars and practitioners.we are inclusive, interdisciplinary, collaborative and diverse.we foster agency, stewardship, responsibility and professionalism.we are adaptive and empathetic.we are engaged locally and globally.we use tactile learning and experimentation.we embrace a multi-method design approach.we offer interactive, immersive and engaged educational programs: bachelor of architecture, master of architecture and master of science in architecture, plus the undergraduate minor in architectural history and theory.

 




director's welcome
ryan e. smith, school of architecture director and professor of architecture



image
 




 
 read welcome message











 
our academic programs


 







bachelor of architecture




the highly ranked, naab-accredited five-year b.arch program prepares students for professional registration and practice in the field of architecture and design.
explore the b.arch









master of architecture




the naab-accredited, stem-designated m.arch, available in two- and three-year tracks, places an emphasis on critical practice and sustainable design honed by the poetics of place.
explore the m.arch









master of science in architecture




devoted to applied research on the built environment, the 18-month, stem-designated ms.arch allows students to move across and between concentration areas or form their own specialization.
explore the ms.arch






 





minor in architectural history and theory

the 18-unit undergraduate minor in architectural history and theory is designed for students who are interested in architectural history, theory and preservation as well as those who are studying to receive an advanced degree in art or architectural history.
explore the minor in architectural history and theory






 






capla design/build capla design/build involves students in hands-on, real-world projects they design and then build under the guidance of school of architecture faculty, centered around the belief that learning by doing is a powerful method of gaining knowledge.explore capla design/build













7top 10years in a row architecture students placein solar decathlon design challenge2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024ana astiazaran '22 b.arch wins 2021 asca/aiacote top ten for students awardfor sustainable design excellence






 
student work, awards & profiles


 








student work

architecture students create a wide variety of outstanding work in their time at capla. view individual galleries and narratives of work by bachelor of architecture, master of architecture and master of science in architecture students.
view student work










student awards

architecture students regularly win a variety of awards, both those offered through the school, such as the end-of-year design excellence awards, as well as esteemed regional, national and international awards. learn more about our award-winning students and their projects.
view student awards










student profiles

school of architecture students come from a rich diversity of backgrounds and experiences. view profiles of a few of our bachelor of architecture, master of architecture and master of science in architecture students.
meet architecture students






 

school news & headlines


 












image
 




teresa rosano named winner of the acsa distinguished professor award














image
 




capla, rancho feliz build a brighter future at the u.s.-mexico border














image
 




architecture + choreography: lecture by beth m weinstein














 
view all school of architecture news & headlines
 


 




design excellence showcaseat the end of each academic year, faculty nominate student work across all programs and years for design excellence awards, which are sponsored by aia southern arizona and judged by leading architects from around the world. view recent design excellence project nominations and winners and meet the judges:2023-20242022-20232021-20222020-20212019-2020









school events


 













5:30 – 7 p.m., feb. 21, 2025



"the search" | a lecture by daniel toole


join us in-person for the school of architecture lecture series, featuring architect daniel toole of daniel toole architecture.















12:30 – 1:20 p.m., feb. 27, 2025



 indigenous nations and the right to water: relationships, resources and futures | lecture by heather whiteman runs him


heather whiteman runs him is a citizen of the apsaalooke/crow nation. she is the director of the tribal justice clinic and associate clinical professor at university of arizona rogers college of law where she also teaches courses on tribal water rights, tribal courts, and tribal law.















5:30 – 7 p.m., march 3, 2025



"building in place" | lecture by lorcan o'herlihy, lorcan o'herlihy architects 


join us in-person for the school of architecture lecture series, featuring lorcan o'herlihy.














 
view all school of architecture events


 

faculty research & practice


 








faculty areas of expertise

the award-winning faculty of the school of architecture are leaders in their fields, with expertise in a broad range of topics, from building technologies to urban design, energy and water systems to biomimetics, market transformation to environmentally adaptive design and much more.
view faculty areas of expertise










architecture research

faculty within the school of architecture conduct a wide array of transformative research related to design and our built environments. from alternative building materials and energy systems to heritage conservation and wellness, learn more about our research.
explore architecture research










faculty professional work

many school of architecture faculty are award-winning architects and designers here in the sonoran desert and around the world. learn more about their work in galleries and narratives exploring individual projects.
view faculty professional work






 





architecture faculty profiles

the faculty of the school of architecture comprise a dynamic community, bringing their expertise to the built environment from across the country and around the world. in these detailed profiles, you'll learn about their teaching, research, practice and much more.
meet school of architecture faculty






 






materials lab  capla's state-of-the-art materials labs comprise 9,000 square feet dedicated to model-building and fabrication using metals, wood, concrete, ceramics, glass and plastics. equipment includes cnc tools, robotics, lasers, 3d printers and woodworking tools for digital and analog fabrication. explore the materials lab 







 
additional information


 





accreditation status and professional registration

the bachelor of architecture and master of architecture are accredited by the national architectural accrediting board and in order to become a registered architect in most u.s. states, one needs a professional architecture degree from a naab-accredited program, plus other requirements.
view accreditation resources and registration information







studio culture policy

the school of architecture fosters intellectual growth and a creative, collaborative and engaged studio/lab community. our studio culture policy affirms principles of design education and augments the uarizona student code of academic integrity.
view the studio culture policy







architecture alumni

alumni of the school of architecture in the college of architecture, planning and landscape architecture comprise a dynamic community, working in architecture and design as well as affiliated careers and industries.
meet school of architecture alumni






 





equity, diversity & inclusion at capla

capla's equity, diversity and inclusion (edi) initiatives are designed to create a welcoming environment, promote diverse perspectives, and ensure equitable opportunities for all members of the college community.
view edi initiatives 












contact us
for additional information about the school of architecture and our programs, please contact contact us.
connect with the school of architecture




































 




 




college of architecture, planning and landscape architecture
520-621-6751
1040 n. olive rd.
p.o. box 210075
tucson, az 85721-0075




capla building hours
8 a.m. - 5 p.m. m-f via catcard or appointment.
additional student access via catcard: 24/7










footer - main


emergency information


campus accessibility


feedback
















information for


prospective undergraduate students


prospective graduate students


those seeking a graduate certificate


current students (advising)


alumni


donors


those who want to connect with capla




programs


find the right program


bachelor of architecture


bachelor of landscape architecture


bs in sustainable built environments


master of architecture


ms architecture


master of landscape architecture


master of real estate development


ms urban planning


graduate certificates




resources


events calendar


visit and tour


capla commons intranet


uarizona covid-19 information


concerned about a student?


faculty and staff login




connect


facebook


x (twitter)


instagram


linkedin


youtube







we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














