



















pines of sarasota│senior living│rehabilitation│memory care






































































a legacy of compassionate care (941) 365-0250
child care
volunteer services
fabulous finds thrift shops
contact us












home
about us

corporate responsibility
board of directors
leadership
news & media


foundation
care specialties

rehabilitation services
outpatient therapy
long term care
activities
assisted living
memory care


education institute
careers

 






✕














 


providing rehabilitation services, skilled nursing, assisted living and memory care 
							a legacy of compassionate care 
							contact us today 
 


the hammocks memory care atrium 
							 


open and airy courtyards 
							 


longboat key dining room 
							 


do you want to helpus make a difference? join the team today! 
check out our opportunities below: 
							learn more 
do you want to helpus make a difference? join the team today! 
check out opportunities below:
 














what's new at pines of sarasota?
70 private suites with full baths
25 room specialty care unit
20 private memory care rooms with one-of-a-kind atrium
2 floors of state-of-the-art therapy gyms
beautifully landscaped courtyard for visiting and rejuvenating

what will always remain the same?
the mission of pines of sarasota, a not-for-profit organization, is to offer individuals a fulfilling life in a rehabilitation and senior care community that satisfies their health and lifestyle needs, all with the confidence of knowing they will always be secure, well-cared for, and welcomed.


care specialties

  we’ve earned an unequaled reputation for providing residents a meaningful quality of life while their families enjoy peace of mind knowing their loved one receives care that recognizes their needs, dignity and humanity.
learn more


rehabilitation services

our highly skilled and trained therapists offer both outpatient and short-term inpatient rehabilitation services for those facing the challenges of recovery or preventative therapy.
learn more


education institute

one of the fastest growing areas for job openings is that of nursing assistants. if you are looking for a rewarding career in the field of nursing, consider pines of sarasota's cna training program.
learn more


foundation

pines of sarasota foundation is dedicated to ensuring pines’ skilled nursing residents can stay in the place they call home, with the care they need, even when they outlive their financial resources.
learn more


fabulous finds

treasure chests of ever changing inventory, our two sarasota thrift shops are a perennial finalist in the sarasota herald tribune’s “best antique store category.”
learn more


employment
pines of sarasota is renowned for its compassionate care. that culture of caring begins with the diverse people who look after our residents, who think of them and treat them as members of their own family.learn more
 


our continued legacy of compassionate care
our vision is to continue to be the preeminent provider in the fields of rehabilitation, geriatric care, education and support. so it has been since we opened our doors in 1948, thanks to the recognition by the kiwanis club of sarasota of the need to open a nursing home for sarasota's elderly in poor health and with limited incomes. they raised funds to purchase property and opened two residence halls and a dining room there. today, the not-for-profit pines of sarasota resides on a 25-acre campus offering capacity for 243 residents, and over 300 employees. we are proud to continue serving our community and we are looking forward to another 75 years and more.

contact us today


our continued legacy of compassionate care

our vision is to continue to be the preeminent provider in the fields of rehabilitation, geriatric care, education and support. so it has been since we opened our doors in 1948, thanks to the recognition by the kiwanis club of sarasota of the need to open a nursing home for sarasota's elderly in poor health and with limited incomes. they raised funds to purchase property and opened two residence halls and a dining room there. today, the not-for-profit pines of sarasota resides on a 25-acre campus with 19 buildings, offering capacity for 243 residents, and over 400 employees. we are proud to continue serving our community and we are looking forward to another 70 years and more.


contact us today
pines of sarasota foundationpines of sarasota foundation is dedicated to supporting pines of sarasota—its present and its future—and all the residents in its care. the generosity of our philanthropic partners makes that possible.the mission fund is at the heart of what we do, caring for the most vulnerable among us when they need us the most. pines of sarasota is one of the largest providers in our area of care for seniors who are reliant on medicaid. these are our “mission fund” residents. while medicaid helps, it does not cover the entire cost of care, leaving pines foundation and our supporters to cover the difference.your support will help alleviate the cost—a financial shortfall of approximately $1 million or $7,500 per resident-and ensure these deserving seniors can remain in the place they call home.learn more
pines of sarasota foundation is registered with the state of florida. a copy of the official registration (ch4198) and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free (800-435-7352) within the state or at www.floridaconsumerhelp.com. registration does not imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by the state. donate today
for more information, contact pines of sarasota foundation president andrea stephens at astephens@pinesfoundation.org.
donate online
foundation - 941-955-6293























our mission the mission of pines of sarasota, a not-for-profit organization, is to offer individuals a fulfilling life in a rehabilitation and senior care community that satisfies their health and lifestyle needs, all with the confidence of knowing they will always be secure, well-cared for and welcomed.

contact us 1501 n. orange avenue
sarasota, florida 34236
(941) 365-0250


careers
 nursing home #snf1443095
assisted living facility #al7450
pines of sarasota nondiscrimination notice







                designed and maintained by eric srisavaththay - pines of sarasota 2023              













donate today




















