




ukhh.com – the home of uk hip hop
















































 



































 menu




watch
read
listen
contact




































 




































 

king latts - embrace
the latest single from king latts (prod...






 

kemastry talks on latest lp, music as therapy and taking action
prompted by the release a couple months...






 

cracker jon & fraser syme - call me cracker
our last ever noz collaboration... in celebration...






 

lizard flex & king bracket - funkenstein
new one just landed from folkestone's lizard...






 

cracker jon & fraser syme - slick rick ross
new visual we just dropped for 'slick...






 

ukhh.com: summer heaters 2024
we updated our ukhh.com: summer heaters playlist...






 

last nozstock festival boasts heavy line up (and reps hip hop as always)
it’s with a heavy heart that we...






 

rabspitz & vagrant real estate - fine by me ft vitamin g
this new banger just arrived on our...






 

round up 11: onoe capo-no country for old men-doza
welcome to the fortnightly roundup, an opportunity...






 

gilly mcr - simmer ft sleazy f baby
absolute heater we've just served up on...






 

round up 10 - bashyno 
there’s a lot of negative energy going...






 

round up 09 - mission imbazible: ghost pete-ocol
somewhat unsurprisingly another week has passed. in...






 

catsmoke - broken boots
new visual we just dropped on the...






 

round up 08: lab confidential
yes hip hoppers, we're back with another...






 

nobody - lab 79 (c. facts, manage, bxbarian, menace mendoza, c.o.n-vers & skirmish)
this dissfigured records x lab 79 link...






 

round up 007: you only leaf twice
welcome back to your weekly dose of...






 

iydk - the uk hip hop list
we just reloaded on our regular injection...






 

round up 06 - bloody murder on the ocean subtexpress
welcome back hoppers of hip. returning yet...






 

round up 05 - wun flyy'd over the cuckoo's nest
the fifth edition of our weekly round...






 

cracker jon & fraser syme - gospel
in the name of easter, we just...






 

“i’ve got so much to say… ‘where should i start’?” – ukhh sits down with jimmy from the 98s
street rap storyteller, and member of the...






 

round up 04 -the good, the blah & the bazaar
welcome back to the fourth of our...






 

round up 03 – latest and greatest
it has been another busy week in...






 

round up 02 - crouching leaf, hidden dad
yes hip hoppers and any uk happy...






 

wretched immortal - plagues
instrumental on this self produced number we...






 

round up 01 - the pilot
welcome to the first of our weekly...






 

gilly mcr - jetli
bringing that underground under-rated as per... get...






 

dr syntax & gotcha - the urge
check out the mad new music video...






 

11 uk hip hop tunes to punch your boss to...
most of the time when i punch...






 

skwidzilla & sleazykeyzy - swampstomp
newest on the channel, some sickening rap...






 

mrisi - ukhh bars (ahe - live take)
if you don't know mrisi check the...






 

bil next - ukhh bars
quick masterclass in bars from bil next...











 








































































