






	usta leagues














































tennislink could not complete this action due to invalid form token.
you may have cleared your browser cookies or been staying on this page for a too long time, which could have resulted in the missing or expiry of your current form token.
a new form token has been reissued. please refesh the current page and try your action again.

















































menu




usta league

leagues home
register with a team #
find & sign up for a league
record a score
stats & standings
ntrp rating search



tournaments


junior team tennis


usta flex leagues


my tennis









home >
                        tennislink
                            >
                        usta league  



















create a usta account
login to your usta account






                            start playing



                                have a team number?
                            
                               
                                if you already have a team number, you can register with it.
                            
                               
                                if you already have a team number, you can register with it.
                            








                                seeking a team? 
                            
                                
                                we are so excited that you want to find a place to play with usta! the next step is to create an account and self-rate (both easy and free), or login to allow us to provide perfect matches for you!
                            




                                
                                click below to learn more about usta league.
                            

about usta league










stats and standings

enter player name, usta account, team # or match #



league advanced search
championship advanced search

need to enter or confirm scores?















                                find ntrp rating info

                                enter usta account, team # or player name





advanced search
facility search

what level am i?











                            usta league info…

about usta league

usta league faq

usta league tennis rules

about ntrp ratings
national championships

local league coordinators

about auto-appeals

browse leagues









                    usta league

                    love team play? usta league is the country’s largest recreational tennis league with more than 300,000 players nationwide competing on teams while meeting new 
                    people and getting physically active. 

                    match play is based on the ntrp rating system so you will play with and against players of a similar abilities.  whether new to the game or a former player, there’s a 
                    spot for you! usta leagues also offer you and your teammates a chance to advance from local play to usta national league championships.

                    get started today!
















player must have a usta account and be logged in to self-rate.


    
                            
                        











learn more



                want to find more tennis?
            






                want to find more tennis?
            






                want to find more tennis?
            






                want to find more tennis?
            





























code 1.25.013.8337



      











