 










home - thompson emergency































for customers









track & trace






for partner carriers









partner standards






for drivers









recruiting








    contact us

    

    login

     
























close panel











                                                for customers
                                                










    track & trace








                                                for partner carriers
                                                










    partner standards








                                                for drivers
                                                










    recruiting








    contact us


    login






















listen











                        customers trust thompson
                    

                        for 40 years, shippers have trusted thompson to provide award-winning, time-critical ground-air
                        transportation. our operations team acts as your personal 'control tower,' responding to your
                        unique transportation needs. after quickly assessing your specific shipping requirements, they
                        provide the quickest and most cost-effective solutions. we have the global capacity and in-house
                        expertise required to deliver on time and on budget, which earns the continued trust of our
                        customers.
                    











laura (ontario)

1 day ago




            dispatch had a driver on the road within a few minutes, he arrived exactly when i was told he would
                    and
                    the load was delivered on time (with 2 hours to spare). very happy with the service, thompson is a
                    great
                    company to work with.
        






alison (michigan)

5 months ago 




            great service. communication back and forth is exceptional. thank you!
        






andrea (ohio)

2 years ago 




            i have always had great experience with thompson. when there are delays we are notified, they are
                    always delivering when promised. the employees are amazing and always so helpful and pleasant to
                    work
                    with. keep up the good work.
        






todd (ontario)

4 years ago




            fast and efficient service, no wasted time getting the quotes out.
        






bruno (kentucky)

5 day ago




            our pick-up location changed at the last minute, then thompson and the driver responded quickly and
                    efficiently, re-directing the driver to the new pick-up location without issues. the freight was
                    picked
                    up and delivered ahead of schedule. there were some challenges
                    unloading due to the size and nature of the shipment, however the driver was patient and worked with
                    us
                    to quickly unload and carry on with our day. thank you for the exceptional service as always.
        






irene (alabama)

1 year ago




            thompson emergency is a company i can always depend on.
        






lynne (texas)

8 months ago




            wonderful service and on time delivery. even though we needed to change the pick-up time of this
                    shipment more than once, it was handled efficiently and dispatch (jamal) was so kind and
                    understanding.
        






marco (tennessee)

3 months ago




            we used the air charter service and were impressed how their air team kept our cargo moving through
                    the
                    night.
        






marlene (quebec)

1 day ago




            thompson emergency is a great company. i have dealt with them for many years.
        






carrie (indiana)

3 weeks ago




            amazing as always! can always count on thompson.
        






gisele (california)

1 week ago




            thompson emergency is always great to us. they are within the timeline given and delivery is always
                    on
                    time
                    or sooner than arranged. great services.
        

 





            thompson delivers time-sensitive cargo for major brands
        













































































































                by the numbers...
            


99.8%

                        of our customers feedback an excellent or good rating for
                        “cargo on time”.



99.4%

                        of our customers feedback an excellent or good rating for
                        “driver professional”.



99.7%

                        of our customers feedback an excellent or good rating for
                        "dispatch proficiency".



100%

                        of our drivers, are
                        fast approved.





                    based on >5,000 direct thompson customer surveys. received from 2018 to 2024.
                







                accredited by:
            


























                        core competencies
                    

                        we excel in the delivery of time-critical ground and air transportation services. our
                        specialized expertise includes;
                        precise scheduling, seamless border crossing, global reach, advanced technology, and
                        environmentally sustainable practices.
                    







time-critical
ground



                        largest canadian on-demand expedite fleet, means we cover more loads.
                    

                        only 100% fast approved expedite fleet, ensures hassle free border crossing.
                    



view details





 



time-critical
air



                        only iata approved ground & air expediter (offering global reach).
                    

                        best rates & cargo visibility with air carriers/couriers.
                    

                        all quotes include comprehensive air cargo insurance.
                    



view details





 



on-demand
logistics



                        largest on-demand global capacity, means the power to cover all your expedites.
                    

                        100% of partners vetted for; insurance, service standards & cargo tracking.
                    



view details





 






book a load... plant a
                            tree


                            thompson is proud to make a difference environmentally, for each load you book we... plant a
                            tree!
                        

                            to date, thompson has planted over 100,000 native species trees across north america.
                        

                            beyond receiving the best ground-air expedite service, our customers appreciate that
                            choosing thompson results in a new tree planted.
                        








view details


















do you want to drive for thompson? 

    apply as a driver

        


 





                        always here to support you
                    

                        we're committed to offering outstanding support. whether you have queries, require
                        shipment assistance, or wish to discuss logistics needs, our team is ready to assist you.
                    









    your name






    your phone






    your email






    your subject






    your message


    





fax only
            








    submit

     



 






 














talk to us live 24x7

                for immediate assistance, questions, or support, we're just a call away! we’re here to meet your
                logistics needs responsively, day or night.
            









                    +1-800-265-7332
                








                    operations@thompson-emergency.com
                















                            since 1985, thompson continues to set the standard in time-critical
                            ground and air transportation, across north america and the world.
                            trust thompson to deliver door-to-door, on-time and on-budget!
                        





























 




company


                                how thompsons works
                            

                                control tower
                            

                                by the numbers
                            



core competencies


                                time-critical ground
                            

                                time-critical air
                            

                                on-demand logistics
                            

                                plant a tree
                            



contact info








                                    278 patillo rd, tecumseh, on n8n 2l9, canada
                                








                                    +1-800-265-7332
                                








                                    operations@thompson-emergency.com
                                












terms & conditions
privacy policy



                        © thompson 2025 web design & hosting by jev marketing





