



















santa margarita water district, ca | official website









 















skip to main content























 












search







 
 
 


    doing business      customer care      your water      save water      about us  




 



  
 














value of water








news










 
 














pay bill










 
 
 






 












 














start/stop servicerequests to start and stop utility service.








rebatesfind out about rebate and related water wise resources.










 
 














board meetingsboard, committee, and other district meetings and agendas.








report an issuereport an issue to the district










 
 
 



 














latest happenings
 






  
 








news flash










meet eric smith – leading the team that keeps your water flowing 


eric smith has been with santa margarita water district for 26 years. starting as a customer service field representative, eric has worked in nearly every operational role, gaining a deep understanding of the systems that keep your water flowing.						read on...







director novak joins smwd board of directors 


margaret novak was elected to the santa margarita water district (smwd) board of directors in 2024 and represents division 5, which includes ladera ranch, rancho mission viejo, and a portion of san clemente.						read on...







leading with excellence in transparency & governance 


santa margarita water district has been awarded the district transparency certificate of excellence by the special district leadership foundation (sdlf), recognizing its commitment to accountability, open communication, and responsible governance.						read on...







a behind the scenes look at your water provider 


learn how water rates are determined. take a behind-the-scenes tour of santa margarita water district.						read on...







safeguarding a $3 billion water system 


with an average annual delivery of 10 billion gallons of drinking water, smwd plays a critical role in supporting the area's thriving communities.						read on...







drinking water plant receives $10m renovation 


sjc drinking water plant undergoes $10 million renovation upgrades that will double the capacity of water production.						read on...







strengthening wastewater management in oc 


smwd helped lead a recent reorganization of the south orange county wastewater authority (socwa), a joint powers authority.						read on...







celebrating 31 years of service 


each year, smwd recognizes its employees for their dedication and service.						read on...







smwd's new board is ready for 2025 


board members at the district's headquarters.						read on...







standing with los angeles during this challenging time 


smwd's water systems are fully operational						read on...







betty olson selected as board president 


laura freese selected as vice president						read on...







keep holidays stress-free with plumbing tips 


nothing ruins the holidays like backed-up plumbing. keep things flowing with these simple smwd plumbing tips: toss cooking grease in the trash, skip eggshells in disposals, and flush only toilet paper. enjoy a stress-free thanksgiving!						read on...







betty olson re-elected, frank ury retains seat on santa margarita water district board 


betsy olson and frank ury will continue to serve on the district board following the november 5, 2024 election. olson was re-elected, while ury, who ran unopposed, retains his seat, promising consistent leadership on key water management issues.						read on...







accomplishments report now available 


the fiscal year 2024 was full of accomplishments, progress, and impact.						read on...







goats to the rescue at smwd's upper chiquita reservoir 


discover how santa margarita water district is revolutionizing vegetation management at upper chiquita reservoir. by using goats instead of traditional mowers, we're cutting costs, boosting air quality, and enhancing soil health.						read on...







smwd celebrates a vibrant spring season 


spring at smwd was vibrant with a $53 million oso creek plant improvement project kickoff, a fun fix a leak week, and a star wars-themed water festival. earth day cleanup and our gardens with style tour connected the community with nature.						read on...







smwd selects robert grantham as new general manager 


grantham will begin on june 17, 2024. he is a seasoned public servant and water leader.						read on...







oc's largest recycled water reservoir nears capacity 


trampas canyon reservoir has reached an unprecedented 90% capacity, edging closer to full capacity for the first time since its construction was completed in the summer of 2020.						read on...







making every drop count: the story of our full reservoirs 


discover the untold story behind the santa margarita water district's brimming reservoirs. it's not just the rain we have to thank — join us as we reveal the innovative strategies turning every drop into a sustainable future.						read on...







smwd sweeps cwea awards with triple triumph 


our collections systems team shone in recent california water environment association awards, securing third place in the statewide collections system of the year competition after winning the region, and celebrating individual honors.						read on...







we will miss our friend, nick salb 


to know nick was to love nick.						read on...







wastewater leak in coto de caza 


untimely "trick"						read on...







employee spotlight: rainy & kenny 


a santa margarita water district love story nine years in the making						read on...







duckling rescue 


smwd crews rescue three ducklings from a storm drain.						read on...







smwd is a family affair for these father and son veterans 


water isn’t the only family business for the father and son. both also are military veterans: don served in the u.s. marines as a jet mechanic and josh in the u.s. army 75th ranger regiment as a radio operator, where he deployed to iraq and afghanistan.						read on...







employee spotlight 


ron johnson: a problem solver. last year, ron marked a quarter century working for santa margarita water district. the milestone nearly matches another significant achievement in his life—his sobriety.						read on...







orange county leaders join smwd to celebrate trampas canyon dam and reservoir dedication 


oc's largest recycled water reservoir receives its first drops of water.						read on...







in trampas canyon, a vision of the future captured with brush and paint 


dan ferons' latest painting illuminates the district’s historic infrastructure project, the trampas canyon dam and reservoir.						read on...







board approves lower tax rates 


customers in rancho santa margarita, las flores, ladera ranch, esencia, and sendero will see lower property tax bills for the coming year.						read on...







oc register: new trampas reservoir in south o.c. overcoming hurdles; public tours offered may 4 


long-term savings to be gleaned by reducing the need for imported water						read on...







tours of trampas canyon reservoir part of water festival 


san clemente times, by fred swegles						read on...







the big dig: trampas canyon reservoir to serve as south county's largest water project 


the 1.6 billion gallon recycled water reservoir will be the largest of its kind in orange county.						read on...







ready to respond in an emergency 


smwd's preparedness efforts include multifaceted plants, projects, tasks, trainings, and planning.						read on...







smwd's lake mission viejo advanced treated water facility receives award from green technology 


first lake in california to use advanced treated water for lake refill						read on...







santa margarita water district breaks ground on new recycled water reservoir 


the 1.6 billion gallon (5,000 af) reservoir will enhance water reliability and storage capacity in south orange county.						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  

  
 














upcoming events
 






  
 







calendar










thu, feb. 27  

virtual class: garden design workshop (offered mwd)



mon, may 26  

memorial day - district offices closed



thu, jul. 3  

day before independence day observed - district offices closed






view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 














social media
 






  
 
















 
 
 



  
 
 














san juan capistranolearn more








work being done in your neighborhoodlearn more








tourslearn more








classeslearn more








leak detectionlearn more








water qualitylearn more










 
 
 

























 



 










     





 
 
 



 














sign up for our newsletter
 






  
 















 
 


  
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







santa margarita water district proudly provides drinking water, recycled water and wastewater services to over 200,000 residents. customercare@smwd.com(949) 459-642026111 antonio pkwyrancho santa margarita, ca 92688
 






  
 









     





 
 



  
 







faqs








where does our water come from?


what are the district's water conservation "rules"?


who is the metropolitan water district?


how much does our water cost to import?








/faq.aspx




 
 






site links







site map



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









