







international society of bassists - welcome





























home »

contact us


about us »

board of directors
endowment
gary karr, founder
isb awards
make a donation
mission statement
president's corner
privacy statement


membership »

george vance online library
join / renew
luthier directory
members directory
members only
my account
rent-a-bass directory
teacher directory


resources »

al fisher scholarship grant
ambassadors community
bass world
basses for sale
body & bass
george vance online library
harmon lewis grant program
insurance
isb / gary karr rental library
isb next generation (nextgen)
isb young bassists (yb)
jane little scholarship
karr-koussevitsky bass
luthier scholarship
luthiers corner
hinton & duvivier bows
online journal of bass research
publications
scott lafaro bass & archives


directories »

bass club directory
isb business directory
luthier directory
members directory
rent-a-bass directory
teacher directory


news & events »

isb calendar
isb center stage
isb facebook page
student advisory council


convention »

isb 2025 convention
2025 registration
scholarshipsvolunteers


competitions »

composition competition
maker's competition
performance competitions
research competition


shop »

advertising
bass world back issues
basses for sale
isb / gary karr rental library
isb store
sell my bass







inspire, educate, connect






this site uses cookies to store information on your computer. some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. by using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. read our privacy statement to learn more.
x  agree & dismiss





about the international society of bassists

join now   
					make a donation

the isb was founded by the world-renowned virtuoso gary karr in 1967. with some 3,000 members in over 40 countries, the isb is an organization for those who teach, study, play, repair, build and enjoy the double bass. the isb is a forum for communication among bassists throughout the world and across a wide variety of musical styles. members receive our journal, bass world, three times per year and are the first to receive email communications regarding upcoming events, bass news, and more. every two years the isb holds an international convention and double bass competition, a composition contest, and now, a maker's competition. if you love the double bass, become a member of the international society of bassists today!

english    
					español    
					français   
					deutsch




from auditioning to playing in the section: the detroit experience
saturday, february 15, 2025 — the video has been posted.  click the button to watch.
watch now      learn more









isb 2025 convention

isb is headed to florida state university college of music in tallahassee, florida for the isb 2025 convention, taking place june 2-7, 2025.  make plans now to join us for all the performances, lectures, masterclasses, exhibits, and a week-long program for young bassists for ages 18 and under.
		


learn more


yb / nextgen 2025

are you 18 or under and looking for special opportunities for bassists who have not yet started college?  want to work with some of the world's leading performers and teachers at a convention designed just for you?  join us at the isb 2025 convention for masterclasses, a recital, a showcase, ensembles, technique classes, special workshops, and more!
learn more


isb ambassadors blog

international society of bassists ambassadors share information to inspire, educate, and connect double bass players, teachers, and makers from around the world.
		
		isb members and non-members alike are welcome! to learn more and / or sign up for updates, click the button below.
learn more



store / rental library

the isb online store has relaunched on the shopify platform, with a sharp new look and improved mobile functionality. browse through hundreds of products offered by isb members - music scores, methods, books, recordings and of course, the gary karr store.

learn more


president's corner

ahhh autumn! at least where i live in upstate new york near lake ontario, autumn has arrived, and with it the return to cycles of learning and growth. i often feel that autumn is back to basics time.  we are all excited to grow, to do new and different things . . . .
read now


membership

as an isb member, you are helping to build a worldwide double bass community that connects people, music and ideas every day, in new and often unexpected ways. member benefits include . . . 
read more



members login




email address:



password:
      


forgot your password?


bass world

members receive bass world magazine three times a year in the mail, as a digital flipbook, or both!
		
		read the latest issue of bass world, volume 47 number 1, featuring the history of the isb.
read now


make a donation

if you love the double bass and benefit from the many ways the isb brings the worldwide double bass community together, then we need your support!
donate now



directories

members can be listed in our teacher, luthier, or rent-a-bass directories. looking for an instructor? looking for a studio or shop that does repairs or sells instruments and accessories? traveling and need to rent a bass? search for teachers, luthiers, or basses to rent by name or location.
teachers  luthiers  rent-a-bass


bass insurance

isb members in good standing are eligible for a group rate on instrument insurance from anderson musical instrument insurance solutions, llc.
learn more


resource library

isb members may browse through 40+ years of publications and learn more about the double bass's history and future in the george vance online resource library.
learn more










menu:

home
about us
membership
resources
convention
competitions
shop
back to top ▲



contact:
14070 proton rd.suite 100dallas, texas 75244


972.233.9107 x204
mon - thurs: 9 am - 5 pm cstfri: 9 am - 4 pm cst


search the site
search the isb site
translate content

google translate can help you to translate content from this page.
what's new:
for more bass-focused news, stay connected with us via social media.











© 2010 - 2025 international society of bassists.  all rights reserved














