





running for kicks – athletic shoes, accessories, education and training








































 





skip to content













 shoes & geartrainingwalk & run groupsshoe-lutionsrace placeaboutcontactpurchase gift certificate 


search for:








 















home pagebetarfk2023-05-24t13:52:24-05:00 
at running for kicks…we are solely loyal to your feetthere’s nothing better than helping runners and walkers of all ages find the right fit. 
join usfollow usabout usshoes & gearlook good, feel goodwalk & run groupspush your limits“run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up.”
– dean karnazes
our promise to youwe’ll help you find your “sole mate”no matter your age, runner or walker, our time-tested, six-step fitting process matches you with your best shoe.
learn more 
motivating music playlistsrunningpace, speed, distancewalkingstride, course, exercisestretchingbreathe, reach, lengthenjoin our mailing list todayspecial offers and more delivered right to your inbox.

 









 your email (required)
 


×


proud to partner with:learn morelearn morevisit otflearn more     excellent       based on 222 reviews                       becki b  2023-05-20    came here instead of fleet feet on a whim, and i will now solely go to running for kicks going forward! i felt super comfortable upon entering the facility as i was approached and helped right away! the sales person was extremely knowledgeable and knew exactly what shoes would be best for my needs. they have a wide selection and we’re very patient with me choosing between my options. i will definitely be referring my patients here as well! thanks again, calista!             paul p  2023-05-07    the most thoroughly curated  shoe purchase i have ever experienced.  i tried on and walked in about ten pairs of shoes.  no rush.  no brand is pushed.  these experts want you to be happy.  good prices.  if you need running or walking shoes, this is your place.             joel huizenga  2023-04-23    so helpful and thorough in helping my daughter select shoes to attempt her first marathon. very encouraging, above and beyond.             kimberly muldrow  2023-04-23    they take there time and explain the kind of shoe i need for my foot. i really like that.             tee przygoda  2023-02-26    first time there...bought running shoes and a jacket.             rita mccune  2023-01-13    the staff always go out of their way to help fit the shoe's.  they measure your feet and allow you to walk around in the shoe's.  they have such a large selection of shoe's. the employees have knowledge of shoe's and a person's walking pattern which affects your shoe's "wear pattern"             billy storrs  2022-12-15    the best shoe store around. the owner is very generous with the local community as well. wonderful place             paul  2022-11-15    i love this place. what great customer service..... and to think i thought those days were gone.  i was educated by the sales person about what to look for in a running shoe.  (i was running my first 10k and wanted to wear the right shoes.) that makes a world of difference.  the shoes fit perfectly and were extremely comfortable; they are the most comfortable shoes i own. i highly recommend coming here even if you aren't a runner and just want a good pair of sneakers. i was also surprised when i went to the register,  expecting to pay a high price for a quality shoe and great service. my shoes were actually on sale 20% off. i ended up getting the cheaper than i expected. i will definitely be back and spread the word to others i know!             lori cutler  2022-10-09    i was referred to running for kicks by my podiatrist.  he stressed their customer service and their ability to find the right shoe.  wow, was he right, from the moment i walked in the door the customer service was exceptional.  the associate watched me walk and stand.  he brought out three pairs of shoes and had me try each one and walk outside the store a bit so i could get a good feel for the shoe and make the right choice.  the price was less than i expected.  very pleased and will return.             



 
 





 
we love everything running! at running for kicks you can be sure of one thing – we will find the right fit for you.










 

store hours: monday and thursday: 10am–7pm
tue, wed, fri, sat: 10am–6pm
sunday: 11am–5pm

 

store location: 7158 w. 127th street
palos heights, il 60463
call: 708-448-9200
email: info@runningforkicks.com

 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2012 -  | running for kicks | all rights
reserved | website development by barcelona creative group 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


 
































































































go to top




