











        world christian database | brill
    























about


updates


faq


contact


citations


access data


login


login









about the world christian database

    the world christian database provides comprehensive statistical information on global christianity, other world
    religions, and christian activities in all 237 countries. extensive data are available on thousands of christian
    denominations, ethnolinguistic people groups, cities, and provinces.





    the world christian database transforms current statistics on religion into a real-time analysis tool
    that takes just minutes to perform even detailed research. this comprehensive database brings together
    a fully updated and cohesive dataset on religion with a world-class database architecture. the result is
    a simple, yet powerful tool that enables users to customize reports and download data for in
    use in charts, tables, and graphs.












religions

                data on 18 categories of religion, including non-religious, by country, province, and people.
            










countries and regions

                data on all religions, christian activities, and trends.
            










denominations

                membership data, year begun, and rates of change.
            










cities & provinces

                population and religion data on all major cities & provinces.
            










peoples & languages

                detailed information covering religion, culture, and geography.
            










archive

                a repository of historical data, including a chronology of christianity from the 1st to 21st centuries.
            











information
brill.com
terms & conditions
privacy statement
accessibility statement
cookie settings


copyright © 2025
data: gina a. zurlo and todd m. johnson
platform: brill


world religion database

                    the world religion database complements the
                    wcd with detailed source material of religious affiliation including information from country
                    censuses, religious diversity, and religious freedom.
                










