


agmohio militaria for sale














agmohio





 
home
sales terms
contact agmohio
 
agmohio on ebay
spanish colonial uniform research project
bill's wants list -  updated!
show of shows and ovms information

 





¡rayadillo!

the spanish colonial uniform research project









ovms
the ohio valley military society

the nation's oldest militaria collector's club
sponsors of:
the show of shows
wilmington roberts centre show










michigan military
history shows
military collectables shows & gun shows







			 







militaria and items of historic interest.





"like agmohio: general line militaria on facebook"
...and receive update notifications...
click the "f"

*good news*
the updates are back!!!
click on the new items updates link below to see a growing selection of our latest finds.
welcome!
there are two great ways to shop at agmohio!  
*first, the  new items update page offers the most recent items just added to our stock.  you'll see the "good stuff" here first.  this section is updated regularly, but never on a sunday, with a selection of fresh merchandise.
*secondly, the  agmohio online showroom is where you can shop our regular stock for military collectibles from all nations and conflicts.  we are especially well known for our wwi us, imperial german and other nations selections.  click on the links below to begin browsing.
the new items page was last updated:
october 10, 2015







new items updates
the latest finds from shows, collections and old ladies' attics




the updates are back!
i am now trying to add new items on an at least once a week basis, at times even more often.  sometimes it is just a few items, sometimes it is a big haul, but the  new items updates are always worth checking out.  be sure to check in often as new items can be added throughout the day. 
the   new items page update is undergoing some changes to make it easier for you to use and for me to build.  my goal is to have more new updates several times a week.  items will remain on the new items page for about 30 days and can also be found in their appropriate sections of the online showroom.
attention!
we no longer accept direct credit card payment. you my still pay by credit card with paypal.







agmohio online showroom
good quality - wide selection - guaranteed originality




please take a few moments to review our sales terms
*in addition to shopping, please visit the links to our spanish colonial uniform research project and discover the uniforms, insignia and equipment of the 'other side' in the spanish american war of 1898.
*if you need information on the show of shows (only the best militaria collector's show ever!) or the ohio valley military society, we've got a link to that, too!







¡rayadillo!
the spanish colonial uniform research project












ohio valley military society
show of shows - wilmington roberts centre shows





associated links




michigan military history shows  
military collectables shows & gun shows




*additional links*
contact agmohio
sales terms
agmohio on ebay
bill's wants list
our email address: agmohio@sbcglobal.net  

remember... we buy militaria as well as sell it.  if you have items for sale, please contact us at   agmohio@sbcglobal.net . 
 

this website was designed, built, and is maintained by bill combs.










