












































uk fire alarm design software | fire3ddesign.com


































home (current)


zone charts


video


bs-5839


designs


pricing


blog


log in



 
 








#1 uk fire alarm design software
fire3d - fast, easy, bs-5839 driven fire alarm cad
try
                                for free
 
 




 
 
 
 



part support for


 


 


 



 
 
 





marking up compliant designs to bs5839 doesn't have to be so time
                        intensive

take back your time & freedom with fire3d
 
 
 
 





all your go to devices ready to use
pre-loaded with all major uk brands
use fire3d's preloaded devices or add your own preferred devices along with
                        your per-unit device costs for accurate design costs and quotes
 
 
























 
 
 

 
 
 
 





drag and drop zone charts
make a ready to print zone chart yourself in 10 minutes.



no need to wait for a designer, get a professional zone chart
                                    now



stop paying expensive design fees



stop using complicated design programmes



upload a floorplan or draw your own


tell me more
 
 



 
 
 
 
 





watch fire3d in action
check out a few of our awesome features
see the fire3d ai engine calculating coverage for point & beam detection,
                        sounders & mcps.


























"our estimators use fire3d because...
accurate fire alarm design takes a fraction of the time & costs are significantly reduced by saving on unnecessary
                        devices"
i ingall - director i3ec fire & security
 
 



we test your designs for you
millimeter perfect coverage checks
see in real time the total coverage of all devices across your design. fire3d
                        uses the structural features in your floorplan to identify any coverage gaps in your designs;
                        save hours of complex manual calculations and safeguard against over and under coverage.












detector spacing

we check the coverage of detectors and beams and show you any areas you've missed.
we check the building structure and how it is affecting your total coverage.
we check the effect of ac/hvac, obstructions, apexes & differing ceiling types, mounting
                                depths, heights and many more.
we check room types, locations and risk assement category to decide if detectors are
                                needed.










sounders & vads

we check ambient room noise, sounder decibels, sounder height and sound attenuation
                                through doors
we check for room specific requirments such as high noise level rooms and bedrooms
we check ambient light levels, daylight compensation, direct and indirect classifications
                                and obstructions to line of sight
we check mounting heights, light output shapes and open class en54 vad classifications
                            










mcp & zone search

we check all possible routes on foot in a building & calculate any areas over 45m from a
                                call point
we check all exits to ultimate safety, high risk rooms & storey exits for call points in
                                close proximity
we calculate all areas not visable after 60 meters of travel from any zone entry point
                            



 
 


...and many more bs5839 compliance tests
try for free



 
 






we create the documents
auto generated job documents
get quotes, specifications, design drawings, zone plans and excel device
                        takoffs with the click of the mouse.
 
 





system
                                designer


generate specifications


generate
                                drawings


generate
                                zone plans











 
 


system designer
user friendly design interface for fast and accurate designs. get started
                                            and produce a fully compliant design in a little as 15 minutes.



design full systems in as little as an 15
                                                    minutes



bs5839 compliant designs you can trust. protect
                                                    your buisiness and reputation.



no training needed. fire3d ensures all the fine
                                                    detail is covered and compliant.


learn
                                            more
 
 
 
 







 
 


auto generated install specifications
professional pdf fire3d specifications and device schedules to accompany
                                            fire3d engineering drawings.



clear descriptions of device locations with
                                                    references to drawing numbers and device numbers for easy cross
                                                    referencing on site



device specifics on a location by location basis
                                                    to ensure the correct equiptment is fitted in the correct place
                                                



helpful bs5839 extracts for installers to ensure
                                                    compliant design translates to compliant systems on handover


learn
                                            more
 
 
 
 







 
 


auto generated install drawings
professional pdf drawings are automatically produced by fire3ds algorithms
                                            based on the design specification.



professional engineering drawings produced at
                                                    the click of a button



pdf format drawings instantly available to
                                                    supply to install staff or contractors



clear and understandable drawings and legends.
                                                    devices referenced by number to the specification.


learn
                                            more
 
 
 
 







 
 


auto generated zone plans
professional pdf zone plans are automatically produced by fire3ds algorithms
                                            ready to be framed and mounted.



automatic professional zone plans that will
                                                    knock the socks off your competition



no further work required to produce saving you
                                                    time and money



pdfs generated automatically ready to print and
                                                    frame


learn
                                            more
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 





×



 
 

system designer

ai assisted design
it's very easy to start using fire3d. upload a pdf floorplan, mark out the rooms and let fire3d
                        calculate the required coverage to be bs5839 compliant.



user friendly interface to mark out floorplan and exits



on the fly detector coverage calculations for best placement



on the fly sounder and visual alert device coverage calculations
                            



mcp coverage calculations and required placement tests



zone search distance tests to comply with bs5839



intelligent risk assessment category aware coverage tests


try for
                        free
back
 
 
 
 





×



 
 

auto generated specifications

instant specifications
professional specifications automatically generated saving hours of work



auto generate full professional specifications



auto generate complete equipment scedules



numbered drawing to specification equipment references



clear & easy to understand language


try for
                        free
back
 
 
 
 





×



 
 

auto generated drawings

instant design drawings
professional drawings automatically generated saving hours of work



auto generate professional engineering drawings



all devices referenced back to equipment schedule



clear legend iconography for fast device referencing



compliance guarenteed



save £££ on expensive design fees



all drawings securly stored on the fire3d cloud


try for
                        free
back
 
 
 
 



×



 
 

auto generated zone plans

instant zone plans
professional zone plans automatically generated saving hours of work



multiple location 'you are here' zone plans automatically generated
                            



compliance guarenteed



save £££ on expensive design fees



all plans securly stored on the fire3d cloud


try for
                        free
back
 
 
 
 






produce winning quotes & estimates in a fraction of the time
say goodbye to missed opportunities because you don't have enough time. our fast design
                            turnaround means rapid quotes, rapid tenders and more time for business development &
                            growth.



supercharge profits and win more work



pitch 100% of invited quotes and tenders



we understand bs5839 regulations and meet their requirements
                                



we are cost effective and produce bs5839 compliant designs for a
                                    fraction of the normal cost


try for free
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
















 

nothing but great things to say about these
                                            drawings. they're clear and well referenced in the spec. 10 out of 10.
m brooks - project manager
 
 








 

we're glad we made the move away from autocad, the
                                            tools in fire3d are very handy and save no end of time.
s lang - designer
 
 





 

fire3d has been a great fit for us. the design
                                            team are happy and we're tendering for more work. well worth the investment.
                                        
k louis - director
 
 

 




 
 

 
 
 
 





pricing
choose the plan that fits your needs.
no contracts, no hassle, cancel anytime

get 30 day free
                            trial (no credit card)

 
 




monthly




annually(save 16%)







try it
£free





30 day free trial



trial all features



try for
                                    free







growing
£49.99/mo
£41.66/mo






5 floorplan uploads / month



1 user account



ai assisted system designer



specification creation tools



quote creation tools



zone plan designer



zone plan creation tools





try for
                                    free


 







unlimited
£99.99/mo
£83.33/mo






unlimited floorplan uploads



1 user + 2 collegue accounts



ai assisted system designer



specification creation tools



quote creation tools



zone plan designer



zone plan creation tools






enhanced support




feature requests



try for
                                    free


 


 
 
 
 































 
 
 
 
 







about fire3d
fast, easy, bs-5839 driven fire alarm cad

 


important links



industry standards bafe.com, fia.com



read our privacy policy, terms
                                            & conditions



 


contact




admin@fire3ddesign.com



www.fire3ddesign.com



 
 
 
 






copyright © 2025 fire3d
 
 
 
 














