













enterprise infrastructure services - information technology




















































skip to main content






























information technology





@rutgersit

visit rutgersit twitter


visit rutgersit facebook


visit rutgersit youtube








                    rutgers.edu







menu
            

locations

rutgers–camden it
rutgers–new brunswick it
rutgers–newark it
health sciences it


 
services

all services
getting started with it
it security
teach with technology


get help

support & hours
find answers
rutgers it help portal
report a security incident


about

about rutgers it
office of the cio
office of information technology
distributed it
policies
strategic priorities
contact us


i want to…

access docusign
buy a computer or other tech
contact the help desk
connect to wi-fi
create forms and surveys
download microsoft 365
find a computing lab
get adobe creative cloud
get a grammarly account
get software
manage my netid
print on campus
report a security incident
reset my netid password
secure my technology
set up two-step login with duo
teach with technology
view tech guides


log in to…

box file storage
canvas
qualtrics survey tool
linkedin learning
rutgers connect
myrutgers portal
scarletmail
university software portal
virtual computer labs
webex
zoom


it community

committees and working groups
it annual review
it communications resources
it community hub
it email lists
it leadership council
policies
slack for rutgers it
strategic priorities


 



alerts 0




 search
open search input






















rutgers it / about rutgers it / office of information technology / enterprise infrastructure services 










enterprise infrastructure
enterprise infrastructure (ei) offers a wide range of it expertise and services to operate and support the university’s central network and compute infrastructures. the mission of the enterprise infrastructure division is to architect, build, operate, and enhance infrastructure in support of academic, research, clinical, and administrative functions of rutgers university.







submit an enterprise infrastructure service request or report an incident.



get support







about our organization, services, and units







construction management services
design, installation, and management of the the university telecommunication inside plant (isp) cable plant.    







data center services
enterprise infrastructure operates and  maintains central data center services in several locations on and off campus.







dns and dhcp services
enterprise infrastructure provides central domain name services (dns) and dynamic host configuration protocol (dhcp).









eduroam
eduroam is a free and secure wireless network available to the rutgers community when visiting participating universities.







enterprise platform security
backend information security services for perimeters, data centers, and organizational units throughout the university.







network access control (nac)
services include access control policy resources and prime network administrator access information.









network operations and architecture (noa) services
noa services include network infrastructure planning and operations, as well as network administrator resources.







network operations center
see more about network operations and architecture services, including data/wireless/media and infrastructure operations.







outside plant and documentation services
view related services such as info on the university’s telecommunication distribution system.









project management office (pmo)
it project management services that are offered through the project management office.







resnet
the wired network provides residence hall students with high-speed ethernet connections.







ruwireless
ruwireless secure is the secure wireless network available to the rutgers community throughout the university.









telepresence
learn more about video conferencing equipment and systems simulating an environment where all participants are together in the same room.







television content services
oit provides internet protocol television (iptv) streaming service via wireless for eligible departments and units.







virtual infrastructure
the virtual infrastructure hosting environment is available for all it departments and the rutgers community.









virtual private networking (vpn)
vpn provides connectivity that allows remote computers to behave as though they were directly attached to the campus network infrastructure.







voice services
voice services assists users with the support of voip telephones, voicemail, analog services, and audio conferencing.







webex
webex is an easy-to-use web conferencing tool enabling collaboration through online meetings and video conferencing.









zoom
zoom is a web conferencing tool with a combination of video, voice, content sharing, and chat functions.











enterprise infrastructure executive leadership









william lansbury
vice president, office of information technology
bill lansbury leads the enterprise infrastructure division, providing university-wide infrastructure services for the office of information technology and partners within rutgers it. responsibilities include the enterprise network, voice, video, cable-plants, data centers, servers, storage, and cloud computing in support of teaching, research, healthcare, and administration. bill held various technical and leadership roles with the university of medicine and dentistry of new jersey (umdnj) prior to its merger with rutgers.
email william lansbury



 











follow @rutgersit on social















feedback submit your comments, suggestions, and other feedback about it at rutgers.

locations rutgers–camden it
rutgers–new brunswick it
rutgers–newark it
health sciences it

 

explore rutgers universitywide
rutgers university—new brunswick
rutgers university—newark
rutgers university—camden
rutgers health
search rutgers


 


rutgers it news


scientists harness ai to help protect whales
february 12, 2025


survey highlights an emerging divide over ai in the u.s.
february 12, 2025


search safely online: avoid seo poisoning traps
february 10, 2025


student job seekers: beware of sophisticated scammers
february 6, 2025


rutgers online learning conference is open for registration
february 4, 2025


 





          rutgers is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are
          encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with
          rutgers websites to
          accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier /
            provide feedback form.
        

copyright ©2024, rutgers,
            the state university of new jersey. all rights reserved.
            contact webmaster. view privacy statement.

        
























