











quay restaurant sydney














































































home
about
menu
reservations
events
weddings
news
gift shop
careers
contact
sustainability
make a reservation 


 



make a quay reservation


 











 




menu
a progression of rare and beautiful ingredients where texture, flavour and harmony is paramount. delve into the quay dining experience with peter gilmore’s menu and a thoughtfully curated wine list.
read more
















peter gilmore
peter’s appreciation of nature’s diversity and his endless experimentation in the kitchen and garden are the driving forces in his cooking. peter leads the quay team with a focus on excellence, innovation and hospitality.
read more
















events
celebrate at one of australia’s most awarded restaurants, with panoramic views encompassing the sydney harbour bridge and sydney opera house. from intimate dinner parties in the private dining room, to long lunches in the spectacular upper tower, to large cocktail events in the green room – quay delivers an immersive dining experience with views like no other.
read more











 


8 january – 27 april 2025
desserts by quay
desserts by quay 8 january – 27 april 2025 as the warm summer evenings settle in sydney, what could be
 read more





 


art
troy emery’s ‘lupa’ sculpture on display at quay
troy emery’s ‘lupa’ sculpture on display at quay  quay is delighted to welcome troy emery’s sculpture lupa to the restaurant this season,
 read more





 


news
gourmet traveller restaurant awards 2024
“a seemingly immovable presence in the pantheon of australia’s great restaurants.” – gourmet traveller. we are so thrilled to once
 read more





 


awards
three glasses: australia’s wine list of the year awards 2024
three glasses: australia’s wine list of the year awards quay is honoured to have been awarded two titles at australia’s
 read more





 


awards
quay becomes australia’s top-rated restaurant
quay is honoured to have been named australia’s top-rated restaurant in june 2024 by good food, achieving a near-perfect score
 read more





  continue reading our news here 















keep up to date with quay
sign up to be the first to receive special news and event updates from quay.

                         


















sitemapabout
menu
news
peter gilmore
meet the team
virtual tour
reservation policy
privacy policy


social











location upper level,
overseas passenger terminal,
the rocks, sydney 2000
phone: 02 9251 5600

opening hours dinner
wednesday to sunday
reservations from 5.30pm to 8.45pm
 






reservations make a reservation
 
we acknowledge the traditional custodians of this land upon which quay sits, the gadigal of the eora nation. we recognise their continuing connection and unique cultural and spiritual relationship to the land, water and community. we pay our deepest respects to them and their culture, and to elders, past, present and emerging.
tel : 02 9251 5600









fink

beach byron bay
bennelong
firedoor
gildas
otto sydney
otto brisbane
quay
 

© quay restaurant 2023. all rights reserved.





make a reservation


































gift vouchers

×






















