




	emeraldz ceramic shop - fine ceramic bisque










--------------------------------------please read before proceeding--------------------------our business is closed. the shopping cart button is disabled.................................................
                                                                                           




















emeraldz ceramics home


view catalog




                        search bisque:
                        

                         
                        



                            browse categories:





animals



chess sets



containers



dona's noggins



dona's seasons



ethnic



fantasy



figurines



fountains



kitchen



lawn and garden



light scenes



masks



pins and magnets



religous



scent diffusers



seasonal



smiley's



special occasions



houses and villages



miscellaneous



vehicles



wall decor



bases and pedestals



accessories



technique sheets













welcome to 
emeraldz ceramics shop

welcome !

            if you are looking for a ceramic bisque supplier that can give you
            the best selection of pieces look no further!
            

            here at emeraldz ceramic shop, you will have the convenience of buying professionally
            cleaned bisque that fits the lifestyle of today's hobbyist, crafter or home decor
            remodeler.
            

            our inventory represents the most popular selling pieces from years past as well
            as the present, from housewares to keepsakes for every occasion.
            

            we are confident that you will find this site a very convenient way to choose from
            hundreds of pieces that are ready to paint in your own special way. we strive to
            meet your actual as well as your anticipated needs.
            

            our goal is to give you the best possible service.
        

about the shop...

            we are located in the great state of tennessee, just north of nashville! our little
            shop is run out of our home and we sell only over the internet. we do not sell the
            molds, only the fired product from them after pouring that is called "bisque".
        




there are two different ways to buy

            "bisque" are pieces that are unfinished and can be painted by you in your own special
            way! it's easy and fun to paint them yourself! great for kids and school projects!
            

            "finished" are glazed or stained by me, according to your wishes.
            

            due to limited space, most pieces are " made to order " and require time to be poured,
            dried, cleaned, fired and then painted if requested.
        




please note:

                    we only sell and ship within the continental united states.
                    
                    please do not ask me to ship elsewhere.







one last thing...

            please read our ordering information
              page to find out the fine details of it all !
            
happy browsing!






            counter started:
            february 27, 2011 - 00:30 am
            










view cart


subscribe to mailing list


view available glaze colors


ordering information


from slip to spectacular --  how it works


view other sites of interest





please sign
                                        
                                        my guest book ! 


















        please email us if you have any questions or concerns, we would love to hear
            from you!
            







