


death studios















find mask














home


masks


gallery


faqs


links


contact us













view cart






 






i keep forgetting to mention that there is a death studios collectors page on facebook. also, i recently joined instagram as jeffdeath1 . 







  




					  
					  i've finally bought the building that i've been operating death studios out of for the last 35 years. i'm setting up a much bigger, better shop on the first floor.    
it was built around 1915. it was black and white then, but was upgraded to "sepia tone" in 1917, then further upgraded to full color in 1950. i'm pretty sure everyone in this pic is long dead. ... i see dead people. 







  


    





					    
					  
					  jimbo cheese really enjoying being onstage with alice cooper. several years ago, death sister karen got me one of the best birthday presents, ever. very good seats to see alice cooper ( my third time seeing him). we brought him a goody basket of 4 or 5 death studios masks, which he used as props onstage. i made this screengrab from a filmed concert at a huge festival in germany a few years later. death sister karen rocks! so does the coop! 


  


  all of the masks ordered directly through this website are personally cast, trimmed, and airbrushed by the owner, jeff death. all of our products are satisfaction guarantied. if you do not like it for any reason you may return it for a full refund or credit (minus postage). ordering we do not charge your credit card until your item is ready to be shipped. when you submit the order form, you will get a confirmation page with confirmation number. our webpage has a flaw, so automatic emails are not sent.  if you get the  confirmation page, we did receive your order. if you submit the same order more than once, we will not send you multiple masks. foreign orders  we do ship anywhere in the world.  fill out and submit the order form, then we will calculate international shipping charges and email you for approval. larger heavier masks may be quite pricey to ship. if the shipping charges are to high for you, we will cancel the order. in stock section we started an in-stock section so that people could see which items are in stock for quickest shipping. if the mask that you want is not on the list, please order it and we will make one up for you asap. we make the masks here in our studio.      




  if you do have a question, it is fastest to call 219-362-4321 between 12a.m.and 6a.m. or 1p.m. and 7pm. i am in the studio at least 12 hours a day, 7 days a week. if you have emailed with a question, please forgive the lateness of the reply. i do not get time to get online very often.if a question is important, please call. there is a phone next to my airbrush so i can answer any and all questions while working.   thanks,   jeff death 








  










admin









