











jadtec - home





















































 










jadtec






 home contact us



800-474-3346   
















the jadtec difference 





testimonials 







alarm monitoring 


mobile device access 


camera systems 




















 
at jadtec, our approach is simple: we use cost-effective state-of-the-art technology to monitor systems in our central station and we pass the savings onto our customers.
protect today!









 









we make it easy to protect your family, home and business from burglary, fire and medical emergencies






alarm monitoring
of course, jadtec can monitor virtually all security equipment. if you already have a system, we can monitor it for less than what you currently pay. you simply pay a low one-time connection fee of $95.00 plus your low monthly monitoring rate. jadtec security services makes reliable alarm monitoring affordable, flexible, and convenient.
read more






mobile device access
jadtec offers the latest in intelligent home security and automation technology powered by alarm.com. with our solution, you can interact, control, and receive vital information from your security system via smart phone or web enabled computer. in addition, your security system communicates over the digital cellular network to our central monitoring station, eliminating the need for a traditional telephone line.
read more






camera systems
video monitoring and recording is one of the best ways to increase security for your home, business and employees. jadtec can design and install a surveillance system to meet your specific security needs. we can even install a system that will allow you to remotely view your home or business from a computer or smart phone.
read more






the jadtec difference

no long term contracts, month to month terms
low monthly rates
discounts available for 1 & 3 years
flexible payment options
locally owned & operated business
monitoring rate for life program
earn two months free monitoring for each referral

read more



 














protecting southern california homes & businesses since 1995
we install high-quality wireless and hard wired systems produced from industry leaders that will provide years of trouble-free protection. we provide the highest-quality products from a company that families have relied on from generation to generation for leading-edge technology. plus, we offer the extra attention, responsive service and expert installations that only a local company can provide.
protect today! 
























1520 w. yale avenueorange, ca 92867
 714.282.0828 office 800.474.3346 office
800 2-jadtec 24/7 monitoring ctr800.252.3832 24/7 monitoring ctr
sales@jadtec.com


request a quote





first name(*)
invalid first name



last name(*)
invalid last name



phone(*)
invalid phone number xxx-xxx-xxxx



property address
invalid property address



property city, state, zip
invalid city, state or zip



email(*)
invalid email address



additional notes about property
invalid property notes
















invalid input


















jadtec security services



 





