






sos web services | forward into the future
































home
about
services

web hosting
internet and email access
networking
apple mac
pc sales and support


contact
 


select page


  
 
 













webdevelopment – management – hosting – marketing – domains 








internet access every internet access product 








apple mac authorized apple reseller 








pc sales – support – servicing 








networking managed support solutions for any size network 










sos support news board





how to clear a pop mailbox using webmail
if your pop mailbox is full you can delete old mail via the webmail interface. download the how to document here
note if your mail program is leaving read mail on the server that will fill the mail box up. pop mailboxes are limited in size and all email needs to be saved or backed up from your pc as it is not kept on the server. you should set the days your mail client leaves the mail on the server accordingly and this document will help with the setting.

sos support : email problem : ensure correct server settings
please ensure that your pc email account server settings are not set as an ip address (41.222.34.204) as that ip will be removed and you will no longer receive email from that server. mail server settings need to be set as a name that is linked to your email address so for example:
 bob@sos.co.za will have both the incoming and outgoing servers set to mail.sos.co.za, likewise fred@sosdns.co.za will need to have the servers set to mail.sosdns.co.za and so on.
 please check and ensure that this is the case with your email settings to ensure you continue to receive email.

sos support : email problem : unable to send email but am receiving ok.
there is an understandable crackdown on mail sending via port 25 due to the proliferation of spam so if you experience this issue change your outgoing port from 25 to 587.
account settings > change > more settings > advanced : outgoing server (smtp): 587
(click on the image to enlarge)

 







web

domain name services, web development, website hosting, search engine optimisation, marketing

sos is a zacr accredited registrar, offering free transfer for any existing domain names to our servers. in addition we provide competitively priced turnkey, professional website development and hosting, seo, and social media services. all of our hosting servers are locally based, and our focus is on the requirements of our customers.







complete web site solutions

register your domain name
set your domain up on our server
design and develop the website to your requirements (websites are compatible with all screen sizes and mobile devices)
publish your website on our secure server
connect your website to social media
continue to host, maintain and update your website as needed










internet access and email

connecting you and your business to the internet

sos supplies internet connectivity via all current mediums for any home and business application. we are constantly researching and testing the latest products as they come to market to ensure we provide the right solution for your requirements and will only offer a product we know will do what you expect of it.







internet access:

fibre to the home (ftth)
business enterprise fibre (1:1, sla)
broadband fibre
airfibre
wireless access
lte
5g

email

ms office 365 mail accounts
pop3 local mailbox accounts
soskeep 365 backup and archive solutions









pc sales and support

sales, support, servicing and maintenance of pc equipment and software

sos has aligned itself with various major brands that meet our standards for quality, support and availability. we supply, install and provide ongoing support and maintenance to all our products on an ad-hoc or sla basis.








servers

linux servers
microsoft servers

computers 

windows based pc, laptops, netbooks and mobile devices
peripherals and accessories
printers

software

microsoft operating systems
microsoft office and office 365
microsoft authorised education reseller
adobe creative cloud
adobe educational software

antivirus

eset nod antivirus for personal and business applications








apple

sales and support of apple tech and software

sos is an authorized apple reseller. we supply all apple mac computing products and devices as well as provide on-site installation and support as required.







we love apple! the reason apple is so awesome? the brand shows fanatical attention to detail, and steve jobs nailed it when he said: “quality is more important than quantity. one home run is much better than two doubles.” “details matter, it’s worth waiting to get it right.” “be a yardstick of quality. some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected.” and our personal favorite: “i want to put a ding in the universe.”








networking

turnkey network solutions

sos will supply, install and configure network hardware for both cable and wireless networks.








networking 

managed support solutions for any size network
maintenance on a ad-hoc or sla basis
network cabling
wireless lan installations
byod

management 

it management consultants
network security
network optimisation and upgrades
it solutions




 










services
apple mac
domain name management
domain name registration
internet access and email
networking
pc sales and support
web hosting
 
 



about
about us
bee certification
contact us
privacy policy
terms and conditions



follow us
 









website & it’s stuff sorted by da man. | hosted and powered by sos web services



 













