










kern search | houston executive search firm



























































skip to content






























 




info@kern-search.com  




phone: 713.621.8010 









 



×
home
about
clients
candidates
expertise
jobs
blog
contact











 

















search that
makes sense 



every hiring obstacle deserves a carefully crafted solution. 









our candidates





our clients



























about kern search



we are a boutique firm, flexible and personal in our approach. every customized search we engage in is a process tailor-made to fit the unique specifications of that search, to deliver powerful professional connections.honesty and integrity matter to us because they matter to you. the companies we service and the candidates we represent can always expect their values and needs to be transparently represented. at kern search, the only acceptable outcomes are mutually beneficial to clients and candidates alike. 







learn more






















a reputation built by service



at kern search, we learn what your company needs to develop in a way that fits your professional mission.we give you the personalized level of attention you deserve. building teams that can carry you forward and keep you competitive is our specialty. every hiring obstacle is over come through transparent communication and an unwavering attention to detail. 







our expertise

















oil & gasextensive experience in the energy space.





accounting & financeprofessionals to drive your numbers forward.





ims/cyber securitytalent to sustain and secure your information systems.





human resourceshuman capital hiring, administration and training talent. 





















ourcandidates


 
we are your ally in finding the career path that fits you.



learn more


 
 











ourclients


 
we are your ally in finding the candidate that fits your hiring needs.



learn more


 
 









 


















































services


our clientsour candidatessearch jobs 













about us


about usblogcontact us 













contact us


info@kern-search.com 713.621.8010houston, texas 



















	connect with us










 2025 all rights reserved by kern search | designed by: recruiters websites









 











