





valley save a pet – “have a heart, their lives are in our hands."




































valley save a pet 















“have a heart, their lives are in our hands." 

 pet adoptions 


home
the board
fundraising
archive stories
pet care
programs

animal rescue & adoption
spay & neuter assistance
veterinary care assistance


volunteer form
membership / donations
animal rescue & adoptionvalley save-a-pet helps rehabilitate abandoned dogs and cats and places them in suitable, loving … read more...
calendar eventsresale shop – the purr-fect place: look for the flag outside our store. you can’t miss it. it’s the … read more...
spay & neuter assistancevalley save a pet’s spay/neuter program will continue to offer cat and dog spay/neuter at a … read more...
veterinary care assistancefinancial help is provided to owners who cannot afford the cost of emergency veterinary care for … read more...
valley save-a-pet has lost two dear friends
dear friend & volunteer extraordinaire carol keehn passed away on april 9, 2024.
carol keehn was devoted to helping the animals for over 30 years. she served as president, board member,  purr-fect place colleague, have-a-heart program and foster mom. carol was also chairperson for countless fundraisers.
carol will be missed by many and we will remember her dearly.  

dear friend arthur kaplansky passed away on april 3, 2024.  
art helped found valley save-a-pet with his beloved wife jackie 48 years ago. art served many years as treasurer and president leading and strengthening the vision and mission he and jackie had help create. he will be fondly remembered and missed.
if you would like to donate in their memory to vsap you can do so on our web, fb, paypal and/or mail p.o.box 39221,solon, ohio.

spring into kitten season

resale shop – the purr-fect place:
look for the flag outside our store. you can’t miss it. it’s the purr-fect place

our ongoing source of income is the purr-fect place, our resale store. the purr-fect place is located in the downtown historical part of bedford, at 715 broadway avenue. our resale store is stocked entirely by donations of new and used items including home décor, collectibles, seasonal goods, antiques, small kitchenware, and miscellaneous items. we do not take clothing or stuffed animals. the store is operated entirely by volunteers and all profits go to help the animals we rescue.
we accept donations monday through saturday from 11:30 am to 4:00 pm, please call 440-232-9124. the shop is closed on sunday.
the purr-fect place715 broadwaybedford, oh 44146
2024   |   valley save-a-pet   |   phone   |   website design by visible innovations

celebrating 48 years of caring

help the animals













donations are for the care and welfare of the animals. please donate via the above button or send your donation to:
help the animals
valley save-a-pet, inc.
po box 39221
solon, oh  44139
vsap is a 501c3 corporation, all donations are tax deductible as allowed by law.

contact us“like” us on

“join” us on


valley save-a-pet, inc.
po box 39221
solon, oh  44139
440-232-9124
if you have any questions or comments, please feel free to email us at vsapcats4u@yahoo.com

mission statementvalley save-a-pet (vsap) is a non-profit humane society established to alleviate the unnecessary suffering of all animals.
vsap shall subscribe to the principal that euthanasia will not be practiced unless it is medically indicated.

vsap is a strictly voluntary organization. no one is paid.
100% of the money donated to vsap goes to help the animals.


established in 1976

website design by visible innovations   |   copyright © 2025   |   valley save-a-pet   |   440-232-9124







