



floatershell.com













floatershell.com my little page about big 
      floaters.




if you want to see something similar to floaters on your screen simply 
      download and install the floaters simulator!


i hope the color of this page relaxes you. ;)








floaters toolbar


 
		    the floater toolbar gives you access to a lot of floater resources on the net.
		    the floater toolbar is completely free and it do not have advertisements nor spyware.
		    get it here.
          	  




flt's vision files


 you can see the simulations made by other floater 
            sufferers downloading these files.
            to use these files you will need the floaters simulator v2.0. feel 
            free to download it from this page.
            using the simulator “distribution tab” you will find the 
            "floaters editor" program. use this program to create your 
            own simulation. also if you want to share your floater simulation 
            please send me an email 
            and i'll be glad to put your flt file on the web site. note: the files 
            are zipped to save space.

            if you just want to see some screenshots, do a click here.

			  flt file list:
        	



steve.flt

 
              4kb dic-2004
        	



musti.flt

 
              3kb dic-2004
        	



yen.flt

 
              7kb dic-2003
        	



jerry.flt

 
              2kb dic-2003
        	



ramon.flt

 
			200kb dic-2003
        	





floaters webring



www.floaters.net 




www.eyefic.com 






www.geocities.com/ ms_polock/index.html 




www.mouches-volantes.de 




perso.wanadoo.fr/ viney.nancy/floaters/ 




home.iccas.com/ silverlance/sub25.htm 




www.vitreo.it 






www.miodesopsie.it/ 








www.eye-floaters.com/ 






www.geocities.com/eye_floaters 




http://sklivec.wz.cz 




www.corpsflottant.c.la 




moscascojoneras.blogspot.com 




how the human eye works




www.oneclearvision.org



 
		   do you want to be added in this webring list? 
            send me an email and i'll 
            be glad to put your url here. 






floaters moving. captured from floaters 1.1.



general links



jules stein eye institute 




dedicated to vision education and awareness 




eye exercises web page 




is 
            the water a possible cure for floaters? 




american academy of ophthalmology 




association for research in vision and ophthalmology 




diabetic retinopathy foundation 




national eye institute 




anatomy, physiology & pathology of the human eye 




handbook of ocular disease management 







diurnal photopsia.


floaters forums



www.floaters.net 






floatershell+



floatershell forum 




floatershell chat 






floaters petition



floaters petition 
			  please sign this petition to get a cure for floaters
        	






what are floaters?


 vitreous opacities (floaters) are small particles 
            suspended inside the human eye. in time the vitreous gel fluid becomes 
            more of a liquid as a result of the aging process causing these floaters 
            to become more and more numerous and visible. 
            as the eyes moves these floaters change their position inside the 
            eye causing strange visual displays which can be very annoying and 
            often produce severe psychological torment for the floater sufferer.




floaters seen during squinting. image 
            captured from floaters 2.0 


what causes floaters?


 the most frequent cause of floaters is a posterior 
            vitreous detachment (pvd) when the vitreous gel fluid that fills the 
            posterior area of the eye separates from the retina and/or back part 
            of the eye. a pvd can naturally occur with the age, but can also happen 
            long before if the person is myopic. floaters can also appear after 
            an eye trauma like a strong blow to the head such as getting hit from 
            a ball or in a vehicle accident, etc... 


floaters cure?


 the current cure for floaters is a surgery called 
            floater only vitrectomy (fov). this surgery consists of removing and 
            replacing the old “floater infested” vitreous gel fluid 
            from the interior part of the patient’s eyes and replacing it 
            with saline solution. this saline solution is then very rapidly replaced 
            by the bodies own “naturally occurring” aqueous fluid.
            i am somewhat afraid of this floater cure however because i do 
              not like injections! 




on the beach. image captured from 
            floaters 2.0 


future floaters cure?


 i haven’t heard of any floater sufferer 
            that has been able to eliminate their floaters by using any type of 
            medicine. diet does not seem to help too much either.
            medical science is making rapid advances in surgical technology, 
              however less aggressive and/or non-surgical methods to cure floaters 
              is lagging far behind.

            do you know of a non aggressive cure? if your answer is yes, then 
            please publish it in www.floaters.net/fworld.html, 
            hundreds of people will thank you for it. 


are you a new floater sufferer?


 have you have arrived at this page because you 
            have begun to see those annoying flies? 
            you probably do not have any serious vision problems; however you 
              should get a thorough eye exam from an ophthalmologist just to make 
              sure and to prevent any future complications.
            please read more about your floaters by visiting the "general 
              links" and "floaters webring" sections.



floaters and photopsias. image captured 
            from floaters 2.0 


why make a floaters simulator?


 we have much to thank eye doctors for because 
            these individuals are in the unique position to improve our lives 
            from terrible things like blindness! 
            after reading many forums on this subject i have regrettably come 
              to the conclusion that the medical community as a whole is not doing 
              everything it can to solve this insidious problem which affects 
              so many people around the world
            i believe there are two causes by which the medical community fails 
              to give the emphasis due the floater problem:


first the appearance of floaters is mostly 
            associated with age and is therefore usually a part of the natural 
            aging process. while this is generally true, i 
            have read many forums that floaters torment to many people who are 
            less than 20 years of age, please take a look at www.floaters.net/fworld.html 
            and read these forums for more information for yourself.
 second in most cases floaters 
            are very small particles that remain invisible for an ophthalmologist 
            to see. while the ophthalmologist has great 
            difficulty in seeing these floaters the individual can see their floaters 
            as big as a mountain or as big as a building.  unfortunately, 
            it is also very difficult for an ophthalmologist, who does not suffer 
            from floaters, to really understand and/or appreciate the annoyance 
            that floaters can become in our lives.

 this floater simulator program is my attempt to allow you 
            to graphically visualize your floaters in a very real way by giving 
            you the ability to display your floaters so that everyone will be 
            able to understand and appreciate exactly what you are seeing.









downloads



            you can also download the floaters-v21.zip file from www.eyefic.com. 
          





floaters v2.1


 revised: 09-dic-2004
  		     released: 2-dic-2003
             download file: 
floaters-v21.zip (1.5mb)
            this new version works with directx and was tested in win xp and win2000. 
            it should work in all other windows os also. 




one floater with a -4 diopters background. 
            image captured from floaters 2.0






floaters v1.2


 
			 released: 11-aug-2002
             download file: no longer supported.
            floaters-v12.zip (951kb)

            this version will not run under win95. you will need win98, win2000, 
            winnt or winxp due to the new transparency feature. floaters.exe uses 
            the alphablend function that is not available in win95 :( 




nice sunset. 
            image captured from floaters 1.2






floaters v1.1


 released: 6-aug-2002
             download file: no longer supported
            floaters-v11.zip (1.5mb)
            this version will not run under win95. you will need win98, win2000, 
            winnt,or winxp due to the new transparency feature. floaters.exe uses 
            the alphablend function that is not available in win95 :(

            there are two changes from version 1.0 to 1.1: 
  
                the size of floaters groups can be up to 500. thanks to simon 
                foster who helped me to orient this aspect of the simulator.
  
                note: floaters can also appear semi-transparent. 




string floaters looking at the sky. 
            image captured from floaters 1.1




driving the city. 
            image captured from floaters 1.1 





floaters v1.0


 released: 1-jul-2002
             download file: no longer supported.
            floaters.zip (1.5mb)
            this is the 1st version of the floater simulator. this program will 
            run on any win 32 os.




no transparent floater. 
            image captured from floaters 1.0 







 for any comment or question feel free to contact me at ramon@floatershell.com
      thanks to dan fox for his help translating this site to true english :) 
 this site, all its contents, images, texts and the floaters simulator software is copyright 2003,2004 floatershell.com, all rights reserved.








