













home - falcon holdings
























































home
our concepts

falcon holdings management
ak real estate
quick service restaurants
k & w cafeteria
piccadilly cafeteria


about us
contact us
 



employee login



✕






















empowering people
enhancing business
enriching communities

















 piccadilly



 ak real estate


  falcon holdings management


  qsr concepts



 k & w

management business


falcon holdings managementfalcon holdings management specializes in revitalizing struggling businesses by providing management services tailored specifically to the needs of your business.read more
ak real estatewe provide a variety of services through specialized teams to enhance your business efficiently. whether you are just beginning with our comprehensive construction services or utilizing our team's ...read more

quick service restaurants 




cafeteria style restaurants


piccadillysince opening our doors in 1944 we have unwaveringly upheld the mission and core values that define us, passionately delivering freshly prepared southern comfort food.read more
k & wk&w cafeterias is more than just a restaurant chain; it's a story of passion, tradition, and resilience that spans over eight decades, treating customers like family and food is always made from scratch. read more

mission statment


at falcon holdings, our mission is to excel in multiple sectors while prioritizing people and communities. we operate a diverse network of quick-service and cafeteria-style restaurants across several states in the united states, employing thousands of team members, with a focus on creating opportunities for minority groups. our 'people first' philosophy is the cornerstone of our operations. we are dedicated to nurturing talent by providing comprehensive training, state-of-the-art tools, and a supportive environment that fosters growth and innovation. beyond food service, we extend our commitment to excellence through our back office management and real estate management divisions. in these areas, we strive to deliver exceptional, client-focused services that streamline operations and maximize value.contact us
meet our team & about us

aslam khanchairman
jill filipiakcfo
mahmood ahmedchief strategy officer
abraham khanvp real estate
all team members
meet our teamat falcon holdings, our greatest asset is our team of dedicated professionals who drive our vision forward. each member brings a unique set of skills, experiences, and perspectives, contributing to our collective success. get to know the individuals behind our innovative solutions and exceptional service. we are proud to introduce the passionate and talented team that makes falcon holdings a leader in industry.see all teamabout usfalcon holdings is a comprehensive consulting group that prioritizes our "people first" philosophy. we believe that the growth of each team member directly contributes to the overall success of the business by fostering an environment of continuous learning and development, we ensure that our team members and businesses are equipped with the latest skills and knowledge to thrive in today's dynamic market. our diverse team brings together a wealth of experience and perspectives, enabling us to tackle complex challenges with innovative solutions.read more
news and events

aslam khan at inaugurations of bridge in pakistan
aslam khan visits habib university karachi
aslam khan franchise ascension initiative
aslam khan southlake’s millionaire
khan is funding a better future in pakistan
tgi fridays names aslam khan as a  ceo
contact us

we would love to hear from you

 































our office500 e. state highway 114 ,southlake, tx 76092,united statesmonday - friday: 09:00 am - 05:00 pm
+1 (817)-693-5151info@falconholdings.com




















employee login



























