

















center for continuing education in rehabilitation | ccer
































skip to main content








ccer


center for continuing education in rehabilitation


university of washington




				promoting access and inclusion for people with disabilities through education, collaboration, and connection to resources.
			  


 


main menu
homeconsultationfor businessesfor rehabilitation professionalsconference coordination and managementcontinuing educationpartners & projectscanarleadership instituteregion x vr coalitionwashington vr institutecompleted projectsresourcesabout usstaffhistorycontact usadii centerrequest an accessibility surveyrequest event-trainingrequest consultation


search form

search 






 














center for continuing education in rehabilitation






about ccer
ccer offers a wide range of face-to-face workshops, online webinars, training, and consulting to individuals and organizations interested in employment, access, and inclusion for people with disabilities. 
our expert staff can help break down complex topics to diverse audiences. we create dynamic learning experiences to maximize your time and resources.

ongoing events

improving accessibility for and inclusion of all abilities
dh in partnership with ccer | adii presents "improving accessibility for and inclusion of all abilities."  this webinar is part of a grant awarded by the washington state department of health to improve access to covid-19 resources and information.

king county coronavirus relief grant 2020
in this ongoing project our goals are to increase information sharing on public health issues by providing accessibility reviews and consultations with community organizations

upcoming events


there are no upcoming events currently. please check later.
 

 

 

 

 









center for continuing education in rehabilitation


university of washington


department of rehabilitation medicine
6912 220th street sw suite 105
			mountlake terrace, wa 98043


office hours: monday – friday: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
telephone: 888.377.0100 | 425.774.4446
facebook page


 


sign up for our email list

 


 
 






