







edward fudge ministries - joyously drawing water from the springs of salvation isaiah 12:2-3


















































home
gracemail ministry

what is gracemail?
latest gracemail
frequently asked questions
gracemail category index


written ministry

articles
special bible studies
books
online books
worship resources
interviews


videos
about

the personal pages

photo albums


my professional life


contact
edward fudge ministriesjoyously drawing water from the springs of salvation isaiah 12:2-3you are here: home / homegracemail november 26th, 2017dear gracemail family,
it is with a heart of profound sadness and triumphant hope that i write to inform you that our precious edward has been released from his mortal body and rests in the sheltering arms of his lord and savior jesus christ, whom he loved and served all his life. saturday morning, november 25, 2017, god granted him the gift of an easy passing with his loved ones beside him.  read more

 

the spanish version of the fire that consumes is now available as a flip book (best read on a larger screen, and it takes a moment to load).read el fuego que consume now





for every good thing you receive here, 
give god all thanks and praise!
testimony to god’s faithfulness
millions of believers through the centuries have testified to god’s faithfulness, guidance and grace. sara faye and i are but one couple among those millions. i was born in a rural alabama clinic in 1944, the oldest grandson of african missionaries on my mother’s side and poor southern sharecroppers on my father’s. six weeks premature and unable to take nourishment, i faced certain death until …read more

 hell and mr. fudge
the human story behind edward’s work on the nature of hell is now the basis of an award-winning feature movie. “hell and mr. fudge,” starring mackenzie astin and keri lynn pratt. it is available as a  dvd. you can view the trailer below.



search


 search more than 1,200 gracemails by verse or word below:
enter a term in the search box and press enter. you can also further restrict the search to a sub-category by using the drop-down menu.


 


search:



gracemail


							all						

							books						

							church leaders						

							cults and non-christian religions						

							england						

							event						

							god's saving acts in jesus christ						

							hospital						

							israel						

							last things						

							local church life						

							miscellaneous						

							mortality						

							one true church						

							other topics of special interest						

							our response to god's salvation						

							person						

							seasons and days						

							supernatural works						

							the dark supernatural						

							this world we inhabit						

							trinity, father, son, holy spirit						

							vacation						





sign up to gracemail
click here, then fill in the blanks and click “subscribe.”
or send a completely blank email to:
join-edwardfudge@injesus.netatlantic.com


 gracemail

this christ-centered, bible-based internet column is published once or twice each week at no charge, for thousands of subscribers throughout the body of christ around the world. read more…


 written ministry

for 50 years, god has blessed readers through edward’s writings — including books, sermons, worship resources, articles, bible studies and reviews. many of these writings are available here at no charge. his seven current books can be ordered through links found with their descriptions. read more …


 speaking ministry

you can also enjoy edward’s video teaching right now.


home
site map
latest gracemail
written ministry
about
contact
copyright © 2025  edward fudge ministries  · kt websites · log in



