



bayside school services - home page















 









 





 important note -- this is our
                          last season!

after
                          these many years of providing the best in
                          testing for our homeschooling families and
                          friends, it seems to be time for us to spend
                          more time with the children and grands. please
                          know we appreciate all of you and what you've
                          allowed us to do -- help with the best tests
                          and reports we could produce. 

                          we plan to bring  this year's season to
                          an earlier end than in previous years, because
                          we never really stopped. we'll accept orders
                          until memorial day, with regular test weeks
                          starting may 6, 13 & 20. after that we'll
                          send the last week in may and any june weeks
                          as soon as materials become available. all
                          tests will need to be returned before the last
                          week in june in order for them to be scored.

                        as usual, we will score the tests in the order
                        they are received. you should allow at least our
                        8 week turnaround time, without "checking" to
                        see how yours are coming along because we're not
                        even responding to those requests this year. if
                          you have a date you need your results and it
                          is less than 8 weeks from the time we received
                          your return (check your usps tracking for that
                          date) you'll need to choose rapid response
                          scoring or use another test provider.

                          we plan to make this a smooth and successful
                          end to our 34 years of providing tests and
                          hope you will help us by carefully following
                          all of the instructions. 

thank you! thank you!! thank you!!! 

                        here we resume our usual scheduled program......

                        bayside school services offers you
                    the very best do-it-yourself standardized
                    achievement test experience
                      available all year long.
 
     as graduated
                    homeschooling parents and test providers for 34
                    years,  we know the importance of fair
                    prices, easy ordering, accurate order processing and
                    detailed reporting.
 
 in addition to
                    our low prices and great service, we have much
                    helpful information about homeschooling and testing.
                    follow the links at the left.
 
 if you're
                    ready to order, go to our easy-to-use, mobile and
                    tablet friendly site. click on the link below or
                    type bayside.ecwid.com into your browser
                    address bar:


bayside's






                                      shopping cart website


everyday low prices

$79-$54
                    per cat6 terranova2 cb+ grades k-12
 $68-$48 per cat6
                    terranova2 sv+ grades 2-4, 6-12 

   
$74-$49
                    per ctbs terranova1 cb+ grades 4-12

                        $63-$43 per ctbs terranova1 sv+
                    grades 4-12
while separate answer
                    sheets are used for all grades, your student in
                    grades k-3 can bubble the student book for an
                    additional $15.
                    you must transfer the student responses to the
                    separate answer sheet.

 usps











                      domestic postage to you costs $10 per
                      order (not per test). if you are in nc or va,  postage to
                    you  is free!
                  

                  in all cases you are responsible for the required
                  priority mail postage for test returns.

complete











                          battery plus or survey plus?


                  one of the most frequent questions we're asked is
                  "what is the difference in the test forms?" 

                  the complete battery plus is the more comprehensive
                  test. the survey plus is shorter, not easier. the
                  survey has fewer questions in the tests of reading,
                  language, math, science and social studies. the other
                  tests (reading vocabulary, language mechanics, math
                  computation and spelling) are the same in both test
                  forms. 

                  which test to choose? either will satisfy your state
                  requirement. while many homeschools use the complete
                  battery, the survey is often a wiser choice. it is
                  especially appropriate for students with attention
                  issues, and for teachers who want to spend the least
                  amount of time possible on testing. 

 
ready to order? click











                          ordering










                            information.
the nationally standardized
                    achievement test series we offer is the drc ctb
                    terranova. the newer cat/6 terranova 2nd edition,
                    published in 2000, with updated 2005 norms, is the
                    test of choice for the diy homeschool. 

we also offer the original 1996 ctbs
                    terranova 1st edition, for economy or repeat testing
                    situations.

bayside accurately scores all
                      of these tests, providing you with comprehensive
                      scoring reports that include national percentiles,
                      national stanines and grade equivalents. our new
                      scoring report default is an emailed pdf, but you
                      can choose the printed copy via standard mail
                      instead of the pdf for $8 additional.



                      note that nc dnpe now accepts electronic reports
                      for  "reporting by mail" homeschools so
                      printed reports are no longer needed.

order from bayside
                      and get these benefits!
do-it-yourself convenience
                    easy ordering, available all year
                    clear instructions make testing simple
 military, missionary &
                        expat families count on our 
                    33 years of experience supplying tests worldwide
domestic postage only $10,
                            free to nc and va
                    fair prices and accurate order processing
 timely











                            authorized scoring reports

 

questions or
                    problems with ordering or testing?
email orders@baysideschoolservices.com.
                  
please
                    note that email is more than
                    twice as efficient as voicemail!


   thank you for testing with bayside!
 
     bayside
                          school services
 137 clipper ct
                          / po box 250
                          kill devil hills nc 27948
 
orders@baysideschoolservices.com
   voice messaging 800-723-3057



 


 
 

 














 






