



the gsdca-wda home page













     



 













home


members only


member application and renewal


gsdca-wda board meetings


gsdca-wda
                hundegrams &
                the complete german shepherd dog magazine


breed survey


all events


event results

nass
nusc
national ipo and fh championship
combined qualification

club events




judges


programs


breed survey


congratulations! you have a new puppy


helper certification


apprentice judges


junior sports programs


herding


akc title recognition


b.h.o.t. - h.o.t. title


highest placing american bred


fh-club




services


tattoo and chip certification


dental notation


hip and elbow certification


gsdca-wda scorebook


rules manual purchase


dna


ipo dvds




rules and regulations


forms


volunteer


litter announcements


member clubs


forming a gsdca-wda member club


gsdca-wda regions/clubs by state


event guidelines 


trial 


breed show 


breed survey 




all club forms


secretary responsibilities


trial(tbd)


breed show(tbd)


breed survey 




tutorials


secretary(tbd)


chair(tbd)






photo gallery


the german shepherd dog standard 


contact gsdca-wda





gsdca-wda office:
office manager:
          gretchen weinzimer
gsdca-wda office
          po box 5021
          woodland hills, ca 91365

          phone - 747-900-6805
          fax - 626-608-5723

email – gsdca.wda@gmail.com




new member applicants april, 2017
the gsdca-wda office is still open. at this time the office is still processing hip and elbow certifications relating to the sv program. it can also issue tattoo and microchip certifications. please contact the office manager for information.

any questions or concerns may additionally be directed to dan yee or alethea caldwell munsinger.
about our organization
the german shepherd dog club of america-working dog association, inc. (gsdca-wda) is dedicated to the welfare and betterment of the german shepherd dog. the gsdca-wda is a corporation separate and apart from, but closely allied and associated with the german shepherd dog club of america, inc. (gsdca).

        through its relationship with the gsdca and their membership in the world union of german shepherd dog clubs (wusv), the gsdca-wda is able to offer internationally recognized events and programs to its instant payday lenders 24cashtoday.com and members.

local, regional and national trials and shows
qualification trials and shows for the selection of dog and handler teams to represent the united states internationally
training seminars
helper certification events
judges program
hgh herding program
internationally recognized breed surveys
member clubs throughout the country dedicated to training, showing and trialing

gsdca-wda offers an opportunity for you and your family to become involved in activities with your dog. any number of personal goals can be fulfilled from the development of your dog into a sound, well-rounded companion to international competition representing the united states.
 



current events and news


december 23, 2016 hundegram

august 22, 2016 hundegram

april 18, 2016 hundegram

november 20, 2015 hundegram from dan yee













gsdca-wda all rights reserved copyright © 2012-2014                













