


franciscan friars -franciscan friars































































































































who we are
spirituality
ministry & mission
justice, peace & integrity of creation
becoming a franciscan
communications
friars login
 






who we are
spirituality
ministry & mission
justice, peace & integrity of creation
becoming a franciscan
communications
friars login
 


















olympus digital camera
















welcome video






welcome to the franciscan friars of the holy spirit province
the franciscan friars of the province of the holy spirit welcome to our web presence. this site is in the process of conversation and renewal, which is a central tenet of our lives. we welcome you and hope that as this page grows, it provides you with useful information and inspiration.






latest news
important dates

















public new with no featured image










 


ministers general visit melbourne
michael perry ofm (minister general), gregory redoblado ofm (definitor general) and mike johnson ofm (visitator general) visited the friars at st paschal friary on thursday 25 february to saturday 27 february. the gathering included the slovenian community of friars. there was some time for the minister general to talk with the friars about fraternity and ministry  … read more 










 


world environment day
greetings from the jpic office rome!   18 june 2016 is the first anniversary of the encyclical, laudato si’. the encyclical pointed out the ecological crisis of our times and strongly suggested that we listen to the cries of the poor and our mother earth and response to it. when the encyclical was released believers  … read more 










 


feast of st anthony
st anthony came to join the franciscans in 1221 at 26 years of age, inspired by the death of five franciscan martyrs in north africa. his gift to the church was his extraordinary preaching. in franciscan churches, st anthony’s day is celebrated as a solemnity. the friars remeber the kidness and concern shown to them  … read more 










 


laudato si’ week in new zealand
at st therese parish, three kings on tuesday 14th june took part in the global catholic climate movement’s celebration of the anniversary of laudato si’. friar thobias harman talked about his work as part of the eco-pastoral team in flores, indonesia. the eco-pastoral project helps farmers improve on their traditional farming practices avoiding the cost and  … read more 
















franciscan friars live & work around the globe




australia





new zealand





custody of st. anthony









“…we are being called to be, once again, ministers of the joy of the gospel. we are being called to be ministers of the mercy of god…to the peripheries, to the margins, to those places where people need these gifts…”






 



contact details


australia

br matthew beckmann ofm

t: 02 9369 9300

e: provsec@franciscans.org.au
































© franciscan friars. province of the holy spirit | terms of use | site map | login 






























