









fine iron ∙ dedicated customer service & unparalleled attention to detail



































































 

















  










































home
staircases & balustrades
canopies, porches & verandas

metal door canopy designs

canopy projects & design ideas
new 3d canopy builder


metal porch designs

porch projects & design ideas
new 3d porch builder
columns
clearance offers


veranda designs

veranda projects & design ideas
new 3d veranda builder
columns


design options

roof options
finishing touches
faq




other services

bespoke interior & exterior ironwork
restoration & conservation
wrought iron gates & railings
cast iron gates & railings
design service


blog
testimonials
glossary
contact
 





select page


  
 
 










the home of architectural ironwork – our passion








fine iron
quality architectural ironwork, handmade to order by our craftsmen in the uk.
at fine iron we pride ourselves on our uncompromising quality, attention to detail and bespoke service. we consolidate our customers aspiration and combine our craft and professionalism to deliver something rare and defined.
make an entrance with fine iron- convert your vision into a reality.










contact our office team, we’ll deal with your enquiry directly and supply you with a quote.





 
we are a small family run business with a real drive to deliver the best to our customers. we pride ourselves on the quality and attention to detail in all of our work and believe it is this passion and our high standards that has meant customers returning to us over many years for all their ironwork requirements.
fine iron was founded in 1998 by our director lee whose blacksmithing career started as an apprentice working on kensington palace gates. his passion for the craftsmanship and detail in traditional ironwork and its restoration and conservation continue to inform fine iron’s approach.
drawing on traditional materials, practices and skills paired with the latest manufacturing technology to create contemporary, traditional and restorative metalwork for a wide variety of commercial and private clients in the uk and worldwide.













balustrade

fine iron works with a wide variety of materials including wrought iron, bronze, mild steel, brass, stainless steel and cast iron to produce traditional to contemporary designs – the only limit is your imagination!
we offer a complete service from concept and design to manufatcure and installation to make your vision a reality.





porches, verandas & canopies

in our porches, verandas and canopies section you can view ironwork produced from traditional and contemporary designs encompassing the skills of the traditional blacksmith and modern metalworking techniques.
we have a wide range of existing ironwork designs which can be used for porches, verandas and balconies. alternatively, we can work with you to create an entirely bespoke design.
metal door canopy designs
metal porch designs – porch canopy with columns
metal veranda designs














metal canopy, porch & veranda 3d designer











use our canopy, porch & veranda designer to turn your idea into 3d design or contact us and we design it for you. 







use 3d designer

contact us & we design for you













porch clearance offers
explore our metal porch special offers, with  discount of over 25%

clearance offers













bespoke ironwork design

at fine iron we specialise in bespoke ironwork and enjoy the creative nature of designing and manufacturing bespoke pieces, whether that be balustrades, porches, verandas, gates and railings, restoration and conservation of historical ironwork, or something altogether different! 
we will be on hand to work closely with you during the design process, taking a considered approach to ensure the end result will be visually stunning as well as practical and functional.
we are skilled in many traditional and modern manufacturing and finishing techniques and are comfortable working with a wide range of materials including cast iron, mild steel, stainless steel, bronze and brass enabling us to offer our customers a broad choice so that we can realise your vision.  we are also able to offer 3d visualisations with 360° navigation so the finished item can be viewed and explored prior to manufacture.





finishes

fine iron are proud to be able to offer a wide choice of finishes to our customers.  all of our ironwork is shot-blasted and checked prior to finishing to ensure a smooth surface with good, even adhesion. we are then ready to apply the chosen finish for your ironwork. a high quality three coat paint system available in most ral colours is applied as standard.  we also offer metallisation in a range of metal coatings, including zinc as an alternative to hot dip galvanising, and have a vast array of experience and options for patination.

















offering bespoke designwe use fine iron and a large variety of design options to make your ironwork
contact us now for a free quote

free quote







we believe in strong communication links from begining to end. we’ll keep you informed from contruction to completion.







home  staircases & balustrades canopies  porches  verandas   contact

homeporches verandas canopies staircases & balustrades contact





followfollowfollowfollow































history of iron & the british celts      about us      privacy statement      employment







terms and conditions
porches, verandas & canopies
terms and conditionscontract notes
balustrades and others
terms and conditionscontract notes



 

 







© all rights reserved | fineiron.co.uk | 2024

website by a good website 






pin it on pinterest
































share this





facebook





twitter





linkedin





pinterest





gmail





 


 



































by continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information acceptthe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. if you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "accept" below then you are consenting to this. for more information, please visist our privacy statement.close

