






travel agency, vacation and travel planner | galena, il | tri-state travel
















































































follow us x



 






follow us









 
!follow us
amenu



x


hometourssingle day toursmulti day toursguaranteed departures
qc plus 60 clubqc plus 60 club exclusive multi day toursqc plus 60 club single day toursqc plus 60 club multi day tours
group travelbank clubsstudent travelaccount loginpreformed groups
motorcoach servicesour equipmentconvention shuttlescorporate shuttlesuniversity travel
about uspolicies & proceduresgalleryreviews
covid-19covid resourcescovid liability release form
careerscontact
 





contact uscontact info xtri-state travel - headquarters officephone: (800) 779-4869fax: 815-777-8128






monday-friday 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
we’d love to hear from you then to talk about your travel planseffective march 1, 2023 all credit card payments will be assessed a 4% administrative fee








 



welcome to tri-state travel
celebrating more than 83 years of worry-free travel


request a quote now










since 1940, tri-state travel has been combining comfort and authenticity to bring you memorable travel experiences to the world's most desired destinations. the tri-state travel collection has expanded to include dozens of guaranteed departure trips, multi-day tours as well as our popular one-day trips departing from galena, il and the quad cities. we continue to provide the best charter bus services for groups, schools and universities. it is our commitment to service that reaffirms tri-state travel as the most trusted name in local and global travel today.








group travel







motorcoach services







tours







contact









charter bus trips and complete tour packages
tri-state travel offers one-day and multi-day bus trips, extended guarantee departure tours, charter bus services, and group travel packages. we serve schools, universities, bank clubs, athletic teams, corporate conventions, weddings and other large groups in the midwest.tri-state travel is a family owned business that began in 1940. the hillard family has maintained a tradition of excellence in everything we do. we consistently go above and beyond the call-of-duty to assure your travel experience will be unforgettable and enjoyable.our professional tour guides and operators provide unmatched expertise in planning and coordinating travel throughout north america, as well as through our partner organizations for worldwide travel.our current fleet of top-of-the-line motorcoaches consistently ranks among the best in north america. our fully escorted travel packages, for both individuals and groups, throughout illinois, iowa & wisconsin, set the standard in luxury motorcoach travel.













single day tours    |    multi-day tours    |    custom student travel    |    guaranteed departures










around the corner or around the world
our expertise extends well beyond luxury motorcoach travel and helps us create a memorable travel experience for you to exciting worldwide destinations.  contact our offices in galena il and davenport ia for more information about our tour packages and charter bus services. 800-779-4869







"love traveling with tri-state. great escorts, excellent drivers and lots of fun. we will see you again."- from northwest illinois travelers




"this was a great trip. we have been to chicago many times and still we saw things we had never done before."- from a dubuque, ia couple






fantastic tour. superb tour director & driver. trip planner scheduled a fabulous  trip.

dale r.



i work at the stephenson county farm bureau in freeport.  we have used tri-state travel's transportation services for at least two bus trips per year for almost 14 years.  our members have never been disappointed.  cindy and jack are both gems to work with!

marlie f.



we used a tri state trolley for transportation for our wedding party. they were professional and the trolley was great!

laura b.











due to the world situation and government policies in place, energy prices are escalating in every aspect of our economy. regrettably, tri state travel is advising our customers that fuel surcharges will be implemented on all tour programs until further notice.









click on the image below and check out our exclusive story in this month's issue of busline magazine!













springtime in washington, d.c.





chicago cubs vs milwaukee brewers at miller park





southern charms


































 





hometourssingle day toursmulti day toursguaranteed departures
qc plus 60 clubqc plus 60 club exclusive multi day toursqc plus 60 club single day toursqc plus 60 club multi day tours
group travelbank clubsstudent travelaccount loginpreformed groups
motorcoach servicesour equipmentconvention shuttlescorporate shuttlesuniversity travel
about uspolicies & proceduresgalleryreviews
covid-19covid resourcescovid liability release form
careerscontact


 






 




copyright © 2025 tri-state travel, all rights reserved.
4349 industrial park drive,  galena, il 61036  

                (800) 779-4869
            





 













