





















a rare jewel - historic charlotte, nc hotel | duke mansion























































 skip to main contentopen menuroomsweddingsmeetings & eventsabout
 duke mansion704-714-4400reservations main menuclose menu704-714-4400reservationshome rooms weddings meetings & events mary d.b.t. semans gardens  experiences upcoming events about gallery join our team contact    special is our specialty experience duke mansionpause slider duke mansion  duke mansion is a rare jewel nestled in the crown of the queen city, a splendid setting for corporate and civic gatherings, milestone celebrations and elegant overnight stays.  explore duke mansion view guest roomsrooms our 20 individually decorated guest rooms, some with shared sleeping porches, invite you to experience tranquility amid historic opulence. view guest roomsstart wedding planningweddings our 101-year-old property sets the stage for romantic weddings, offering stately settings and dedicated assistance in curating your dream day. start wedding planningstart event planningevents listed on the national register of historic places, duke mansion stands as a timeless venue to host everything from intimate meetings to grand events. start event planning the mary dbt semans gardens  to celebrate duke mansion’s 100th anniversary, we transformed our grounds and gardens into a place of peace and delight. come discover an urban oasis with 4 and 1/2 acres with historic trees, beautiful shrubs and flowers. explore gardens 4.5 acres  the gardens are free and open for strolling during daylight hours. come explore the seasonal blooms all year long.  nature’s splendor  discover quiet corners to unwind, observe bustling pollinators, and savor moments with a glass of wine or a good book. view roomsmemorable guestrooms duke mansion boasts a diverse array of guest rooms, each uniquely designed to offer an exclusive retreat with a blend of modern luxury and historical charm. view roomsexplore meetings & eventsremarkable spaces  duke mansion boasts unique and versatile spaces for meetings and events, blending historical elegance with modern amenities to create the perfect setting for any occasion. explore meetings & eventsdiscover our historyhistoric setting experience the timeless ambiance of duke mansion, where the enchanting gardens and the historic elegance of our early 20th-century estate create a backdrop of unparalleled beauty and rich history. discover our history enjoy a beautiful backdrop for your portraits. add a touch of magic to your special day. photography experience

   reservations duke mansion 400 hermitage road charlotte, nc 28207 telephone: 704-714-4400 email: frontdesk@dukemansion.org  social: duke mansion on facebookduke mansion on instagram website: home rooms weddings meetings & events experiences upcoming events about how to help mary d.b.t. semans gardens duke mansion in the news gallery join our team contact accessibility privacy policy sitemap  stay connected  sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date about the latest events and offers at duke mansion. sign up for our newsletter

reservationsback to topreservationswe use cookies on our website. by using this website you consent to our cookie policy. for more information read our privacy policy.accept 


           close share toggle fullscreen zoom            previous next      














































