 

equicar 4x4 - now dismantling late model 4wd and off-road vehicles!










 
















 
 


homepage
parts enquiry
current breakers
latest offers
our location
meet the team
about us
contact us
overseas customer info
terms & conditions

 




quick links: 









 
 
 
 


click here to view our current breakers!
equicar ltd premises is closed to the public - orders can be collected from the door / exterior provided they are paid in advance. in line with this, we do not accept cash payments.
call ahead to place your order on 01902 882883. 



 
equicar ltd.,
athena works,
meadow lane,
coseley,
wolverhampton
wv14 9nq
tel.: +44 (0)1902 882883 
email: sales@equicar.co.uk 


welcome to www.equicar.co.uk - we are a dedicated 4x4 and off-road dismantlers, specialising in late models. we are a fully licenced authorised treatment facility for end-of-life vehicles, and whilst most of our stock comes via insurance write-offs, we also purchase from private owners - so if you've a vehicle you'd like to scrap, contact us for a price!        
in the meantime, browse our site for an indication of the types of vehicles currently breaking - but remember we have thousands of parts stored under cover in our warehouse and ready to despatch. click here to submit your parts enquiry, or call us if you have a very specific or tricky requirement that you'd rather explain. our friendly and efficient sales staff will be happy to help, and our parts department can help on the technical side to identify the exact part you're looking for.  

 

mail order service 
uk  next day delivery available
30-day warranty on all parts
all prices subject to vat at 20%   
 

considering a purchase? click here to review our full terms & conditions 
information about vat charges or exemption 

  



proudly supporting the
county air ambulance trust
click the logo to join us in donating!

 

 
 

 
paypal accepted now on any order! 








 

registered in england no. 1685532







email: sales@equicar.co.uk




©copyright equicar ltd. 2022


terms & conditions 







v.a.t registered no. 369 8286 87






