

glenn ford: a life - index



















































this is the only web site fully sanctioned by
          the ford family. 


 book update may 1, 2013 in "publicity updates section"
may 1, 2013
peter and lynda have sold their home (formerly  glenn ford's home) in beverly hills and are moving to burbank, california  effective july 1st.  peter's book will continue to be available through  his web site and amazon.com. 
the university of wisconsin press has made an arrangement with audible.com for  the release of glenn ford: a life for the release of an audio version of  the book. it will be available later this year.

beginning  on october 8th peter and lynda will be in barcelona (spain), venice and rome (italy) for an extended stay.  we will return home at the end of  november.  

 
 to purchase a discounted copy of glenn  ford: a life from amazon.com, please click the "purchase the  book" link in the index above.  to receive a personally inscribed  soft cover of the book, if your delivery address is in the united states, you  may do so directly from the author by sending $30.00 by check or money  order.  

 please send your payment to: 
peter ford, 1169  east providencia avenue, burbank,  ca.  91501-1627. 

make sure to include to whom the book should be  inscribed and the address to which the book should be mailed. your order will  be filled promptly with insured media mail shipping - 5 - 7 days - within the  united states. 

              this special $30 offer is only for residents of the united states. for  deliveries to canada ($45.00), australia, europe, south america,  and asia  ($55.00).  pay pal is available for an  additional $2.00 per  book.  any questions should be sent through the "contact the author" link on this website.
for non-us residents, the  book is available at the following locations:

 canada  united kingdom  france  germany  italy  european union  japan 
 promo video made by charmed productions about the new biography, glenn ford: a life  written by his only child, peter ford. 



 
“he is a genuine american
            movie star.” --sidney poitier, 2005
whether galloping across the plains with the grace and control of
            a true cowboy, slapping around a hardboiled dame in a film noir thriller,
            or charming his way through a romantic comedy, glenn ford embodied
            an indelible array of screen heroes. 
now, fans of the handsome actor known for such classic films as
            the blackboard jungle, gilda, jubal, the big heat, the teahouse of
            the august moon, and superman, to name only a few, will soon have
            reason to celebrate. peter ford, the star’s only child, is
            writing a biography: glenn ford: a life. 
brimming with behind-the-scenes tales of glenn's sixty-year acting
            career, the book will feature exclusive interviews with dozens of
            his esteemed costars, including ernest borgnine, sidney poitier,
            evelyn keyes, debbie reynolds, shirley jones, james whitmore, carl
            reiner, and angela lansbury. directors such as vincent sherman, delbert
            mann and richard donner will offer insight into ford’s naturalistic,
            yet dynamic acting style, and his refinement of a screen persona
            that has been embraced by moviegoers the world over. 
moreover, glenn’s personal life will be examined with the
            insight and authority that comes only with exclusive access to family
            members, longtime friends, and a vast collection of diaries, letters,
            and unpublished interviews.
perhaps most important, glenn ford: a life benefits from
            the stars own voice. he will recall everything from his early career
            struggles to his prodigious love life, including his publicized affairs
            with rita hayworth, judy garland, hope lange, and connie stevens,
            and lesser-known romances with the likes of joan crawford and maria
            schell. his famous sixteen-year marriage to dance icon eleanor powell
            (peter ford’s mother), is discussed in candid detail.
much admired for his outspoken patriotism, glenn also reflects on
            his decades of proud service in the coast guard, the marines, and
            the navy reserves. 
glenn ford: a life will offer a unique portrait of one of
            the most stellar and versatile leading men in the hollywood pantheon.




home ~ publicity updates ~ photographs ~ public appearances ~ media archives 
glenn's life ~ peter ford ~ contact
    the author ~ related links ~ purchase the book




  
        last updated: december 17, 2013
  
 




 

© copyright peter ford, 2004-2013 -
            the entire content of the glennfordbio.com website is the original
            and copyrighted work of peter ford unless otherwise attributed. no
            portion of these pages may be reproduced in any form without the
          expressed written consent of peter ford. 








 












