
















the original free grocery tips site - grocerysavingtips.com





























































































pages



home


print coupons


military family coupon program


grocery tips


organize coupons


groceries on sale

















































































for encouragement and inspiration throughout the year please follow us on instagram @livingabetterlife












learn how to cut your grocery bill in half, with or without coupons





here are just a few of our favorite grocery saving tips to get your started:
golden grocerysavingtips rule: "if it's not on sale, it doesn't go in the cart!"

save money on frozen foods

frozen pie crusts are a great convenience, but you'll save quite a bit by making your own at home.  and they'll taste better too! visit our baked goods section for our favorite pie crust recipe. - read more frozen food saving tips... 
save money on juices
water down your children's juice cups with 1/3 - 1/2 water. not only does this save money, but it also saves the amount of grams of sugar going into our children, and on their teeth!  (by the way - juice can ruin a baby's teeth so don't let them go to bed with a bottle of juice, day or night!) - read more juice saving tips...

save money on pet supplies

i buy large cans of dog food which i halve for 2 feedings. kroger also sells 12 cans for around $7 which is better than paying $1 a can. we buy 1 pack every 2 weeks. bulk i find is better for us and helps us save money. - read more pet saving tips...

save money on canned foods

buy fresh grocery items instead of canned, when in season! - read more canned food saving tips...

save money on produce

if you buy a large bag of produce (instead of individual produce items), and the bag contains one or more bruised or spoiled items, remove the damaged produce as soon as you get home.  one spoiled item can affect the rest of the bag if it's not removed soon. - read more produce saving tips...

save money on meats

the very best time to buy ham is before or after the holidays, they are always on sale!  after preparing a large ham for one meal, simply divide the leftovers into family size portions and freeze. - read more meat and seafood saving tips...

save money on sodas

of course the best way to save money on sodas is to start drinking water instead, it's also much healthier. if you can't cut the soda habit completely, try just cutting your family's consumption in half.  that will help. sales for these products vary from week to week, but i have noticed when coke products are on sale pepsi products are not, and vice versa.  so, either stock up when your brand of choice is on sale or switch back and forth depending on the sale.  at our local stores, a 2-liter name brand soda on sale may cost about .99 cents, while a 2-liter not on sale may cost up to $1.79.  in other words... no sale, no buy! - read more soda saving tips...


copyright 2003-2016 by michelle jones. all rights reserved.



















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)



visit our other sites:

better budgeting - frugal family recipes - cookie club recipes


























get your free subscription to our money saving tips ezine, living a better life®, plus free ebook "101 coupon tips"













































sharing: if you have been on the internet for any length of time, as you can imagine, our grocery saving tips have been copied and shared around the web for many years without our knowledge or permission. if you would like to share our tips on your blog, community forum, website or social account, please do not copy and paste. we sure would be grateful if you'd share our page link instead. thank you for your support!food banks: being the savvy grocery shoppers that we are, we can help our local food banks and other charities by sharing our best bargains throughout the year.  the more we save, the more we can give!grocerysavingtips.com is a subsidiary of blue ridge publishing, inc., p.o. box 795, powder springs, ga 30127. please send coupons for our military family coupon project directly to the base addresses we have provided, not to our company address. god bless you for participating in our coupon program!






copyright © 2003-2018 by blue ridge publishing, inc. all rights reserved. simple theme. powered by blogger.
























