





medical solutions, inc. | medical supplies, new equipment, refurbished equipment





























info@medicalsolutionsinc.com
+1 763.493.4114


















home
login
services
catalog

about 



about
services



contact










next level sales and service since 1998!medical equipment and supplies

login
our services
























login to your msi account portal
the msi account portal gives customers hands on access to shop, place orders, check the status of orders, get invoices, and pay invoices!














								no account?
								 sign up here 












services
medical solutions, inc. offers medical supplies, new medical equipment, and refurbished medical equipment for purchase from retail, professional, and government customers.






medical supplies
based in minnesota, medical solutions, inc. is a medical supply distrubutor offering a full line of premium and value brand medical products. msi distributes disposable medical supplies, instruments, ppe, and more everyday to our customers around the united states.






new medical equipment
medical solutions, inc. offers new medical equipment for professional medical practices, government agencies, doctors, nurses, skilled nursing facilities, and all medical uses.






refurbished medical equipment
msi provides refurbished medical equipment for sale to educational facilities and professional medical offices.






government, professional, retail
msi serves customers in all sectors. our clients look to us for next level service. are you ready to level up?















new to msi? contact us today
medical solutions, inc. distributes high quality medical supplies as well as new and refurbished medical equipment. we are set up to serve retail customers, professional medical offices, doctors, nurses, long term care as well as purchasing offices for government entities.
medical solutions has provided next level sales and service since 1998! are you ready to level up? contact us today!


contact us now











contact us
medical solutions is a team of dedicated professionals who are uniquely prepared to work with customers on all projects big and small throughout the united states. buy medical supplies online. get quotes for new and refurbished medical eqipment. shop brand name medical products and find great value offers. retail, professional, and government customers are welcome here! contact us today.





address
9210 wyoming avenue north #270brooklyn park, mn  55445, usa





phone number

+1 763.493.4114





email
info@medicalsolutionsinc.com

































loading

your message has been sent.a copy has been sent to your email address for your recordsthank you!

send message











				© copyright medical solutions, inc.. all rights reserved
				
				proud distribution partners of the nuedge alliance and mmcap infuse.
				





















