



herbs & heirlooms, inc. 











vintageterre haute, in postcard



herbs & heirlooms, inc.

home ofken's creations

1709 so. 4th st. (just south of hulman st.)
terre haute, indiana 47802
812-234-2272




indiana postcard







located in terre haute, indiana, herbs and heirlooms, inc. has serviced the wabash valley since 1994. since opening as a small herb store, herbs and heirlooms has grown into one of the
 largest herb and rock store in the midwest. at herbs and heirlooms you will also find thousands of products for all spiritual paths, from ritual supplies, to bulk herbs, books, jewelry, essential oils, crystals and stones, supplements and teas. 

herbs and heirlooms strives to have what you need no matter the spiritual path you have chosen.

 business hours:
we are open for in store shopping thursday and friday from 10 am to 5 pm and saturday from 10 am to 4 pm. the front door will be locked so please ring door bell when you arrive or call 812-234-2272

we still offer curbside pickup if so desired.

finding us - our location & map






please note!


due to the surge in respiratory illnesses, we are temporarily limiting in-store shopping to adults only-no children at this time.






one of ken's creations postcards









red skelton
packard
barnes mortuaryrockville, in
indiana glass
s.o. andersonlinton, in c. 1942

herb products
bulk herbs a - k
bulk herbs l - z
mortars and pestles
herb pharm extracts/tinctures
herbal supplements, vitamins and minerals
hyland's homeopathic products and cell salts
aromatherapy essential oils and absolutes
fragrance oils and auric blends perfumes
oil diffusers
aromatherapy base oils, carrier oils, beeswax and shea butter
glass and plastic bottles, jars and metal tins
earth drop soaps
dr. bronner's organics
thayers natural remedies
heritage store
tea, honey, jellies and culinary herbs & spices

black, green, herbal and yerba mate teas
tea infusers, strainers, cups & mugs, canisters & accessories
honey, jellies, sorgum molasses and apple butter
culinary herbs and spices




spiritual products

dip & quill pens, inks, paper
tarot & oracle decks
runes, gazing balls, pendulums, scrying bowls and mirrors
cauldrons
candles
candle holders, snuffers & accessories
ritual oils
cloth patches
voodoo dolls
ritual & spellwork supplies
hanukah menorahs and candles
books & journals
statues
amulets, talismans astrological, zodiac & totem jewelry
incense, resins and smudge sticks
cone & stick incense burners
magickal herbs

crystal and gemstone products

crystal & gemstones, tumbled, pyramids & beads
small wands / massage wands
animal totem stones
mala / prayer beads

ken's creationshandcrafted at herbs and heirlooms

pyramid necklaces with gemstones/crystals
gemstone/crystal expansion (stretchy) bracelets
gemstone/crystal pendants
gemstone/crystal necklaces
etched/sandblasted spirituality items
altar / meditation tables
boxes
besoms
ken's creations wooden and antler wands
athames
rustic signs
apothecary bottles

heirloomsvintage, antique and collectibles

herbs and heirlooms 'vintage treasures'
herbs and heirlooms 'vintage treasures ephemera'
herbs and heirlooms 'vintage treasures postcards'
herbs and heirlooms 'vintage treasures parke county'
vintage indiana covered bridge postcards
vintage pyramidology magazines
the church and school of wicca

homebrew supplies

beer and wine making supplies


goddess plate
the book of runes
ken's creationstoe pincher coffin
magickal formulary spellbook ii









witches book lot

herbal almanac lot

moon sign lot

magical almanac lot

witches' almanac lot

sabbats almanac lot









the claims made about specific products or services on or through this website have not been evaluated by herbs and heirlooms, inc. or the united states food and drug administration and are not approved to 
diagnose, treat, cure or prevent disease. the information provided on this website or any information contained on or in any product label or packaging is for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for advice from your physician or other health care professional. you should not use the information on this website for diagnosis or treatment of any health problem or for prescription of any medication or other treatment. you should consult with your healthcare professional before starting any diet, exercise or supplementation program, before taking any medication, or if you have or suspect you might have a health problem. 
please note:
typographical errors: although every precaution is taken to ensure accuracy, errors in price, quantity, color, size, etc. may occur. we reserve the right to correct such errors without consequences.







post card of vigo county courthouse - terre haute, indiana - built 1885 - architect, samuel hannaford
located between ohio st. & wabash ave.  on 3rd st. (highway 41)

back to top          home page




