









professional teeth whitening products and cosmetic solutions - life like



































































 
























}

monday - friday 08:00 am - 05:00 pm
saturday and sunday – closed






(800) 543-3545
customers@life-like.com



followfollowfollow








home
life-like dentists
dental products
periorenew
resources
faqs
blog
contact
my account/login












 
























“revolutionary shower whitening system your patients will love!”
learn more









“the first teeth whitening company to offer 20% carbamide peroxide whitening!”
become a life-like dentist by ordering today










no mess dispensingunlike other whitening syringes, the patented life-like applicator:

requires no assembly
it’s not a syringe that can take a needle
opens and closes the flow by simply twisting the cap
has a built -in, fine-control tip that makes it easy to control the placement
does not continue to ooze whitening material after first use
is reusable for hobbies or as a handy water pistol

order now
















teeth whitening products
both our at-home and in-office systems offer exceptionally practical and effective products at the right price.





order now










at-home 30% carbamide peroxide – get the fastest, most predictable results with low wear time and low sensitivity.








rx whitening puts professional whitening just where it belongs – in the hands of the dental professional.








today’s dental practice relies on the influx of new patients. tooth bleaching is one of the most effective entry points for the first time patient.








see the amazing results of life-like teeth whitening in these before and after photos!









how our products work

just ask, we’ll answer






will whitening damage my teeth
not at all. the whitening process will not affect your enamel, tooth structure, bonding or restorations. whitening acts only on the molecules that carry the discoloration.

how long will whitening take?
you’ll see results right away, usually within three days of starting the whitening process. the complete process normally takes between one and two weeks, but treatment times will vary depending on the source, type, and depth of the discoloration.

is there any discomfort?
there is little, if any. some patients might feel an increased sensitivity to cold, heat, or pressure during the whitening process, but this sensitivity ends a day or two after the treatment is completed. any note of persistent discomfort should be reported to your dentist.

what if i have more questions?
just ask. our office is well experienced in tooth whitening treatments, and we’ll be happy to answer any questions you may have about the process or the results. email us at customers@life-like.com or give us a call at (800) life-like (543-3545).














life-like’s gel works faster and consequently patients are more compliant.william c. strupp, jr., dds, faacd  my go to whitening system for about 18 years. i recommend this before any chair side whitening system. thanks so much!dr rhonda nasser, d.d.s., p.a.  patients love the fast, safe results. it’s the only bleaching product we use at plum point dental. we have peace of mind knowing we will have a happy, satisfied patient with the life-like whitening system.dr. matthew yarnis  the seal-syringe is an exceptional delivery system. it simplifies the process for the patient. i have used the product myself, and it is the only home bleaching product i offer in my practice. the consistency of the bleach itself is ideal for short-session bleaching, and, in terms of price, it’s a bargain.craig downen, d.d.s.  





view more testimonials







before and after examples

we make you smile like you always dreamed

















satisfaction guaranteed! the original teeth whitening system

life like whitening comes with the industry’s only 100% satisfaction money0back guararntee!





































ask about periorenew

do you have periodontitis patients? ask us about periorenew – our latest dental product that breaks down biofilm while killing the germs that cause bad breath. view product video here. our formula will not acid-etch enamel like other h202 gels, (because the gel is ph neutral) making it safe to use before and after the invasive procedures.



 












5950 hollister ave #b,goleta, ca 93117phone: (800) 543-3545e-mail: customers@life-like.com



quick links


homepage
professional products
digital marketing resources
frequently asked questions
latest news
testimonials
my account
life-like cart
send us a message




latest news

top 3 reasons why dentists love life-like teeth whitening4:59 pm 19 sep 2022april 2020 stock dental marketing content4:10 pm 06 apr 2020february 2020 stock dental marketing content2:02 pm 28 feb 2020



follow us on social

followfollowfollow







copyright © 1990-2021 life like cosmetics solutions for dental professionals






home
terms of use
privacy policy
site map











home
terms of use
privacy policy
site map




 













































