







pony express – packages on time on budget





































home
service

same day delivery
shredding
medical courier
nationwide & international
clinical waste
pharmacy


company
contact
search




menu


menu

facebookinstagrammail 






homeyou are here: homelocal |  nationwide |  internationalpony express provides a full range of express and economy delivery options, covering local, nationwide and international deliveries.
learn moreget a quotesustainability / zero emissionspony express has replaced many of its vehicles with zero-emission alternatives, helping its clients meet their sustainability goals.
download carbon reduction sheetshreddingpony express can arrange a bulk collection and shredding service of your confidential documentation, and an ongoing solution for securely storing and shredding your company’s sensitive documentation.
more informationmedical courierour specially trained medical couriers are available to complete medical specimen collections from hospitals, medical centres, nursing homes etc. to laboratories for testing.
learn morepreviousnext1234

we have been providing secure deliveries to irish businesses since 1977. efficient, reliable & fast!book a delivery

our services


same day delivery

we have an extensive fleet of vehicles, dedicated to providing fast, secure same day deliveries throughout dublin and nationwide.

nationwide & international

pony express’s extensive delivery network provides its clients with an efficient and reliable nationwide & international delivery service for documents, parcels, and pallets.

shredding

pony express supplies locked console bins for confidential documents, and a secure onsite and offsite document destruction service.


medical courier

adr trained drivers for the delivery of blood product and biological specimens nationwide for hospitals, testing centres, laboratories, medical centres, nursing homes etc.

clinical waste

licensed collection and disposal services for clinical waste, including clinical waste bags, wheelie bins, sharps bins, dental waste, and pharmaceutical waste.

pharmacy

we deliver secure and efficient pharmacy logistics. whether you are a local, national, or online pharmacy, our cost-effective, trackable, and flexible delivery services are designed to save your pharmacy time and money.


why us?

we have the fleetwe operate a vast fleet of pushbikes, cargo-bikes, motorbikes, cars, vans & trucks.
zero emissionswe have replaced many of our vehicles with zero-emission alternatives, assisting our clients in meeting their carbon emission goals.
certified experiencepony express operates an iso 9001:2015 quality system, ensuring the highest standard of service for its clients.
over 40 years experiencepony express was dublin’s very first courier company. we have been serving irish businesses since 1977.
competitive pricingthe highest standard of service delivered at competitive prices.

   

certified 

head office pony express,
20 st joseph’s parade,
d07 k192
tel: +353 (1) 661 0101,
e-mail: info@ponyexpress.ie 

opening hours 24 hour service available
office
mon-fri   8:30am – 6:00pm
 







© 2020 pony express couriers. all rights reserved. company number: 128603 .  | privacy policy 






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.oklearn more

cookie and privacy settings


how we use cookies


we may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.



essential website cookies


these cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.



other external services


we also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.



privacy policy


you can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
privacy policy




accept settingshide notification only











