










commercial architecture & design build services | rrmm architects































 




skip to content








who we are
what we do
projects
news
careers
 




open menu







who we are
what we do
projects
news
careers
 



                                    
                                            login                                    
                                        


                                    
                                            contact                                    
                                        











 















crafting distinctive spaces.
we understand that each client and project is distinct and can benefit from our commitment to craft multiple design solutions.










celebrating communities.
since 1988, we have been creating spaces that inspire, spark conversation, and evoke a sense of place for the communities that they celebrate.










places to live, work, play, and learn. 
we specialize in designing places for all of life’s moments; from the big occasions to the everyday spaces, we’ve designed a place for you.










focusing on sustainability. 
as a leader in sustainability, we are focused on understanding and continually improving the environmental impact of our designs and material choices.










rrmm acquires gant brunnett architects.
with the acquisition of gant brunnett architects, rrmm expands their maryland presence by establishing a new branch office in baltimore.




                                                        read more                                                        













architects
















who we are.

built on over three decades of established history and generations of diverse thinking, rrmm architects offers award-winning and comprehensive services in architecture, master planning, interior design, and sustainable design. we are profoundly committed to our mission of creating great places to live, work, play and learn.



get to know us






















what we do.










                                                                                        architecture                                                                                            

from programming and initial design through final walk-through, we create designs based on your needs, values, and criteria. using industry-leading technology and innovative thinking, as well as the lessons learned from our extensive experience, our priority is to deliver the highest value project for your investment.










                                                                                        master planning                                                                                            

rrmm offers extensive master planning experience in both the public and private sectors. from assessing your existing buildings and identifying deficiencies, to proposing creative solutions, our proven approach provides you with a comprehensive view of where you are now and a detailed roadmap to get you where you want to be.










                                                                                        interior design                                                                                            

our interior design team is exceptionally talented at transforming square footage into meaningful spaces that influence the way occupants feel and interact with said space. their designs continually prove themselves to be inspired, functional, and aesthetic, while smartly suited to the context of their surroundings.










                                                                                        sustainable design                                                                                            

as a long-time leader in sustainability and a strong proponent of leed, we see our role as critical in building environments that are healthy, self-sustaining, and harmonious with the natural world. we believe that good design begins and ends with environmentally conscious design.







learn more











projects.










culpeper technical education center (ctec)









old dominion university: hampton roads biomedical research consortium









plasser american









ideal dental






see our portfolio

















news.














                                                        higher education                                                     

                                                        31 august 2023                                                    

rrmm designs hampton roads biomedical research consortium












                                                        company                                                     

                                                        19 may 2023                                                    

laser scanning services at rrmm












                                                        pk-12 education                                                     

                                                        20 december 2022                                                    

culpeper technical education center wins vsba silver design award












                                                        company higher education                                                     

                                                        07 march 2019                                                    

new cybersecurity complex at norfolk state university












                                                        pk-12 education                                                     

                                                        04 february 2025                                                    

jennie dean elementary school is officially under construction












                                                        company                                                     

                                                        14 march 2024                                                    

rrmm architects expands maryland presence with gant brunnett architects acquisition












                                                        higher education                                                     

                                                        05 september 2023                                                    

joan perry brock center dedication celebrates project completion








learn more




















contact us
who we are
what we do
projects
news
careers
login
 









                                                        copyright 2025 - all rights reserved.                        









































