







website design western massachusetts | montague webworks










































































































zoom
 (413) 320-5336
 contact us



search


go!























about









hiring us




staff




associates




webworks university




testimonials




testimonial radio ads




terms of service




website privacy policy



websites









clients




rocketfusion cms




mobile-friendly templates




ecommerce websites




towns & departments




additional services for towns and muni




additional general services




full client list



marketing









mww tips & tricks book




website of the week



customers

arts / entertainment / travel (32)

auto / transport (9)

contractors / home services (30)

contractors / landscape & hauling (16)

contractors / outdoor services (20)

craftspersons / manufacturing (9)

education / environment (13)

farms / food / drink (36)

government / municipal (36)

healthcare / services (9)

non profits / community organizations (22)

professional services (25)

shopping / retail (14)

sport / fitness (13)


news

webworks news

customer projects

mik's blog, sort of...














innovative web development
simple and powerful websites for businesses












montague webworks :: 413-320-5336
western massachusetts web design & web hosting

in addition to meeting in person, we also take meetings via phone and online using zoom (call us first)


montague webworks (mww) is a western massachusetts company specializing in website design and hosting, database design, e-commerce, secure email, marketing advice, and google search engine optimization.
we provide modern, mobile-friendly responsive websites that are cost-effective and simple to manage. we will build your website quickly, and train you and your staff how to maintain your website on your own — saving you time and money. if this is a new site we can also register you with google mybusiness and bing.
we cater to businesses that prefer local companies for their services. in fact, 98% of our 350+ customers are based in franklin county and hampshire county, ma, windsor county, vt, and cheshire county, nh, which allows us to provide personal, in-office, face-to-face service.
montague webworks specializes in contractor websites, farm websites, and official town websites, as well as general business websites.
hire us today













about







websites







marketing







and more...


















buy one today!







martin's farm compost and roll-off containers
mik muller and adam martin







city of greenfield-ma.gov official website
mik muller, fernando fleury, and john lunt







cliff's smokin' backyard bbq & catering
mik muller and kelly phillips







eddie's wheels for pets
leslie degraff-grinnell and mik muller







dan piasecki, jonathan bunker, and mik
photography, fishing, and franklin county's first choice for web!







mik, paul franz, and tony palumbo
first-choice web, photography, and art




previous slide
next slide












working with montague webworks — 413-320-5336
ease of use:

we need to escape from our current website situation. it's a wordpress site and we are about ready to go out and lie down on the railroad tracks rather than try to enter updates or make changes. help!
-deborah

if you can click a button and type, you can maintain your own website with our software: rocketfusion. the interface is simple to use and engineered to easily accomplish the tasks you need to do, such as adding a news item, uploading a photo, or updating a menu. of course, if you prefer to have your site updated for you, we offer low-cost, ongoing service plans. pricing for setting up a rocketfusion website starts at $1000, and goes up depending on the size of the project.

i have to say as someone who has spent time working in drupal, joomla, wordpress and with straight html, rocketfusion is awesome! it really is easy to use and intuitive.
-kirsten bonanza, snow's icecream

security: 
rocketfusion is not open source software. designed and copyrighted by montague webworks, this product provides our customers with exceptional security for their websites and communications. we monitor and regularly update the software. you will never receive a notice that you need to install the latest updates for your website. we take care of that!
training and support:
once your site is up and running you will receive in-house basic training on how to manage your new website. after that, you have the option to join us for our free monthly refresher classes, which we call webworks university. these events are a place to network with the mww customer community, which includes representatives from a variety of business, non-profit, social, and government organizations.
montague webworks provides excellent customer service and support. the people who make your website are the people who answer the phone. you will get the same person every time. you won’t spend hours on hold to speak to an answering service, or be part of an impersonal online ticketing system when you have a question. we are an always-available consultant for your organization, for technical issues, web-related services, and marketing advice.

"any call or email i've sent to mik has been returned in a timely fashion. service is what it's about, and mww does it well."
- brock hines, albert allen insurance

service areas:
serving customers mainly in western massachusetts and other new england states in the pioneer valley, montague webworks is here to help.
read more about how we will work with you >>
call 413-320-5336 or use our contact form for a customized quote today.

























webworks news














montague webworks announces fee increases


for the first time since 2020, we are raising our rates just a little
















vote now for franklin favorites 2024


vote for your favorite local businesses -- including us! -- today!
















new google analytics is coming on saturday


the old google analytics (ga3) will be going away -- switch now!
















happy new year from montague webworks


january is always a good time to review your website and your online security

























awards we have received
among the other awards that montague webworks has received, we have been the winner of every "best web design and hosting" category every year since that category's inception in 2018!





































































































































greenfield, ma 01301
413-320-5336










© 2025 montague webworks -- (413) 320-5336
|
terms | privacy policy


|


powered by rocketfusion




admin login












edit image

×







close








browse all images

×






close





















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility




