














home | workers compensation board of manitoba
























































































      skip to main content
    













home


contact


news


newsletters




englishfrançaisespañoldeutsch中文tagalogਪੰਜਾਬੀдобро пожаловать









enter terms






















 

are you a...

workerreport an injuryget emergency helpunderstand your benefitsreturn to workfile an appealworker care clinicemployerhealthcare providerforms and guidesreturn to workbilling and paymentcontinuing professional developmentfact sheetsehealth online services portalcreating/updating your wcb accountwcb infoabout uspolicy & legislationaccountability & reportingfair practices officeresearch & innovationcommunity outreachresource libraryresearch and workplace innovation projectscareers






 

mobile menu


wcb info


policies


return to work




workers


report a claim




employers


healthcare


jobs















previous


pause


next







report your payroll online by february 28 to get your annual premium rate 
learn more




adjustment in compensation tables now available 
click here for the list of tables




report workplace injuries to the wcb 
learn more.











































more services and info below
report a claim
return to work
access clearances
online services
policies
register & manage your employer account




about the wcb
the workers compensation board (wcb) is a statutory corporation providing a workplace injury and disability insurance system for workers and employers.
with approximately 600 employees, the wcb is dedicated to ensuring and supporting safe and healthy workplaces. we place workers and employers at the centre of everything we do, providing services for injury prevention, compensation and facilitating return to health and work, all while maintaining the integrity of the workers compensation system.
 our vision, mission and values

our vision
a safer manitoba that fosters prevention and return to work.
 
our mission
we provide our customers with valued services for insurance, prevention, compensation and return to work, while maintaining the integrity of the system.
 
our values
integrity: we treat our stakeholders fairly and honestly, while being accountable and transparent.
caring: we understand the unique needs of our customers and treat them with compassion, dignity and respect.
innovation: we continuously strive to make our systems more responsive, efficient and effective.
collaboration: we work together with our stakeholders to achieve our vision.






news
tweets by @wcbmanitoba 



training
view more wcb workshops
safe work manitoba offers a variety of safety-related training and workshops.
see safe work manitoba training opportunities









search our resource library
    
      use any combination of the filters below to find resources.

what's your role
what's your roleall roleschiropractordentistemployershealthcare providershearing specialistmedical physicianphysiotherapistworkers


topics
topicsall topicsappeal a decisioncorporate infocoverage & benefitshealthcare billinghealthcare formsinjury preventioninjury recoverylarge business pagenew customer pageonline servicesopioidpay my premiumpremiums & ratesprevention projectprevention researchprivacyregister my businessreport payrollreport an injuryresponsibilitiesreturn to workreturn to work projectreturn to work researchsmall business page


resource type
resource typeall resource typesannual reportbrochurecard-stickeremployer fact sheet and faqemployer formguidehealthcare formhealthcare provider fact sheet and faqposterpresentationradio spotreportresearch projectvideoworker fact sheet and faqworker form









your quick links
workers
employers
healthcare providers
wcb online services login
wcb info
fair practices office



wcb e-newsletter



join our mailing list to receive important news and event updates!

* indicates required

email address *  

first name  

last name  


value







				 

				 






by completing this form, you consent to receive e-mail messages from the workers compensation board of manitoba. you may unsubscribe at any time. workers compensation board of manitoba 333 broadway winnipeg, mb r3c 4w3 canada wcb@wcb.mb.ca
1-855-954-4321




















find us






the workers compensation board of manitoba is a mutual workplace injury and disability statutory corporation funded by employer premiums. we are here to insure and support safe and healthy work and workplaces. we put workers and employers at the centre of all we do. we provide them with valued services for injury prevention, compensation and return to health and work while maintaining system integrity.



footer menu


jobs


laws


privacy


links


accessibility


terms of use






          copyright ©
          2025.
          all rights reserved.
        








































