









home page - textile exchange























































 










about textile exchangeabouttools & resourcesannual report 2023glossaryinspirationknowledge centerclimate and nature impact awards

 
our storymembersnews & press 

 
climate+ strategyclimate+ dashboard 

 
teamboardcareers 

 
contactfaqsfile a complaint 



responsible materialsmaterialstools & resourcesmaterial change indexmaterials directorymaterial productionpreferred fiber and material matrixindustry reportsimpact explorerlife cycle inventory libraryregenerative outcome framework

 
plant fiberscottonhemp 

 
manmade cellulosicsviscose 

 
syntheticsbiosyntheticsnylonpolyester 

 
animal fibers & materialsdownleatherwool 



our standardsstandardstools & resourcesstandards documentsstandards feedback formclaims & labeling guidancetrackit traceability tool

 
all standardsglobal recycled standardorganic content standardrecycled claim standardresponsible wool standard 

 
 content claim standardresponsible alpaca standardresponsible down standardresponsible mohair standard 

 
standards transitionstandards developmentmaterials matter standard 



get certifiedcertificationtools & resourcesauthenticate a transactionfind a certifierfind a certified companyfind a te-idregister for a te-idunderstand accreditation

 
 chain of custodybrand & retailer certificationfarm certificationsupply chain certification 



how to get involvedtake actiontools & resources

 
 build your portfolio strategyexplore tools & resourcesexplore communities of practiceparticipate in benchmarkingparticipate in material commitments 

 
 attend an eventbecome a memberjoin the leather impact acceleratortake part in round tablesmake a donation 



donatedonatetools & resources
log inmember logindata reporting portal logincertified company logincertification body login 






close search




logout 








watch video: homepage-hero-fundamental-lighter. 





							climate action starts at the source of the materials we choose.						


								watch video
							
learn about our mission







close video













about
we’re driving meaningful change right from the start of the supply chain.
most of the materials used for fashion, textile, and apparel today come from farms, forests, or fossil fuels. textile exchange exists to ensure the industry treats these resources with respect.

our story
get involved






 












							what we do						

								our purpose is to build a global fiber and materials production model that positively impacts our planet.							

							at the heart of our strategy is the goal of helping the fashion, textile, and apparel industry to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions that come from fiber and raw materials production by 45% by 2030. we call it climate+.						

discover climate+











 



									soil								

									soil puts food on our plates, purifies the water, and is the beginning of all material production. we’re striving to keep it healthy.								








 



									biodiversity								

									like food and the air we breathe, material production depends on healthy ecosystems which need a wide variety of animals, plants, and microorganisms. that’s why we’re supporting biodiversity.								








 



									water								

									the basis of life as we know it, water, needs to be treated as the precious resource it is. we work to make sure it is used responsibly and put back safely into our systems.								










						learn the basics					

							understand materials and standards						












												fibers and materials											



												sustainability standards											














explore fibers and materials
we help the industry to understand some of the common sustainability challenges that come with producing popular fibers and raw materials. then, we work with stakeholders all along the supply chain to find ways to overcome them at scale.
explore all materials

cottoncottonpolyesterpolyesternylonnylonviscoseviscosewoolwoolleatherleather 






explore sustainability standards
we’ve developed a set of robust standards to give the industry a way to authenticate their sustainability claims from raw material to final product. they fill the gaps in existing guidelines and verification tools, and we regularly adapt and upgrade them to meet evolving needs.

explore all standards
get certified


organic content standardrecycled claim standard / global recycled standardresponsible down standardresponsible wool standardresponsible mohair standardresponsible alpaca standard 









						get involved					

							take the next step on your sustainability journey						

we recognize that everyone’s journey will be different, so we provide the industry with tools, resources, and initiatives that mean everyone, from farmers to suppliers and brands, can find the next step to take on their sustainability pathway.


build your strategy
explore all tools










										read our reports									
explore our industry reports to expand your knowledge of the opportunities and challenges in fiber and raw material production today.













										use our tools									
use one of our interactive tools to compare data on different fibers and raw materials and work out how to make an immediate impact.













										take part in our benchmark									
participate in our corporate fiber and materials benchmark to report on your progress in materials sourcing and see how you compare to others.













										take a fiber challenge									
join other brands in setting ambitious targets to source more sustainable cotton or recycled polyester, increasing these materials’ market share.













										sign up for a round table									
take part in one of our round table discussions for a specific fiber or material and help to create alignment on goals and actions.













										attend an event									
connect with industry leaders at one of our virtual or in-person events, as we work to map out the pathway to positive climate impact.
















						insights					

							see industry progress in materials sourcing						

						we can’t be confident of reaching our climate+ goal if don’t track our progress. that’s why we’re pulling together the numbers that help us pinpoint where change has been made so far and orientate our actions on where we need to go next.					






 


		see which companies source materials more sustainably	

		search by company name, corresponding standard, location, raw material, and more.	







 


		discover data and insights for different fibers and materials	

		find key statistics on the global fiber and material production landscape to understand progress.	







 


		track progress towards our climate+ goal	

		see the changes that have been realized since 2019 baseline data.	











							knowledge center						

								dive deeper into fiber and materials production							

visit the knowledge center













 

reports 


													regenerative agriculture landscape analysis												



view details





 

reports 


													preferred fiber and materials market report 2022												



view details





 

reports 


													organic cotton market report												



view details





 

reports 


													sustainability of biosynthetics report												



view details






















become a membercontact us 


 

 

 

 

 

 









				this form subscribes you to textile exchange's newsletter. additionally, for textile exchange members, it grants access to the hub's membership community.			
sign up for our newsletter






						about					

							who we are						

							climate+ vision						

							responsible materials						

							standards						

							industry progress						

							careers						

							members						



						tools & resources					

							knowledge center						

							materials impact explorer						

							preferred fiber and materials matrix						

							impact incentives						

							file a complaint						



						get involved					

							build your portfolio strategy						

							participate in benchmarking						

							get certified						

							find a certified company						

							participate in fiber challenges						

							make a donation						









			©
			textile exchange			2025.
			 all rights reserved. ‎‎‎terms of service 

privacy policy


data governance policy



		textile exchange is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization (tax id number 33-1034726) under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code. donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law.
	





 













































