










texas & louisiana fishing guides | jason catchings






























































fishing & hunting with jason catchings281.389.4548











home
fishing

louisiana

louisiana redfish & speckled trout
louisiana fly fishing
tarpon fishing
louisiana fishing lodges


south texas

texas flats & inshore fishing
texas fishing lodges


florida

florida tarpon fishing




hunting

south texas

whitetail deer hunts
hog hunting
turkey hunting
dove hunting
quail hunting
south texas hunting lodges


texas waterfowl

waterfowl hunting
texas waterfowl hunting lodges


uruguay

uruguay wingshooting
river lodge
field lodge




photos
videos
blog
book a trip
more info

about us
policies & waiver
fishing checklist
hunting checklist


 























texas & louisiana
flats fishing 
							stretch a line with us as we fish the most
productive water in all of the gulf of mexico! 
							 


florida & louisiana
tarpon fishing 
							fly & light tackle tarpon fishing adventuresin florida & louisiana 
							 


trophy whitetail
deer hunting 
							we grow them big down here in south texas! 
come shoot a monster! 
							 


south texas
turkey hunting 
							come enjoy the thrill of hunting a big rio grande gobbler in south texas! 
							 


dove, duck, perdiz, pigeon
& more in south america 
							world class wing-shooting in the beautiful  and remote country side of western uruguay 
							 














hunting & fishing in texas, louisiana, florida & uruguaypremium fishing & hunting adventuresthe premier hunting and fishing adventure guide servicethroughout the gulf of mexico and south america.
louisiana, texas & florida fishing charters



we chase redfish in the marsh, tarpon on the beaches, and everything in between. our guides have over 100 years of combined experience and they have been hand selected to provide you with the best fishing and highest level of service possible.
fishing options
book now
 guided fishing adventures for every anglerlouisiana redfishing trips


forget everything you thought you knew about redfishing. louisiana will destroy your concept of what good redfish fishing is. redfishing is out of this world here.
adventure details
texas flats fishing


texas has some of the most productive shallow water fishing in the entire gulf of mexico. and, we have some of texas' top guides to put you on the fish!
adventure details
louisiana & florida tarpon


drag screaming, back breaking, tarpon fishing excitement! experience the most productive and exciting tarpon fishing available in louisiana and florida.
adventure details
 texas whitetail deer hunting


you've heard the rumors about south texas whitetail deer. the rumors are true! we have absolute monsters down here! you owe it to yourself to come experience the best whitetail deer hunting in the united states. 
adventure details
book now
guided hunting adventures for every sportsman
south texas turkey hunting


we provide spring turkey hunts in the river bottoms, food plots, and live oak flats of the south texas brush.
adventure details
wild hog hunting


if you're looking for action, this is your sport! we have hogs coming out of our ears! let our guides put you on the meat!
adventure details
wingshooting


we have the best property & guides for dove hunting, quail hunting, and waterfowl hunting in texas and south america.
more hunting options

about jason catchings - outdoor adventures.
i've been a professional hunting and fishing guide since 1990. this is not just a job for me -- or any of our professional staff. fishing and hunting is our obsession, passion, and all we do... period. we sleep, eat, and talk hunting and fishing 24/7/365.
we offer everything for the hunting and fishing customer could possibly want. you can travel to fish and hunt at several different locations in texas, louisiana, florida, and uruguay in south america with the same outfitter. this provides knowledge of the customer’s needs and builds a relationship of trust. as a customer you do not have to wonder what you are going to get service wise by going with a new outfitter.
learn more about what we offer and when you're ready, book a trip and have an adventure of a lifetime!
about us
book now

proudly sponsored by:














have a question? ready to book? you are only an email away from the fishing or hunting adventure of a lifetime!
book a trip

contact us 281.389.4548
email: jasoncatchings@aol.com
latest reports5 tips for a successful texas teal season 2019 opener!!!september 13, 2019a giant louisiana bull redfish on flyseptember 13, 2019






							© jason catchings outdoors inc. - premier outfitter & guide service						























