




 

park rapids resort mn | minnesota family lake vacations fishing resort | 

























































































reservations
218-652-3533 
email: vacation@camplibertyresort.com






















cabins

cabins info

birch cabin
carefree cabin
koze cabin
spruce cabin
aspen cabin
pines cabin
comfy cabin
loon cabin
crowsnest cabin
lakeview cabin


resort map
rates


specials
activities
fishing

photo gallery
8th crow wing lake


attractions
gallery
blog
contact us

contact form
location map


home


 





















camp liberty resort - nevis, mn
welcome! we invite you and your family to vacation with us on 8th crow wing lake in northern mn. we have been specializing in resort vacations for the past 29 years and look forward to your visit.
spread along 2,100 feet of shoreline on the west side of 8th crow wing lake, in northern minnesota, camp liberty resort is truly a vacationer's delight. the beautiful natural setting, clean and comfortable lake level cabins, excellent fishing and swimming, combine to make our resort a place where the family can relax in an uncluttered atmosphere. relax with a good book, sit by the pond, swim, sunbathe or fish and forget your everyday pressures!
we take great pride in the cleanliness of our cabins and resort grounds and make every effort to ensure that our valued guests have a relaxing and enjoyable vacation. whether you choose to spend time with us in the spring, summer or fall, we are confident you will enjoy our facilities and the relaxation of a northern minnesota vacation. we look forward to meeting and serving you.


























 

















 

cabins - 
activities - 
fishing - 
attractions - 
photo gallery - 
location - 
contact us - 
home


website design by midwest captions inc.
 

 
camp liberty resort
on the 8th crow wing lake
hosts todd & kristin kittleson
20522 269th avenue
nevis, mn 56467
800-472-0506 · 218-652-3533

 








	
	

	
		2024 © camp liberty resort
	
	
		

	
 







 



 







 















































