






rotary club of fresno | rotary club of fresno is currently meeting in-person at pardini's on monday's or via zoom














































559.519.6260
office@fresnorotary.org



facebook




instagram


 





facebook




instagram



district 5230
member login
 












about us

board of directors
foundation board of directors
club structure 2024-2025


avenues of service
membership
news room
applications

new member application
grant application
scholarship application


where we meet
calendar
 





select page


  
 



 



 














welcome




the rotary club of fresno unites business professionals to take action and create lasting positive transformation in ourselves, our community, and across the world.
our four strategic priorities are increase our impact, expand our reach, enhance participation & engagement, and increase adaptability.
the guiding principals of rotary have been developed over the last 100+ years to provide rotarians with a strong, common purpose and direction.  they serve as a foundation for our relationships with each other and the action we take in the world.
the rotary four-way test

is it the truth?
is it fair to all concerned?
will it build goodwill and better friendships?
will it be beneficial to all concerned? 

the rotary club of fresno is the oldest (celebrating 108 years in 2024) and largest service club in the central valley.  our members and guests gather weekly on mondays at cornerstone conference center in downtown fresno from 12pm to 1:30pm to hear great news from our members followed by a guest speaker. our calendar has more details about our upcoming events. if you would like to learn more about the rotary club of fresno or be invited to an upcoming meeting, please call (559) 519-6260 or email us at office@fresnorotary.org.
diversity & inclusion
having a diverse and inclusive rotary club of fresno means we value and welcome individuals of all ages, cultures, ethnicities, and races to our club. we encourage younger people, women, and minorities who support rotary’s values, ideals, and mission to join our members in service to our community, and we strive to give all members equal opportunities to serve as leaders within our club.







 










facebook




instagram


© 2025 all rights reserved  |  rotary club of fresno  |  powered by  imembers 

































