



worship presentation software



































what's new?
get started
how to...
suggestion box
resources
contact




















songpro 5
simple - affordable - powerful







account login


support


 


about songpro


features


broadcast


testimonials


screen shots


what's new?


songs supplied


system requirements


free trial


 


licence information



prices



delivery information


order songpro



upgrade from version 4



renew existing version 5



install on additional pcs



bibles



 


free updates



link to us



 



 

















			powerful worship presentation software designed to handle all the requirements for services, making the job quick and easy.  taking the hard work out of the preparation and producing a professional and effective service plan integrating all the various elements. from songs and hymns, bible 

			passages, liturgical text, powerpoint presentations audio and video clips... 

			to web pages, youtube clips and 

			notices, all in one package.
 



see prices...







new    powerful    fast    intuitive    software






initializing...






 













 songpro 5 is even easier to 
                            
                          use and offers you more features  
                          whilst professional, feature rich and covering every requirement it's also very simple, quick and intuitive for the novice user.  "we had an eleven year old operate songpro during the service for the first time after only ten minutes tuition". a walk in the park!  our search facility enables the user to display anything unplanned 'live' in seconds. 
 








							full text-content searching
just type in any part of the title, verse, or chorus 

							- it really is that simple! 
							can't remember the name of a  song? just simply type in a few words from a verse or chorus - there it is!
							songs may also be filtered by 

							category,

						  author and key.




songpro's full bible-text search
(any word or phrase) makes pre-planning easy. the 

					operator can easily keep up with the speaker as bible 

					references are quoted, and different versions of the bible 

					can instantly be switched from one to another for comparison. remember some scripture from the bible but not quite sure of the book, chapter or verse? no problem, again just type it in to find.






 
advanced video and graphics -

					play pre-queued video files or 

					use videos for backgrounds to projected text. also use moving

					video images from a live camera feed as your background to songs and liturgy etc.






					use mixed font attributes for liturgy and songs  (ie colour, bold, italic) for each line of text.

					this can be used to distinguish between leader and

					response text, or men's and women's song parts etc.






videos and images supplied
					    the

			background image library supplied with songpro has

			been increased to over 300 images with a choice of either 16:9 wide screen or 4:3 format, and of course you may add

					your own. 




integrate powerpoint 

			presentations  into the

			service plan, and using the slide preview feature, start the

			presentation from any slide.






planning is simple!

					simply search for your song and add it to the plan - the list can then be 

					printed out for musicians, leaders etc or emailed to them. 

					new songs can easily be added and be available for immediate 

					use, all without the need for photocopies, acetates, inserts 

					or page re-numbering.  songpro is compatible with cloud syncing software such as dropbox so that you can keep all your data instantly synchronised.




cloud syncing
			songpro harnessess the power of the cloud for syncing your data, giving freedom to use any of the most popular cloud storage service providers available, dropbox, google drive, microsoft's onedrive etc.
utilising these services allows you to deploy content over multiple machines.  no more transporting usb drives or cds to different machines or manually entering a service plan - it's all there in the cloud, and automatic.
simply prepare anywhere - the church pc will be ready for use!






show 

			notices and notification messages
			set up eye-catching notices that can be displayed

			automatically, cycling through each one in turn and

			shown for a pre-defined time. 'welcome' messages can

			also be displayed, complete with your church logo. 

			display a "breaking news" style notification message at any time for that

			important nursery call or parking problem.




your 

			favourites 
			your own songbook - very handy to help with planning where items are frequently used. to add to favourites, simply right-click the item and select. favourites are colour coded in blue for convenience.






automatic song-use monitoring

			all songs used are automatically registered,

			and when ccli registration is due, a reminder will

			prompt you and the data can be generated to assist you in completing the report. now includes online reporting.

			






					extended-desktop capability

					most pcs come with extended desktop capability.  for others two video outputs from your pc are all that you need for 

					extended-desktop use. the preparation screen on one, and the 

					output to the projector. if your projector has rs232 

					(serial) communication, then keyboard control of projector 

					functions (eg freeze/blank) is also possible.







easy to import new songs

					simply copy and paste a new song into the database,

					or import a text file with a collection of songs.




optional additional software not included with songpro





 
 




 
 




 
 













see prices




this product was created in england, united kingdom.  us spelling is an option within the program.  other langauge bibles supplied are as follows: portuguese, german schlachter, spanish rv, italian riveduta, french lsg, norwegian, swedish, dutch svv, albanian, afrikaans.
        










| privacy policy | back to top |
terms and conditions |
© copyright 1995-2025 creationsoftware.com all rights reserved












our website uses cookies. by continuing we will assume your permission to accept cookies, please see our privacy policy for more information.



