montana cabin rentals | alta ranch 





welcomelocationseasonscabinsratesguest commentsthings to doweddingslinks









montana log cabin vacation rentals in southwestern montanafor rental of the alta vista and/or moose crossing cabins, please contact barb axel at (406) 349-2200 or baaxel@aol.comthe aspen, ponderosa and cottonwood cabins are no longer available for rent.the alta ranch is tucked away in a picturesque and pristine setting in the bitterroot mountains 90 miles south of missoula, montana and 30 miles southwest of darby, montana. with six vacation homes (authentic log cabins) on 350 acres, the alta ranch offers plenty of privacy and room to roam.two-thirds of a mile of the upper west fork of the bitterroot river flows through the ranch. enjoy excellent walk-and-wade cutthroat trout fishing on the ranch all year round in the river or large rainbow-stocked private pond.  guests can visit the nearby selway, salmon, bitterroot, and big hole rivers. the ranch abuts the bitterroot national forest for hiking or hunting adventures.watch moose, elk, deer, and a variety of small mammals, waterfowl, bald eagles, osprey and other birds from the porch of your private, hand-hewn log cabin nestled in the pines. other things to do on the ranch include canoeing, gold panning, hiking, biking, campfires, cross country skiing, skating, snowshoeing, and good old relaxing. horseback trail rides, float trips, and natural hot springs are nearby.the five charming, fully furnished, log cabin vacation homes vary in size; the largest can accommodate twelve. cabins feature a wood stove in the living room, a fully equipped kitchen and gas barbecue grill, 2-4 bedrooms (linens provided), 1-3 bathrooms (towels provided), covered porch, laundry, and private campfire site. click on our cabins page to see photos of each cabin and the surrounding area.the alta ranch will be open for the 2021 season on may 17th through october 10. the minimum stay is 4 nights. families, couples, singles, nature lovers, hikers, anglers, hunters, photographers, honeymooners, and outdoor enthusiasts are welcome.  the ranch is an ideal location for family reunions, weddings and religious or business retreats.  pets are generally not allowed; ask for exceptions. cabin rates vary, so please click rates for details and our online availability calendar.alta ranch, llc9203 west fork roaddarby, mt 59829info@altaranch.comphone: (406) 349-2142the alta ranch has been featured in the la times, national geographic, trekaroo and visitmt.commontana vacation rentals | montana vacation cabins | montana cabin rentals | montana cabin home rentals | montana cabin rentals | montana cabins | montana rental cabins | linksall contents â© alta ranch, llc 2011-2020







