







sterlingheat































browser not compatible.



commercial hydronics


 sign in











 

rep locator

literature

finned tube

guardian

versa-line

light commercial

classic

custom applications

dura-vane ii



terminal units

convectors

cabinet unit heaters

steam or hot water unit heaters



radiant heat

radiant ceiling panels

panel radiators



baseboard

kompak/senior

electric baseboard



contact us

















click here

specifier






click here

green solutions from sterlinghydronics is the original, naturally efficient heating choice.






click here

sterling custom finned tubelimited only by your imagination




 








                    it looks like your browser is currently in compatability mode.
                    unfortunately, this site won't work in compatability mode.
                    please disable compatability mode and refresh the page.
                    if you need help with this, please visit this link to learn how to do it.



















sterling celebrated its 70th year in business in 2016 and is still located in westfield, massachusetts where a small garage housed the original start-up back in 1946. sterling commercial is recognized as the leader in the hydronic finned tube market and has over the years designed a multitude of custom application finned tube enclosure designs for high rise office buildings, schools, hospitals, prisons, and other commercial projects.

sterling offers the industry's most complete line of finned tube heating elements and enclosures and baseboard radiation. sterling radiator is a member of the hydronic institute of boiler and radiator manufacturers (ibr) and meets the strict industry performance requirements set by the organization. all sterling finned tube performance ratings are based on ibr testing or are ibr approved, where applicable.  

















click here

specifier





 




green solutions




 


 





















contact us
terms & conditions
terms of use















260 north elm streetwestfield, ma 01085p: (413) 564-5535















experience based innovation













© 2016 sterlingheat. all rights reserved.















