









maiolatesi wine cellars


































wine list
buy now
our locations
private events
about
news
calendar

contact us






























january 2025 – happy new year!
we are open all year round!  come visit our winery / tasting room (2nd floor) & susquehanna beer garden @ maiolatesi (1st/ground floor).  
best of all worlds….best views, best wines, beers, and best shareable menu too!! 
our winter hours are:
wed-thurs 11-6pm for tastings and wine sales(kitchen is closed) 
friday11-9pm (kitchen 4-8pm), saturday 11-9pm (kitchen 12-8pm), and sunday 12-4pm.
please call with any questions please call (570) 209-2198
————————————————————————————————————
new news!!  aug-2024
our new scott township tasting room and deck are now open for wine sales & wine flights.  we have a kitchen on friday evenings from 4-8pm by reservations only,  and on saturdays 12-8pm & sundays 12-4pm -serving shareable plates, including our brick oven pizza.
susquehanna brewing co. has opened a taproom downstairs serving beer on tap, beer flights, and the same shareable food menu that we serve. they also have outdoor patio seating with the same beautiful views, including adirondack chairs in the adjacent lawn,  all for you to sit back, relax with a beverage.
**friday evenings- reservations are always required for any size table.
**saturday & sunday reservations only required for groups of 8+ppl. outdoor seating is on a first come first serve basis.  we do not reserve tables outside.
**outside foods or alcoholic beverages cannot be brought onto our premises**
thank you and we hope to see you soon!
——————————————————————————————————————– 
new for spring 2023!

a special announcement……… a message from sal maiolatesi.
 


over the past few months, there have been many stories floating around about the future of our winery.
today i would like to share the exciting news in detail, so we can clarify and explain our plan for the near future.
 
the original tasting room on cabernet drive in scott township will be closed temporarily starting
january 1, 2023.
this is so we can re-model the interior of the space and prepare for the arrival of
“the ridge at maiolatesi”,
which is now a full-service wedding venue hosted entirely by larry nicholas and the team at constantino’s catering. click the link to watch a short video about the venue….
https://constantinocatering.com/nsite/virtual-venue-tours/

 

onto our next venture, we are amid construction, a two-story building that will be the home of our new tasting room and taproom. for those who haven’t seen the progress and its location, it is on our same property but on the left side of cabernet drive. a few details about the construction… the top level will
be the new location of our tasting room. it will boast a large deck both covered and uncovered so you will have the same
un-interrupted views as before, and the floor will be waterproofed so that the lower level can enjoy outdoor patio/covered seating as well.  adirondack chairs are also available in the lawn.
 


 





the wine list



upcoming events



stay connected



in the spotlight



our locations



get social































											sign up for news & events
											

email*


 














































