



 



   

diesel engines and gas engines

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





click here to bookmark our website!





diesel engines, gas engines, fuel  injection systems for industrial, agricultural, truck & marine





          

































 

	 


 

   





 diesel 
	engines and gas engines are our speciality. renew, re-use and recycle - 
	that's our philosophy at jobbersinc.com! by purchasing reconditioned or 
	surplus new units you can save thousands and become part of the growing and 
	profitable trend of using renewable resources to help the environment! 
	we have over 100,000 square feet of warehousing full of surplus new, 
	reconditioned and used diesel & gas engines for marine, agricultural, truck 
	and industrial use. 


	we specialise in 
allis chalmers, 
caterpillar, climax,
      
	continental,
      cummins, 
	detroit diesel,
deutz, hercules, 
	international harvester,
john deere,
    mack, massey ferguson,
      mercedes, 

perkins,

waukesha  
 
	engines.

 our warehouses 
	are full of fuel injection pumps and
    injectors, turbochargers, 
	crankshafts, cylinder heads, engine parts, blocks and castings for diesel 
	engines and gas engines. 
we 
	provide cost effective alternatives to replacing older but still productive 
	equipment and handle a complete range of new and good used diesel fuel injection test
    equipment. 


    check 
	out our 
industrial,
      agricultural, 
      truck
        and  marine engine and parts pages. we 
	even sell new and used
    generator sets up to 1000kw!


    100,000 + square feet of warehousing full of heavy duty diesel engines and 
	parts, machinery and equipment!  check out 
	our shipping department. 
engines, fuel systems, 
	parts, expert services and more!


renew, re-use and recycle! join the thousands of satisfied customers 
	who use us. we'll give you knowledgeable, friendly, professional service at 
	competitive pricing to keep you in business. 



    check out our latest videos on: 
 
for great deals on in-stock items contact us now!



phone: 215 236 8500     
	 
fax:215 236 8504  
             
	


	email:  


	info@jobbersinc.com                
	

1601 fairmount ave, philadelphia pa 19130, usa



	business hours 9.00am - 5.00pm est

copyright © 2003-19 jobbersinc.com, philadelphia pa. usa  diesel and gas engines





diesel, diesel engine, diesel engines, detroit diesel, cummins
diesel, cummings diesel, marine diesel engine, diesel power, diesel motor,
diesel engine repair, diesel exhaust, diesel engine part,
used diesel engine, turbo diesel, 6.2l diesel, diesel part, marine diesel,
small diesel engine, rebuilt diesel engine, caterpillar, cummins, detroit, cummings diesel engine, rebuilt diesel engine, remanufactured diesel engine,, scania v8, scania engine, gm diesel engine, cat diesel engine, diesel engine spare, 6.5 diesel engine, turbo diesel engine,
diesel fuel engine,




