



j. david’s custom clothiers | men’s clothing in santa clarita























call
			
 
look good. feel good.

661.529.2111










home

the store

25 by j. david's

products & services

see who wears

our videos

hours & location





24201 valencia blvd., #3840 
				

valencia ca, 91355


 
 






















    

				leave thefirst impressions to us

the rest is up to you
view our location & store hours
    


scroll



santa clarita custom clothiers
the clothing experience designed with you in mind
style is about more than wearing the “right” clothes or picking
	 the “right” outfit for an event. style is about using what
	 you wear to make a statement. the color, cut, and look of your clothing
	 should tell everyone who you are—not where you shop. at j. david’s
	 custom clothiers, we’re crafters of style. our stylists and master
	 tailors use decades of clothing experience and trend expertise to give
	 you a look that’s completely your own—highlighting your best
	 features and presenting your unique taste through the highest quality pieces.
whether you’re looking for a new tie or belt or you’re looking
	 to get a fitted tux, j. david’s has the pieces to ensure you stand
	 out from the crowd. and we make sure you enjoy yourself while you do it.
	 relax in our lounge. browse our inventory. ask us questions about what
	 goes well with your skin tone, your build, or your favorite colors. we’re
	 here to help you make an impression—and that begins with your reflection.
	 we serve people from all over los angeles at our santa clarita storefront.








how can we help you today?









custom tailoring
if you go out and you don’t get a compliment on your suit, we didn’t
						 do our jobs.
learn more







alterations
we do both men & women’s clothes no matter where you purchased them.
learn more







weddings & proms
we understand the importance of life’s milestones - we also know
						 the importance of style.
learn more







25 by j. david's line
learn about david stroud & the clothing line inspired by his story
						 of hope, strength, and true grit.
learn more
















tailoring your style
one stitch at a time
in a world of mass manufacturing, j. david’s believes that having
					 a personal style is more important than wearing what everyone else is.
					 being an individual comes from choosing to be truly individual, to stand
					 apart from the crowd, to cut through the noise. when it comes to standing
					 out—whether it’s at a prom, for a meeting, or on the street—the
					 details matter. everything in our service, from our relaxing fitting lounge
					 to our no-pressure sales floor to our lifetime tailoring policy, stems
					 from the belief that good clothing brings out the best in you. 

					ultimately, that’s our business—dressing you as the best version
					 of yourself. and as you know, dressing the part is the first step to
					becoming the part.

learn more about the store






the process
we're truly purveyors of perfection





  
  



i.choose your details
our experienced clothiers will assist you to in selecting every detail
								 of your suit. from the fabric to the buttons or the color of the threads. *


  
  




  
  



ii.measurements
did you know there are 16 measurements for the shirt alone? at j. david’s
								 we’re all about the fit. our clothiers can measure up to create
								 the suit made just for you.


  
  




  
  



iii.receive your clothing
when your suit is complete, it will be pressed & dry cleaned. then
								 our clothiers will reach out to arrange for you to pick it up or have
								 a staff member deliver it to you at your convenience.


  
  




  
  



iv.free alterations for life
your clothes should live and breathe as you do. we offer our customers
								 free alterations for anything you purchase from our store.


  
  









* details not your thing? not to worry! you can simply select the fabric and let us do the rest.
					 put our recommendations and expertise to the test.
				 
learn more about tailoring












“j. david’s to me is building relationships...one stitch at a time.”
						
david guenther, president
play




about the 25 j. david's clothing line
						
david guenther, president
play




“we’d do anything for our customers. no questions asked. period.”
						
david guenther, president
play




get to work with scorpion | episode 6 - featuring j. david's custom clothiers
						
scorpion
play














testimonials
our customers mean everything to us









“one of the nicest suits i’ve ever seen.”
queen of england,
							upon seeing joe cocker’s suit



“david, thanks for the great clothes!”
chuck osborne,
							defensive lineman for the st. louis rams & oakland raiders



“the best suits and phenomenal service.”
rustin kretz,
							president of scorpion
















preparing you for life's milestones
look your best in the moments you'll remember best
what we at j. david’s perhaps cherish the most about our profession
				 is the honor of helping people get ready for the milestones in their lives.
				 whether you have a prom, a wedding, or another form of upscale event that
				 requires your best look, our expert clothiers are thrilled to help you
				 find it. lifelong relationships certainly are treasures of ours – like
				 the suits we tailored for a young man appearing at a wedding as a ring
				 bearer, taking his first date to the prom, and later marrying the love
				 of his life. whatever your occasion, it matters to you. and this is all
				 we at j. david’s need. 



tuxedo rentals


weddings & proms


alterations





give the gift of
a custom experience!
a gift certificate to j. david's custom clothiers is always an appreciated
	 present - and it can be a personal one, too. available in any denomination,
	 j. david's gift certificates can be professionally wrapped for beautiful
	 presentation. you may gift them in monetary sums or for specific items,
	 like custom shirts or suits.

get more details









good for the sole
taking care of our customers from head to toe
our master shoe shiners are available 7 days a week to take drop-offs,
	 and on tuesdays and saturdays from 11 am to 4 pm, we invite you to stop
	 by for same-day shoe shining. momentarily ignore your busy schedule, set
	 down your shopping bags, and enjoy the solace of our shop. have a drink
	 while you peruse high-end fabrics. meanwhile, our specialists will be
	 dipping your favorite pair of shoes into our fountain of youth.
our shoe shine services














have a question or just want to say hello?
don't be shy.




name



									please enter your name.
								



email



									this isn't a valid email address.
								

									please enter your email.
								



phone



									this isn't a valid phone number.
								

									please enter your phone number.
								

									you entered an invalid number.
								



message



									please enter a message.
								




submit information






where we hang our coats:


j. david's custom clothiers
santa clarita custom clothiers
24201 valencia blvd.,
								#3840 
							

valencia,
							ca 
91355

(661) 529-2111
map & directions [+]

http://www.jdavids.com/



hours:



		monday11 a.m. to 8 p.m.


		tuesday11 a.m. to 8 p.m.


		wednesday11 a.m. to 8 p.m.


		thursday11 a.m. to 8 p.m.


		friday10 a.m. to 8 p.m.


		saturday10 a.m. to 8 p.m.


		sunday11 a.m. to 6 p.m.


for your convenience, appointments are available in-store or at your home
		 or office. j. david's staff is proud to serve clientele throughout the
		 united states. please contact us for out-of-area appointments.












the store


25 by j. david's


product & services


see who wears


store hours & location



  




copyright © 2025 j. david's custom clothiers all rights reserved. 














