







soniclear - digital recording, notetaking, transcription









































  































































              home
            

              products
            

              resources
            

            support
          

            contact
          

            626.584.9706
          








































































homeproductsresourcessupportcontact626.584.9706





































































 

digital recording and transcription



soniclear delivers recording and transcription solutions for governments, courts, and businesses. record meetings and hearings with digital clarity and reliability. manage recording archives and automate the production of meeting minutes and verbatim transcripts.

 




 


    see all products
  




    contact a product consultant
  




    request a quote
  

  






































































 

digital audio and video recordingsoniclear software captures clear, digital recordings of audio and video. in-person, remote and hybrid applications are supported with options for recording in any setting. soniclear tailors the combination of software and hardware needed for your application to create a complete solution. more than just recording, soniclear creates a detailed, permanent document of every detail. note taking features allow you to easily annotate events as they occur.advanced transcriptionsoniclear utilizes cloud-based ai technology to quickly and accurately create meeting minutes and legal transcripts. you can effortlessly generate summary minutes, action minutes, or verbatim transcripts directly from any audio recordings, including soniclear recordings. hours of recordings can be converted to text in mere minutes, with just a few clicks.government meetings: produce action or summary meeting minutes quickly.court reporting: produce verbatim transcripts with speed and precision.new soniclear 10 and transcriber 10 prosoniclear is windows-based software for digitally recording and transcribing meetings, administrative hearings, court sessions, depositions, and interviews. all all our products have been upgraded to take advantage of the latest ai technology. soniclear software and hardware systems are tailored to meet your individual application requirements. see all productscustomized solutionsconsult with our product experts to create a configuration to match your exact requirements. soniclear can be purchased as a complete, customized recording system. microphone and sound system configurations are tailored for your specific applications, using hundreds of available audio products. 20 years of innovationsoniclear software and systems provide the latest in digital audio and video recording, along with advanced note taking, transcription, and archiving features. proven by over two decades of daily use by customers, you can depend on soniclear for the features and technology you need. 




    contact a product consultant
  

  

used in all 50 united states and worldwide

 











 























 


“soniclear software has worked like a charm for the past five years and i am always confident that i will have a crystal clear recording.”

— lenora, youngsville, la

 


    more about our customers
  



read articles and news about soniclear














    soniclear news
  

 




 

recording and transcription software for windows

  











transcriber 10















gov recorder 10















court recorder 10















meeting recorder 10















interview recorder 10



  


    see all products
  




    contact a product consultant
  




    request a quote
  

  






soniclear



overview



solutions



customers



featured

































soniclear
4 e. holly st. suite 211,
pasadena, ca 91103,
usa
626-584-9706
info@soniclear.com


hours
mon 8:30am - 5:00pm
tue 8:30am - 5:00pm
wed 8:30am - 5:00pm
thu 8:30am - 5:00pm
fri 8:30am - 5:00pm




products
software products
microphones
custom microphones
video
accessories
complete systems
training
solutions
record meetings
take minutes
transcribe meetings
cities & counties
courts
school boards
government departments
court reporting
public meetings
routine interviews
conferences
hybrid meetings
resources
product literature
product manuals
software comparison chart
dealers
customer list
example recordings
support
support information
soniclear news
support request form
cloud account request
soniclear manuals
current release & history
annual software support
usb key license features
windows compatibility
system crash recovery
troubleshooting
licensing & legal info
about soniclear
626.584.9706
contact
about us
privacy policy
purchase policy
support policy





soniclear®, trio systems, meeting recorder 10, gov recorder 10, transcriber 10, court recorder 10, tablet recorder and voiceboost are trademarks of soniclear.all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © copyright soniclear 2024














