

home page of marat fayzullin












fmsx


vgb


vgba


ines


mg


colem


speccy


almostti






windows


android


symbian


how?


who?


tell!







marat fayzullin



my resume


i have got my phd degree in
computer science from the
university of maryland in college park,
worked for intel inc. for a while, and
am now doing software consulting work for different clients. i am always 
open to new job opportunities though, contract or otherwise. if you are 
interested in hiring me, please, see my
resume. i have also written several freeware and
shareware emulators of old computer systems 
and game consoles and maintain a variety of web pages that you will find 
linked below.


at this site

web pages



computing history page


computer emulation resources


nintendo gameboy page


#russian irc channel homepage
(ancient)


msx page





emulators




computer emulation resources

portable emulators of z80 and 6502 cpus that my other emulators are based 
upon, sound chip emulators, tools, as well as other assorted source code 
and information.



fmsx

fmsx emulates msx, msx2, and msx2+ 8-bit home computers. fmsx is written 
in c and successfully ported to amiga, macintosh, pc (msdos and windows 
versions), and other platforms by a dozen of different people around the 
net. the original version has been developed on unix.



virtual gameboy

virtual gameboy (vgb) is an emulator of gameboy and gameboy color portable 
videogame systems produced by nintendo. virtual gameboy is written in c 
and therefore can be run on any sufficiently fast system, given the 
hardware-dependent drivers for display and keyboard.



colem

colem is an emulator of the old colecovision videogame console. it is 
basically a simplified version of fmsx, as colecovision has almost the 
same hardware as msx1.



ines

ines emulates an old 8-bit nes (also known as famicom or dandy) console 
from nintendo that has been very popular all over the world, albeit under 
different names.



mastergear

mastergear emulates several 8-bit sega consoles and home computers: the 
old sg1000 / sc3000 / sf7000 family, the mastersystem, and the portable 
gamegear. mastergear is using the same z80 emulation as fmsx and colem.



virtual gameboy advance

virtual gameboy advance (vgba) emulates the newer gameboy advance handheld 
console from nintendo. equipped with a 32-bit arm cpu and snes-derived 
graphics chip, gba is not easy to emulate in software, but it can be done 
:).



speccy

portable sinclair zx spectrum emulator. speccy runs software written
for 48k and 128k spectrums and timex sinclair computers. it also supports
many hardware addons, such as joysticks, mice, printers, etc.



almostti

portable emulator of graphing calculators from texas instruments.
almostti currently supports ti82, ti83, ti83+, ti85, and ti86
calculators from texas instruments.





usenet faqs (old)



at some point in my life, i maintained several usenet faq documents. other 
people have taken over the maintenance of these faqs since then. for
historical purposes, i am providing the original faqs below:



msx.faq

faq about msx computers from comp.sys.msx.
i have been maintaining this faq for a while, as nobody else has taken the 
job.



gameboy.faq

faq about nintendo gameboy portable videogame console from
rec.games.video.nintendo.
after a while, it turned into a separate web site.



spectrum.faq

faq about sinclair zx spectrum computers from
comp.sys.sinclair.
damien bourke has eventually taken over its maintenance.





ham radio control software (old)


 scannow for aor ar8000
 scannow is a program to control a radio scanner from the computer.
     it takes very small screen estate and disk space, but includes a
     lot of features one would expect from a much bigger program. only
     ar8000 scanner is supported at the moment.





amiga software (ancient)


 wbgames 2.5
 six simple games which can be played on any public screen: tetris, 
     columns, 15, minesweeper, boxman (soukoban clone), and boulder 
     (boulderdash clone).  picture 
     included.

 dashboard 1.7
 a utility showing cpu load and memory usage with two nice gauges 
     (a la xload).  picture 
     included.

 superdashboard 1.1
 a newer version of dashboard which also includes system structures 
     browser and real-time zoom.  picture 
     included.

 protector 1.2
 password protection for amiga. this program is supposed to be run 
     in startup sequence before any other program. it opens a screen 
     and displays a login window on it. program supports multiple users 
     and logging.  picture  included.





periodically maintained by marat fayzullin [marat at komkon dot org]


