










scuba, freediving gear and training | lighthouse diving center







































































































skip to content







					    | login



















					the pacific northwest's premier scuba and freediving gear supplier and dive training company.				



locations

lynnwood university place (tacoma)
instruction

freediver course beginning open water scuba diver courses refresher scuba course continuing education courses

advanced course drysuit course nitrox course 
 class schedule
online store

training exposure suits gear freediving
service

available services service & repair price list recalls
rentalsdive tripscontact

contact us job opportunities
toggle website search










menu
close






locations

lynnwood
university place (tacoma)


instruction

freediver course
beginning open water scuba diver courses
refresher scuba course
continuing education courses

advanced course
drysuit course
nitrox course


class schedule


online store

training
exposure suits
gear
freediving


service

available services
service & repair price list
recalls


rentals
dive trips
contact

contact us
job opportunities








 








home




















we have a new booth design
so come check us out at
east 709 of the 
seattle boat show



discover the wonder
learn to dive, explore the underwater world
 learn more
beginning scuba schedule



extend your
diving skillset
view advanced courses



lighthouse freediving & spearfishing
courses
equipment



enjoy your dive adventure
in comfort
with your own top of the line gear
browse our selection
we will match competitor prices



commercial
dive gear
quality you can trust
contact us today
see our selections



join us on one of our diving adventures
more information
planning a local dive?
check out our dive planning resources

or




















































						scuba & freediving courses​					

						lighthouse diving center is one of the oldest dive schools in the united states offering top notch scuba and freediving courses. many dive industry professionals originally learned  diving from lighthouse, or were former employees of lighthouse. 					


						learn more					


















						huge gear selection					

						lighthouse has the best and largest inventory of any dive store in the northwest with huge selections and great prices. we carry only the top brands in the scuba industry and lead with brands that conceive, design, manufacture and distribute their own original products (see brand list below).​					


						visit our online store					


















						reliable fast repairs					

						we service everything we sell, and then some. our service and repair facility is so well respected in the industry; a few major manufacturers asked us to help with product testing and r&d. some of the products now available were tested in our facility when they were still prototypes!					


						read more					


















						dive travel					

						join us on one of our dive trips and enjoy an experience unlike any other.  our trips provide unique experiences across the globe including some local treasures of the pacific northwest.					


						upcoming trips					















why choose lighthouse diving center? 














 




							knowledgeable, friendly sales staff						


we love diving and we want you to enjoy it too! that's why we use a no-pressure sales strategy in every store you visit. 









 




							fast service, reliable results						


most repairs done in a few days. our life support equipment technicians are certified by all top manufacturers. 









 




							comprehensive dive courses						


our courses are the most comprehensive compared any other shop in the pnw. we let you experience the science behind diving and give you time to build your skills before your open water dives.					









 




							uncompromising commitment to quality						


we're one of the oldest surviving dive shops in the pnw for one reason: consistent, reliable quality in gear, service, and instruction. 













 




							gear available for every need						


we have a huge selection of the best quality recreational and commercial scuba gear available at the best prices. 









 




							 the highest standards of equipment safety						


our team of service technicians has over 100 years of experience and are respected by manufacturers around the world..					









 




							the brightest instructors around						


when you sign up for a lighthouse scuba or freediving course, you have chosen a quality dive course dedicated to your safety and enjoyment. 









 




							 2 convenient locations						


we have locations near prominent tacoma and seattle dive sites along the puget sound for your convenience, each staffed and stocked for your every diving need. 















 




trusted brands we carry 





































 


 











 


 


 

 













subscribe for our exclusive deals! 











								first name							




								last name							




								email							





submit
















please feel free to contact us with any questions on how we can help meet your diving needs.we’d be happy to hear from you. 






call us today
























 




the pacific northwest’s premier scuba and freediving gear supplier and dive training company since 1972. 



lynnwood 



monday – friday: 10:00 am – 7:00 pmsaturday: 9:00 am – 6:00 pmsunday: 10:00 am – 5:00 pm 



university place (tacoma) 



tuesday– friday: 10:00 am – 6:00 pmsaturday: 10:00 am – 5:00 pmsunday: by appointment 







lynnwood 



13718 31st ave w, lynnwood, wa 98087(425) 771-2679 ⋅ fax (425) 771-5959lynnwood@lighthousediving.com 



university place (tacoma) 



7315 27th st w suite b1, university place, wa 98466(253) 627-7617 ⋅ fax (253) 627-1877tacoma@lighthousediving.com 










terms and conditions














privacy policy















 



 



 



 











copyright © 2025 lighthouse diving center, inc.    all rights reserved​














































