   quality flooring in auburn, ma | floor to ceiling      




flooring▼carpet▼carpet productshardwood▼hardwood productslaminate flooring▼laminate productsvinyl▼vinyl productstile and stone▼tile productsarea rugslifestyle▼kid friendlypet friendlywaterproof flooringour vendors▼daltiledixie homeengineered floorshappy feetmanningtonmohawknourisonphenixkitchen & bath▼cabinetsvanitieshardwarewindow treatments▼blindsdraperyshadesshuttersabout us▼historymembershiproom visualizerfinancingfind a retailercontact us

skip to content 



floor to ceiling.



flooringfloor productscarpethardwoodlaminatevinyltile & stonearea rugslifestyle flooringkid friendlypet friendlywaterproof flooringour vendorsdaltiledixie homeengineered floorseternallyhappy feetlandmarklifescape designsmanningtonmohawknourisonphenixkitchen & bathcountertopscabinetsvanitieshardwarewindow treatmentsshadesblindsshuttersdraperyabout ushistorymembershiproom visualizerfinancingfind a retailerfinancingcontact us



a completedesign centerwhether you are looking to update your flooring or remodel your kitchen and bathroom, we have the products you are looking for in the latest styles. 






browse flooringbrowse our wide selection of flooring to begin your next project, today!browse now
shop in storecome and see us in person today! we can't wait to collaborate with you.find a showroom
shop at homeshop our store from the comfort of your own home with our shop-at-home services. find a retailerwhy floor to ceiling?at floor to ceiling, we understand design from your flooring all the way to your ceiling. whether you want to update part of your home or completely remodeling a room, we have the products you need in styles you'll love. we carry quality flooring including, luxurious carpet, timeless hardwood, stylish laminate, durable vinyl, elegant tile, and trendy area rugs. we also carry functional, stylish cabinets, countertops, vanities, and window solutions, such as blinds, shades, and drapery. we can help you design the room you want that is perfect for your home and your family.we are here to help you define your style, from your floors all the way to your ceiling. at floor to ceiling, the only thing better than our selection, is our service. visit us today to begin your next home project. 

learn more
flooring productsbrowse our wide variety of in-stock quality flooring products from names you trust. whether you are looking for the comfort of carpet, warmth of hardwood, durability of laminate and vinyl, elegance of tile, or the finishing touch of an area rug, we have styles you'll love. 
 



carpet
 



hardwood
 



laminate
 



vinyl
 



tile & stone
 



area rugsour vendorswe carry flooring products from the most trusted vendors in the flooring industry. dedicated to the latest trends and innovative technology, our vendors manufacture a variety of products that will suit not only your style, but your lifestyle. we work with these vendors to select quality flooring that will meet your needs. 

see all vendors

more for the homebrowse our selection of countertops, kitchen & bath and window treatment necessities to help transform your house into a home. we have everything you need to upgrade and outfit your kitchen & bath and bring style and functionality to your home.
 



countertops
 



kitchen & bath
 



window treatmentsfinancing optionsstart your home project today with financing, subject to credit approval. *some restrictions apply.

learn more
visualize your roomtake advantage of our room visualizer tool to see how our select flooring styles will look in any room of your home. getting started is as simple as uploading a photo of your room. 

learn more
your location

search radius
10 mi25 mi50 mi100 mi200 mi500 mi
kitchen & bathwindow treatmentscarpethardwoodlaminateluxury vinyltile & stonearea rugs
floor to ceiling470 southbridge stauburn, ma 01501membership questions?(508) 762-1682

contact us
about floor to ceilinghistoryabout usfind a retailermembershipservicesroom visualizerfinancingfind a locationfind a floor to ceiling location near you quickly with our store locator. visit your nearest floor to ceiling for all your flooring needs and more.

find location
copyright ©2025 floor to ceiling. all rights reserved.site mapprivacy policyterms & conditionsaccessibility   our site uses cookies to improve your experience. by using our site, you acknowledge and accept our use of cookies. please read our privacy policy and the terms and conditions for more information.

close gdpr cookie banner


accept
reject
settings

close gdpr cookie banner


scroll to top                           

close gdpr cookie settings




privacy overview


strictly necessary cookies


3rd party cookies


additional cookies


cookie policy

powered by  gdpr cookie compliance
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
strictly necessary cookiesstrictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.

enable or disable cookies


if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd party cookiesthis website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
additional cookiesthis website uses the following additional cookies:(list the cookies that you are using on the website here.)

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
cookie policyfor more information about our cookie policy, please go to our privacy policy
enable all
save changes


