









guest house the white house of havre de grace maryland
















 









 




 welcome
  to the white house of havre de grace. it is a bed and breakfast, a guest
  house located in the historic downtown area, on a tree lined street, about a
  block from the susquehanna river. stroll down to the water to watch the
  boats, visit the shops, see the historic sites and dine in our local
  restaurants.
the white house is totally
  private and not shared with other visitors. photographs below take you on a
  tour of the white house of havre de grace, maryland.
location: 412 green street in
  the downtown historic district of havre de grace, just off i-95. parking in
  front of the house.











  
queen-sized bed
digital alarm clock
  telephone with local calling
  iron and ironing board



reading corner




 
dining table
cable television with vcr


  
complete kitchen
includes microwave, stove with oven, refrigerator/freezer,
  
  dishwasher, coffee pot, coffee, toaster
  sky light brightens room




 
bathroom
tub with shower
  blow dryer for hair


 
sitting area













rates
$90.00 - week days (sunday
  thru thursday - 2 night minimum)
  $100.00 week day single night

  $100.00 week ends (friday,
  saturday & holidays - 2 night minimum)
$125.00 week end single
  night

  weekly and monthly rates available by request.
  mastercard/visa accepted
  gift certificates available


$50 deposit required to reserve a room - credit card.
  total subject to five percent state sales tax

  check in time 2 p.m. or later
  check out time 11:00 a.m.
 
free wi-fi, central air-conditioning













 




the white house of havre de grace, maryland is a guest house,
  providing lodging and a getaway with privacy in the historic town of havre de
  grace, maryland, located in harford county not far from baltimore, md and
  washington, d.c.

  havre de grace, well known for decoy carvers, has a decoy museum. visitor
  attractions include antique shops, the promenade along the susquehanna river,
  fine restaurants, the concord point lighthouse, museums, boating, golf,
  hiking and fishing. the accommodations of a guest house offer more privacy
  than a bed and breakfast, a motel or hotel. the cozy cottage like setting is
  comfortable, clean and well suited to be used as a vacation house for an
  extended stay.




 







home / places to
  visit / how to get there / rates / policies / historic havre de grace
  / floor plan / images of
  havre de grace







 to make reservations call 443-553-7609
margaret barrow, proprietor




 mastercard/visa
  accepted




 gift certificates
  available




  email:
  information
 
e-mail: whhousehavredegrace@comcast.net




 




site
  map
copyright
  © 2004-2015 the white house of havre de grace
  412 green street, havre de grace, maryland 21078
  harford county, maryland
  phone: (443) 553-7609
  www.whitehouseofhavredegrace.com
  site created rosalie sommer june 24, 2015
  updated june 24, 2015




 



