






dormakaba usa | for every place that matters






























































































we're sorry but dormakaba does not work properly without javascript enabled. please enable it to
      continue.

are you in the right place?confirmor go to our group siteinspireproducts & solutionsproductsdoor hardwareinterior glass systemsentrance systemselectronic access & datalodging systemssafe locksmultifamily housing solutionsvacation & short-term rental solutionsvertical marketsairporteducationgovernmenthealthcarehospitalitymultifamily housingofficesports & entertainmentsolutionstouch-free accesshighlightsisc west 2025security support websitee-plex enterprise registrationspecificationservicesupport & knowledgesupport & knowledgepricingdocumentation downloadstechnical supportsoftware downloadscertified installerstrainingsupport site & online orderinghighlightsisc west 2025security support websitee-plex enterprise registrationaboutaboutcontactsustainabilityhighlightsisc west 2025security support websitee-plex enterprise registrationcareerscontactthe americasargentinaboliviabrazilcanadaenfrchilecolombiaecuadormexicoparaguayperuuruguayusaeuropeaustriabelgiumnlfrbulgariacroatiaczech republicdenmarkfinlandfrancegermanyhungaryitalyirelandluxembourgfrnetherlandsnorwaypolandportugalromaniarussiaslovakiaspainswedenswitzerlanddefritenturkeytrenunited kingdommiddle eastmiddle east & africamoroccoasia pacificaustraliachinazhenhong kong s.a.r.indiaindonesiajapanjaenkazakhstankoreakoenmalaysianew zealandphilippinessingaporetaiwan areazhenthailandvietnamgroup newssolutionsinvestorssustainabilitycareerabout usanswering your needs for a sustainable built environmentfind out moremaking the flow of people as effortless as possiblefind out moreintegrated access at every stage of the building lifecyclefind out morebalancing form  and function? we enable bothfind out moresustainabilityseamless flowintegrated accessaccess reimaginedour purposefor every place that mattersour purpose reflects the contribution we make to society: we are where our communities come together – from locations across town to locations across the world. at schools and universities, in stadiums, airports, hospitals and workplaces. we provide safety, security and sustainability, allowing people to move seamlessly and shape their lives the way they want. #foreveryplacethatmatters. watch the videodormakaba saflok systems security vulnerabilityan immediate mitigation solution is available for a security vulnerability associated with dormakaba saflok systems (system 6000™, ambiance™, and community™).security supportwhat we offerour comprehensive product portfolioyour building access control systems should be innovative, reliable, secure and easy to integrate. our comprehensive portfolio is exactly that, comprising cutting-edge door and access systems and services for your global application.productsdoor hardwareelectronic access & dataentrance systemslodging systemsinterior glass systemssolutions for places that matterfrom award-winning, end-to-end access solutions to industry best practices and straightforward installation across a range of markets and industries, we are your complete partner for door and access systems.airporteducationgovernmenthealthcarehospitalitymultifamily housingofficesports & entertainmentdormakaba in americawhen it comes to the safety and security of your building, you have to get it right.
but navigating the complexities of modern facilities comes with too many options. taking on the liabilities and risks associated can feel daunting. we believe it shouldn’t be so hard to meet the fundamental need of safety. dormakaba is one of the top access and security companies in the world. when you partner with us, you are never alone.
established in 1980, with the acquisition of reading door closers by dorma, dormakaba currently has operating sites across the united states, canada, mexico, and brazil. 
through a comprehensive product offering, dormakaba and our brands secure facilities, enable seamless flow, and provide peace of mind. from design to install and maintenance, dormakaba is a trusted partner,  enabling our customers to lead with confidence, knowing what matters to them matters to us.
0head office in indianapolis0manufacturing centers of excellence0service branches0employeesdiscover the world of dormakaba americasdiscovery centerdiscover the ways we partner with you, our customer, to develop and provide innovative solutions that solve your challenges and deliver improved efficiency. when you visit our dormakaba americas discovery center, you’ll have a one-of-a-kind experience that reveals how we become your trusted partner to make access in life smart and secure.book your visitwe build trust - every daybuild your career with usas one of the top three companies for access and security solutions worldwide, we make life easier, smarter and more secure. that’s how we build trust every day. discover how you can build your career with us!working at dormakabasee open jobseventssee all eventsupcomingpasttype of eventlocal fairslocal fairsfrom february 27 to march 1 2025fencetechfencetech 2025 is the annual convention & trade show of the american fence association. it is the premier annual trade event for manufacturers and suppliers to the fence, gate and perimeter security industries and typically draws over 4,000 professionals to one place. fencetech provides its attendees with unparalleled educational, networking and business opportunities, and allows them to make connections that will last a lifetime.salt lake city, utahfencetechlocal fairsfrom april 1 to april 5 2025isc west 2025isc west is the leading comprehensive and converged security trade event in the u.s. isc west is the premier destination to showcase innovation and discover what is new and next in the industry. las vegas, nevadaisc west 2025local fairsfrom november 20 to november 23 2025iaapathe global attractions industry’s premier event. turn ideas into revenue-generating realities, insights into actions, and push the boundaries of what's possible.orlando, floridaiaapaour other brandsalvarado - access the exceptionalbest access - you can’t get better than bestdesign hardware - fast, flexible, and field tested — that’s the design hardware waykabamas - keeping your most sensitive materials safe and secureread more about the world of accesscloud-based access control (acaas) solutions: the future of office securityread morethe emotional power of architecture: how buildings move usread moreis instagram changing architecture?read moreno-touch buildings: how agile construction transformed this office in spainread morethese 4 cities are striding towards carbon neutralityread morecircular economy in construction: why training and exposure are key for transitionread morecommon data environment (cde) for bim: 7 questions answeredread more3 ways smart algorithms are improving building security in 2021read more5 things to consider when choosing a service providerread morea year in review: top 5 architectural projects of 2023read moreproduct catalogserviceblogcareersdormakaba groupcontactgeneral inquirymediainvestorssustainabilitydormakaba groupprivacy policycookiesdisclaimerlegal notice © dormakaba group 2025 all rights reserved 


