







hahei - visitor info | accommodation | activities | services | cathedral cove














 


 








 home 
 hahei 
 stay 
 play 
 eat 
 art & craft 
 events 
 services 
 business a-z 
 gallery 



    












									welcome
							  

									to hahei beach
							  




									...time to relax
							  




									magic cathedral cove...
							  




									just around the corner...
							  




									...breathtaking coastline
							  




									...explore the wildlife
							  




									...play & have fun
							  




									...remember
							  








hahei is famed for its spectacular, pink sandy beach and being close to world famous cathedral cove...
come with us and   experience the many moods and stunning scenery of hahei and mercury bay.   go scuba diving and explore the marine wildlife in the hahei marine   reserve or explore the wonderful coastline on a scenic boat trip or a   guided sea kayak tour, dig your own spa pool at hot water   beach or enjoy a round of golf. hahei also offers a number of   tantalising restaurants and cafes to satisfy your taste buds. art   galleries and gift shops are spread across the areas as well as a wide range of accommodation such as bed & breakfast, motels, backpackers   and holiday homes  for every budget. 


















things to do...


scuba diving, sea kayaking, scenic boat tours, snorkelling, cathedral cove, hot water beach





    

where to stay... 
 bed & breakfast, self-contained accommodation, motel & lodges, holiday park, backpacker





  

 indulge yourself...
 cafes & restaurants, shops, art galleries, events, local services, transport, weddings





  




  




  









don't miss...


 hahei info










cathedral cove walkwayread more






hot water beachread more






all about haheiread more









 hahei map on google 




weather information 




tide information




news & events




hahei business directory



important phone numbers




















 accommodation
 things to do
dining/food






hahei services
 art & craft 
 business a-z






 news & events
 about hahei
 siteinfo  / sitemap





 










 â© hahei - new zealand  for more information about this website or to get listed click here
website by www.dreamland.co.nz                            





















