







funeral consumers alliance of western massachusetts






































































donate









                    menu                  





home
pricing

price comparisons
definitions of price categories
benefit resources
tips for saving $
prepaying options


options/rights

consumer rights
federal rules
state rules – massachusetts
how to file complaints
burial / cemeteries
cremation / crematories
home funerals
body donation
burial at sea and options elsewhere
rituals & services


planning/immediate need

when death occurs
planning ahead
who decides
fca planning booklet
directory of funeral homes


about us

mission / about us
join us
speaker for your group
annual meeting
sandy’s blog
donate
contact us


news

news & events
newsletters
signup for fcawm news (mailchimp)


 
















welcome! 
the funeral consumers alliance of western massachusetts is a non-profit, non-sectarian, volunteer-run educational organization dedicated to helping you make informed choices about funeral or memorial arrangements. we advocate for your right to choose dignified, meaningful and affordable options. 
we are not affiliated with or sponsored by the funeral industry. we provide consumers with information about rights and options for final arrangements. 

we are affiliated with the national funeral consumers alliance and with other fca groups; for massachusetts see funeralsma.org. we serve the four counties of western massachusetts (berkshire, franklin, hampshire and hampden).

we invite you to explore our website, using the menu (tabs) above, or following links (indicated by bold, underlined text). link examples:
    
consumer rights
tips for saving $
price comparisons (85 funeral homes in 4 counties)
planning ahead, or what to do for immediate need?
about us and our mission

please contact us if you have questions or suggestions. thank you!




















funeral consumers alliance of western massachusetts. all rights reserved © 2024 




























