












 



















home - the brain injury alliance of new jersey


















































































 





 1-800-669-4323


 info@bianj.org

























 about us

our story board of trustees our staff careers contact
brain injury

brain injury basics

types of brain injury causes of brain injury effects of brain injury signs and symptoms next steps 
prevention

fall prevention transportation safety 
abuse and brain injury

domestic violence child abuse elder abuse 
concussion

symptoms of concussion when to seek medical help treatment 

support

helpline individual/family support support groups peer mentor program camp trek family camp legislative advocacy

attend a meeting get advocacy news sign our petition 
support coordination
sports concussion

signs and symptoms how to manage who gets involved? prevention return to learn return to play
resources

webinars i have a brain injury for caregivers for professionals i have a concussion i have a sports concussion research blog
events

upcoming events calendar webinars 19th annual gala 43rd annual seminar for professionals regional trainings 2025 for health & human service professionals 5k run/walk/roll for brain injury awareness recap
get involved

donate now membership corporate circle workshops sign up for emails adopt a family holiday drive
 










bianj brain injury
resource center 
							
a free one-stop resource guide at your finger tips! 
available for download on google play store
& apple app store 
							 


support groups in 17 counties & statewide virtually  
							find a group 
							 


a sports concussion 
is a brain injury. 
							get the facts 
							take it seriously. 
							 


join us for
family camp!

 
							more info 
							june 25th - june 29th
happiness is camping
hardwick twp, nj	 
							 














give a little
donate now
get in touch
contact us now
view our events
get involved


upcoming events








february 2025



19
                            feb                        
brain injury caregiving webinar

                            wednesday                                                     

event detail

march 2025



01 - 31
                            mar                        
brain injury awareness month

                            saturday                                                     

event detail




04
                            mar                        
navigating dating & relationships after brain injury webinar

                            tuesday                                                     

event detail




06
                            mar                        
regional trainings for health and human service professionals

                            thursday                                                     

event detail




12
                            mar                        
regional trainings for health and human service professionals

                            wednesday                            , cherry hill public library 

event detail





        no event found!    






the new jersey traumatic brain injury fund









the new jersey traumatic brain injury fund provides nj residents who have a traumatic brain injury the opportunity to access services and supports. the fund purchases these supports and services to foster independence and maximize quality of life when insurance, personal resources, and/or public programs are unavailable to meet those needs.


contact us to learn more


how to get involved





monthly giving


make a donation 


request a workshop


register now 


get our e-newsletter


subscribe today 


upcoming events


sign up now 


connect with our virtual support groups.
form friendships and get emotional support.


find your group


   144047lives touched





   153cares program members





   513webinar attendees





   1470support group attendees





some of our success stories







allison was a typical busy and active young teenager when her life was interrupted by brain injury. at age 12, she suffered the second of two brain bleeds as the result of an arteriovenous malformation (avm).  she underwent a year of intensive physical and cognitive therapy, working hard to regain skills she had once taken for granted.  she went back to middle school with an aide supplied by the school district to help her navigate the day.  now 21, allison’s family is proud of her positive attitude, her adaptability and her willingness to try new things.  “she never gave up” says her father.  when it became clear that she could not go back to playing on the soccer team she had enjoyed so much prior to her injury, allison decided to try sled hockey instead – she rejoiced in the physical activity and loved being part of a team that competed in tournaments across the country. she took on karate, swimming and adaptive skiing – she embraced participating in new social and recreational opportunities.  allison takes great pride in her graduation from high school.  her love for animals has led to fulfilling volunteer work at a local animal shelter, where allison socializes the animals and helps to care for them.   she is currently looking for educational opportunities that provide training for work with animals, such as a veterinary technician or veterinary assistant.
allison’s family connected with the bianj cares program to learn more about brain injury and the resources available to people with brain injury.  “bianj helped provide guidance around disability and brain injury issues” noted allison’s father.  allison's cares specialist shares that working with her was an opportunity to not just share relevant resources such as support groups and bianj sponsored social events, but also to witness her positive and assertive approach to finding purpose after brain injury.
this photo was a special dance with allison and her dad at allison’s quinceanera celebration in 2018. her father says of the photo: “we were so grateful for this moment.”








for mike, competition is in his blood. as a 34-year professional race car driver, he possesses the resilience needed to get to the finish line and succeed. today, mike is striving towards the most important finish line in his life: recovering from brain injury.

mike sustained a severe traumatic brain injury in a car crash in atlantic city. the crash was witnessed by his wife, renee, and his 8-year old son. months after the crash, mike returned home to recover with his family, but they needed bianj’s help. “i was quickly supported and welcomed into the bianj family,” said renee. the family attended the first-ever adopt-a-family party the following december, where renee told staff, it was “the first time i saw my son smile since his dad’s injury.”

throughout the years, the family has received many services through bianj’s cares program. cares staff work to help them understand brain injury and connect them to much needed resources. they also attend school and doctor meetings with the family to advocate for their needs. mike is continuing his rehabilitation and is making progress in his recovery. he is determined to win this race for himself and his family.








shango was an energetic and creative 22 year-old student studying illustration when he was involved in a motor vehicle crash. after the crash, he spent six months in an acute rehab, then was transferred to a long-term nursing facility. while he has made some progress in his therapies, he remains in a minimally conscious state, unable to walk, talk or care for himself.

shango's family reached out to bianj cares seeking support and assistance for their beloved son. among their many concerns, they felt that the facility was not familiar with how to care for young people with brain injury, and they did not have the necessary equipment to get him out of bed. bianj met with the family and organized an in-service to train the staff which resulted in more appropriate, understanding care.

through the efforts of bianj cares, shango was finally able to leave his hospital room and go outside—and that day happened to be his 23rd birthday, where family and friends visited to celebrate. though he had exhausted his insurance benefits for physical, occupational and speech therapies, bianj cares was able to identify private funding for him to continue these services.








we first met lorenzo when he was struggling with uncontrolled seizures, aggression and drug use. he wasn’t involved in any meaningful activities and wasn’t on good terms with the family members he was living with. he was refusing to take his seizure medication or see doctors. after gathering resources from bianj and framing his challenges in the context of brain injury, lorenzo and his family members began a journey toward a new beginning for his life. he started regularly attending a day program, reconnected with doctors to help regulate his seizures, and became an invested brother and son to his family. he began using the tbi fund to meet regularly with a life coach who helps him practice life skills and serves as a weekly mentor. thanks to lorenzo’s family and support from bianj, he now has a better home life, improved family relationships, goals and the willingness to work towards them. through connection to the division of vocational rehabilitation services, lorenzo works part time with the goal to transition to full time work!









making someone smile is the most beautiful thing in this world.


join the bianj family today


corporate circle





we’re here to help. call 1-800-669-4323.



 








about bianj 
our mission is to improve the quality of life for anyone impacted by brain injury by providing support, advocacy, and information, while promoting brain injury prevention.






contact us
donate now
sign up for bianj emails
privacy policy
 







© 2021 bianj. all rights reserved





 





 









×
your ticket for the: home


















title
home


usd



























close
print









































































