  
 
  hawaii hideaways | luxury rentals hawaii | beachfront homes & villas         




skip to content

hawaiihideaways
about us
concierge services
contact us


log in



search for:


search





menu


hawaiihideaways
concierge services
about us




808-468-5176 





contact









search for:


search






log in







 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★hawaii hideawaysour mission: recommend and deliver a classic and memorable experience for an exclusive clientele.

view this property
view our holiday availability listclick below to view our updated list of available properties for the 2024 holiday’s.  the winter holiday’s are our busiest time of year, but we still have some wonderful vacation homes available.

view properties 
let us plan your getawayhawaii travel specialistsenjoy your vacations in style and enjoy rental homes at oceanfront locations through hawaii hideaways. we offer stunning luxury homes for rent. a beachfront rental property is fully equipped with all facilities and amenities you can imagine. families, business, and specialty groups alike enjoy this company’s private and stunning inventory of beachfront and oceanfront homes.learn moreour recommendationstop pick destinations

captivation





oceanfront                puako, big island
6 br | 6.5 ba | sleeps 14 | 7,400 sq ft
$6,500 - $14,000 per night

more details



paradise found





beachfront                kaanapali, maui
11 br | 10.5 ba | sleeps 26 | 11,000 sq ft
$6,000 - $25,000 per night

more details



sweet escape





beachfront, oceanfront                kilauea, kauai
4 br | 4.5 ba | sleeps 8 | 4,800 sq ft
$4,500 - $10,000 per night

more details

still deliberating?try our recommendationdo you want to book your holiday quickly and efficiently?do you want to be sure that hawaii destination experts will take care of every detail of your vacation? submit an inquiry or give your phone number. our representative will contact you asap and present an offer specially selected ro you. we have hundreds of properties in our inventory, not all are listed online.you can also call (808) 878-5642. you will be connected with the first available agent for immediate assistance. our hawaii team is happy to answer any questions and research our inventory for properties per your specifications.contact useach review has a personal story
amazing!i just wanted to let you know that our stay on oahu at honeyed jade was amazing. my family was blown away by the beauty of the house and the kindness of the property manager. we loved the house cockatoo, lola. she was the life of the party! thank you to you and iris for all your help and professionalism. it was greatly appreciated.erica a

oahu  honeyed jade

the house was perfect!we had a wonderful trip last week- thank you for all your help. the house was perfect! elizabethillonois

maui  
very satisfied!we truly enjoyed our time on maui! very satisfied customer! jim f

maui  realizing maui

if you are looking for the perfect house in the perfect location with the perfect hostsif you are looking for the perfect house in the perfect location with the the perfect hosts, you could not possibly find a better maui vacation rental.from the moment we contacted sunny, our every need and desire to create a dream trip was effortless.  she took care of shopping, dinner reservations and answered every ‘stupid’ question like a true professional.any small issue with the house was taken care of promptly by eric. always polite and understanding to our requests, he fixed things in a flash!and the home….gorgeousgreat location on the beachplenty of room(s). we had 7 people.great amenitiescleanmodern electronics and wifieverythingthe best of maui!harvey & sandy p


you were a delight to work withwe had a wonderful time at sail away and i recommended hawaii hideaway to dozens of people. you were a delight to work with and i will definitely use you again the next time we rent a home in the islands.

roseville, ca  
like a dreambliss doesn’t even describe our experience. it was almost like a dream. we are ready to do this again with hawaii hideaways – you guys are the best. everything was perfect!!!

amarillo, tx 

view all 153 testimonials 
recent postshawaii hideaways blog

4 stunning natural wonders to experience in hawaiihawaii is one of the most beautiful tropical locales in the world, brimming with rich culture, history, and staggeringly gorgeous […]
march 4

read more




which hawaiian island should i visit?hawaii is one of the most breathtakingly beautiful states in the country. unlike most of the u.s., hawaii is made […]
january 10

read more




how to hire a personal chef in hawaii  dreaming of a gourmet culinary experience in a private setting? our latest blog post gives you all the details […]
june 25

read more




see all posts

hawaii travel guidediscover hawaii's top destinationssubscribe to our newsletter to stay connected to the best places to stay and visit in hawaii.








enter your email address

quick linksblog
testimonials
privacy notice
our staff
press
concierge services
how to book


hawaii hideaways, incthe mission of hawaii hideaways inc. is to deliver a classic yet comfortable luxury product specifically designed for an exclusive clientele. we encourage families, businesspersons and specialty groups alike to enjoy our private, stunning inventory of homes.contact us2618 san miguel suite 383
newport beach, ca 92660
808-468-5176info@hawaiihideaways.com


 facebook




 instagram

© 2004-2025 - all rights reserved.  
hawaii hideaways               