









schilling horticulture i beautiful, sustainable landscapes





















































 

 















 


  menu

skip to content
home
about us

our philosophy
our awards
meet norm schilling
sustainability defined


our services

landscape design and installation
landscape refreshes and repairs
tree care
regular maintenance
consultation


photo portfolio

snwa award winning landscapes by schilling horticulture group
beautiful, sustainable landscapes by schilling horticulture group
we dig plants.


testimonials
resources

norm’s blog
norm’s videos
norm’s presentation handouts

what plants have taught me
overused, underused, and misused plants and the very drought tolerant garden
diy xeriscaping
irrigation 101: principles and components for residential irrigation
do this, don’t do that!
principles for successful gardening in southern nevada
sun city macdonald ranch
master gardeners presentations


norm’s articles

agave borer weevil and treatment
norm’s favorite desert trees
norm’s list of trees


norm on the radio – desert bloom on knpr 88.9
links
rabbit resistant plant list
how to kill bermuda grass


contact



 



 






















 

 

 

 

 
  art & passion in horticulture   






about us
one plant, one tree, one landscape at a time, schilling horticulture group beautifies the neighborhoods and communities in which we live and work. we strive to create and maintain the most sustainable and eco-friendly landscapes in southern nevada.

read more »








photo portfolio
a picture is worth a thousand words. view our photo galleries to see first-hand how we became the most recognized and decorated design and landscaping company in southern nevada.

read more »








our services
schilling horticulture group provides every service our clients need to create and maintain beautiful landscapes.  we offer a complete range of landscaping services throughout the las vegas area including henderson, anthem, summerlin, boulder city, and north las vegas.

read more »








meet norm schilling
norm schilling is las vegas’ favorite desert gardener!

read more »



schilling horticulture group, inc., established in 2003 in las vegas, nevada, is a landscaping firm owned by norm schilling of knpr's desert bloom. recognized for our snwa award-winning landscape designs and installations, our mission is to create and maintain the most beautiful, sustainable and eco-friendly landscapes in the valley. with an unparalleled expertise in desert plant care, we offer our horticultural services throughout southern nevada, including henderson, north las vegas and boulder. we also specialize in tree care, irrigation, hardscapes, repairs and consulting services. 


"schilling horticulture group approaches the design, installation, and maintenance of your landscape as a combination of art, science, and craftsmanship. we fulfill our clients' desires as we create and transform outdoor living spaces, strive for sustainability, and reveal the beauty desert plants have to offer" ~norm schilling   

 






 las vegas landscaping
our yelp reviews check out schilling horticulture group, inc on yelp 
 



 



like us on facebook! 



contractor license #57280 
 




home
about us
our services
photo portfolio
testimonials
resources
contact
 
		©2025 schilling horticulture group, inc.	


		schilling horticulture | powered by mantra &   wordpress.	
 










translate »






















