



















engineer | williams county, oh









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in











 












an official government website. 
                      here's how you know




 



the site is secure. 
                        the https:// ensures you're connecting to the official website and any information you provide is encrypted and cannot be seen by anyone else. 
                    






the .gov means it's official 
                        many state and federal websites end in .gov, a domain only used by government entities in the u.s. 
                    





 


 
 
 






    elected offices      departments & boards      services      our county      i want to...  


 

 

 

 

 

 












search







 
 
 




















 





staff




bids




drainage department





staff




permanent maintenance projects




ditch spraying




maps






highway department




sanitary sewer department




tax map department




map & survey's





1898 county road index




1977 tax map viewer




flood maps




stone records by section




recorded subdivision plats






gis hub




zoning




williams county regional planning commission




township association




employment opportunities





 




 
homeelected officesengineer's officeengineer












engineer		






responsibilitieswelcome to the williams county engineer's webpage.  the county engineer is tasked with carrying out a wide range of obligations.  we are responsible for the county's road and bridge infrastructure and their maintenance. the county has a drainage department, which is responsible for the maintenance of over 250 mile of tile or ditches.  we also have a sanitary department that provides sewage treatment to over 1500 customers.  our office works with the auditor and we host the tax mapping department due to the surveying and drafting component. the engineer holds an oath to use their integrity, knowledge, and skill to serve humanity for the public good.annual report2024 annual reportpublic records request/policyopen records policypublic records request formstaff directorybid projectsbelow is a link to the county's proposals and bid projects for the year.  postings for stone products, spray chemicals, and asphalt emulsions are currently open.bid postingssurveysour survey pages currently link back to our old website in order to utilize their built in search engine.zoningplease see the zoning page for all your zoning questions.employment opportunitiesplease check the job opportunities page under the engineer category for all open job postings.job opportunitiesthe engineer's office will accept applications year round and keep them on file for one year even when there are no job openings.  employment application consumer report for office waterconsumer report



 
 




 
 
 





 






contact us




					todd j. roth, p.e., p.s.
					
				
county engineer
email todd roth 

physical address12953 county road gbryan, ohio 43506directionsphone: 419-636-2454fax: 419-636-8687hoursmonday - friday8:00 am - 4:30 pmsaturday - sundayclosed

more information




  
 
 







faqs








does williams county have zoning?


how do i obtain a building notice?


how do i obtain a special hauling permit?


how do i pay my sanitary bill?


can i download gis data such as parcel information?


how do i obtain a driveway permit?




view all




/faq.aspx




 
 
 







quick links







odot - ohio department of transportation



ceao - county engineers association of ohio



oups - ohio utility protection service





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 





 














agendas & minutes








employment








directory










 
 














services








real estate search










 
 
 





 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







one courthouse square


bryan, oh 43506


staff directory



 






  
 



  
 







quick links







employee portal



board of elections



communications & emergency management



department of aging



family & children first









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



mission



accessibility



copyright notices



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 













loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









