










swan point cemetery - national register of historic sites



































































































funeral directors
upcoming events 1
contact us
 
































history

letter to sarah
founding & early years
notable people
brief history of swan point
175 years of milestones
our history video


the estate

art and architecture
monument restoration
etiquette when visiting
gardening services

the book of remembrance


interactive map
landscape features
nature
historical walking tours
photo album
enjoying our grounds video


cemetery

committal and memorial services
reception facilities
pricing
services
monuments and memorials
burial lots
advanced planning
our vision video


green burial

about green/natural burial
the ellipse


cremation

about cremation
the crematory
memorialization after cremation

columbaria
memorial grove scattering area
garden columbarium
stranger’s rest
urn and keepsake pendants




mausolea & columbaria

mausolea

garden mausoleum
redwood mausoleum


columbaria

cedar columbarium
garden columbarium
ivy and cypress columbarium
redwood columbarium




visit us
search




menu


menu

 








providence’s   historic   garden   cemeteryhere for the community 
since 1846
learn more
green burial,  the   natural   choicea natural process that
protects the environment
learn more
community mausoleumone of the most prestigious above-ground interment sites in rhode island
learn more
memorializing   your   loved   onea variety of settings for those
who choose cremation
learn more
a presentation by dr. david sloane, professor, university of southern californiathe past, present & future of swan point
watch video
artistry preservedhistoric bronze statues  recently restored
learn more
previousnext




welcome to swan point

established in 1846, swan point cemetery is a meticulously maintained, 200-acre garden cemetery located on the east side in providence. our beautiful grounds and buildings offer a peaceful place for visitors to seek inspiration, quietly reflect, or commune with nature. listed on the national register of historic sites, swan point is an actively managed, full service cemetery open to people of every faith and heritage. whether in the preplanning stage or when there is an immediate need for our assistance, our compassionate counselors take special care to be certain that each families’ needs, desires, and religious traditions are met.
we encourage you to learn about our rich history and see our beautiful grounds by watching our new video. then, plan a visit to see all that swan point cemetery has to offer.



our history. our grounds. our vision.watch new video



where memories live
for generations, families have chosen swan point as the final resting place for their loved ones. our beautiful grounds are an ideal setting to remember the past and seek inspiration for the future. swan point offers a distinctive selection of memorialization options including traditional burial, green burial and cremation.



learn more

short video












where history lives
a walk around swan point is a walk through history. monuments, architecture and the grave sites of prominent citizens that date back to the mid-1800s tell the story of rhode island’s past.




learn more

short video

interactive map





where nature lives
our 200 acres of natural beauty is home to hundreds of species of migrating birds and some of the area’s largest trees. lush gardens and well-maintained landscape make swan point a popular destination for nature lovers, bird watchers and walking enthusiasts.



learn more

short video

upcoming tours










planning for your needs
statistics show that two out of three final interment arrangements are made by widows. one of life’s most difficult decisions need not be made at a time of bereavement. families are encouraged to discuss burial plans pre-need so that personalized, unhurried decisions can be made.


learn more

short video

talk with a counselor



here for the community to experience & enjoy





interactive map




burial information & genealogy




reception facilities




watch our videos






— every life is worth remembering —


visit us
585 blackstone boulevard
providence, ri 02906
contact us
phone: (401) 272-1314
fax: (401) 272-3571



swan point cemetery is proud to be a member of these associations
american public gardens association
cremation association of north america
green burial council
international cemetery, cremation and funeral association
new england cemetery association
the rhode island cemetery association




hours of operation
office: mon – fri 8:30am to 4:00pm
cemetery grounds visiting hours:
april 1 – september 30
8:00am to 7:00pm
october 1 – march 31
8:00am to 5:00pm
the cemetery observes the following holidays: 
new year’s day, martin luther king, jr. – birthday, memorial day, independence day, victory day, labor day, columbus day, veterans’ day, thanksgiving day, christmas day



the official language for the swan point cemetery web site is english. please be aware that translation of our site’s content is an automated process powered by google® to provide a basic understanding of our web content. computerized translations are only an approximation of the web site’s original content. the translation should not be considered exact and in some cases may include incorrect language. swan point cemetery is not responsible for the accuracy of any translation using this service.

  


 ©  2025 swan point cemetery






scroll to top












