











currituck photo tours and travel information















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


activities















currituck vacation rental homes





outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide





2025 takeout and delivery guide
















hotels
for postcard-perfect long weekends, or full week stays that have exceptional access to indoor and outdoor pools, restaurants, and amenities, there's nothing quite like the convenience of a stay at a local hotel or motel. a number of area hotels have been welcoming guests for decades, and as a result, vacationers have come back year after year for the fantastic service and the million-dollar views.







vacation rentals
visitors are often surprised at the number and variety of weekly vacation rentals throughout the area.. vacation rentals are, in fact, an increasingly popular accommodation available to vacationers, and visitors will find that the sheer number of rentals available allows them to find an ideal retreat to fit their crew, from quiet condo complexes to brightly colored oceanfront sand castles.










currituck banks reserve


vacationers adore the outer banks for its unspoiled stretches of undeveloped shoreline, and some may not initially realize that this sporadic lack of development is completely intentional, and is the result of decades of careful environmental planning. while tourism flourished on the beaches, for generations, locals and visitors alike made inquiries and partnerships with government branches to ensure that certain areas of the outer banks would always remain pristine, unspoiled, and open to everyone.

corolla

map it









outer banks museums


the outer banks is rich in history, from the early explorers who first set foot on its shores 400 years ago to the groundbreaking first flight that launched modern aviation. every community has a story and a resonant heritage, and as a result, the outer banks is home to a number of locally and nationally renowned museums honoring the area's unique stories, culture and landmarks.










windsurfing the outer banks


while several of the outer banks' most popular sports seemingly flew onto the scene in the past decade or two, like kiteboarding or stand up paddle boarding (sup), windsurfing has been drawing water sports lovers to the north carolina coast for nearly fifty years. in essence, windsurfing can pride itself as being the outer bank's oldest, and one of its most beloved sound-based sports, and everyone from seasoned riders to windsurfing newcomers can catch an exceptional ride.








sailing the outer banks


vacationers will notice a handful of sailboats at every local outer banks port, either saddled up to the docks or breezing across the harbor, en route to the nearest sound for a cruise, or to the continent-spanning intracoastal waterway to continue a long coastal voyage. some vacationers are even in it for the long haul, docking for a summer or a winter season at a number of local marinas that offer all the comforts of home. clearly, sailing lovers of all varieties have plenty of options, but even newcomers to the sport can experiment with life on the water with a local sailing lesson, rental, or waterfront cruise.










historic corolla park


most all visitors to corolla will spend at least a sunny afternoon or two at the historic corolla park. this 39 acre site is home to three of the northern outer banks' biggest attractions, the whalehead in historic corolla, the currituck beach lighthouse and the outer banks center for wildlife education, as well as plenty of gorgeous soundfront grounds that are wide open for visitors to explore.

corolla
252-457-0128
map it









currituck beach lighthouse


the currituck beach lighthouse, located in the heart of corolla, borders the historic whalehead in historic corolla and still functions as a guide for passing mariners. at 162' feet tall, the lighthouse's first order fresnel light, (the largest size available for american lighthouses), can be seen for 18 nautical miles as the light rotates in 20 second increments.

corolla

map it











best outer banks sunrise spots


the outer banks is famous for its beautiful beaches and stunning views. one of the best ways to experience the beauty of the outer banks is to wake up early and watch a stunning sunrise over the atlantic ocean. with miles of pristine coastline, there are plenty of spots to catch a breathtaking sunrise. from carova to hatteras village, here is our list of the best places to see a sunrise on the outer banks.








chesapeake and albemarle canal


travelers along us 158 will cross the famous chesapeake and albemarle canal en route to the outer banks. this historic waterway, which was conceived more than two centuries ago, continues to be a useful route for commercial and leisure mariners who are passing through currituck county.










outer banks center for wildlife education


corolla, north carolina is a must see nautical village scented with the spray of the salty sea. it's located on nc highway 12 along a thin strip of land bordered on the east by the tempestuous atlantic ocean, and on the west by the inland waterway of currituck sound. corolla is home to the currituck beach lighthouse, whose beacon first beckoned to sailors at sea in 1875, and to art noveau whalehead in historic corolla, a turn of the century hunt club for sportsmen. the quaint village is also home to one of north carolina's natural history gems called the outer banks center for wildlife education. the center, which opened in 2006, is an impressive and marvelous 22,000 square foot interpretive center for young and old alike to explore the history and vast diversity of north carolina's wildlife.

corolla
252-453-0221
map it









currituck national wildlife refuge


it's easy to see why vacationers fall in love with carova. located almost literally off the outer banks map, while other towns along the barrier islands of north carolina grew and developed over the decades and became popular east coast tourism destinations, carova never really changed.

corolla
252-429-3100
map it











outer banks lighthouses


each of the outer banks five lighthouses is unique. for a beautiful view, visitors can climb currituck beach light, bodie island light and cape hatteras lighthouse for a small fee in season. it's an unforgettable way to see the outer banks! don't forget to bring your camera, as these unique structures and surrounding grounds are some of the most picturesque and iconic attractions in the area.








currituck beaches


 currituck county is effectively divided in two by the currituck sound, which creates two distinct and ecologically diverse regions: the currituck mainland, and the currituck barrier island beaches.










the 7 best beach & fishing coolers 2025


nothing beats an ice-cold beverage while relaxing on the beach. nothing is worse than reaching for an icy drink and finding your cans swimming. coolers are essential for family days on the sand. a good modern cooler will keep food and drinks fresh for days. in addition to beverages, fishermen rely coolers to keep bait fresh, and hopefully the catch of the day. walk onto any beach or pier in north or south carolina and you’ll see a plethora of cooler models and sizes. cooler technology has advanced rapidly in modern years. top-end hard-sided coolers can keep ice frozen for a week. soft coolers are easier for one person to carry onto a beach, but can still keep food cool for days. cooler materials and price points vary wildly, so we put together this guide with our recommendations for your coastal vacation.








outer banks swimming guide


swimming is a local sport that never goes out of style on the outer banks, and with literally miles of ocean and sound waters to paddle around, there's no shortage of refreshing locales to enjoy a dip. vacationers will find they have their choice of swimming destinations, from the fun and challenging ocean waves, to the shallow splashing waters of the sound, to the assortment of public and community pools found all along the islands.










the 11 best beach toys for summer 2025


here is a list of some of our favorite beach toys for kiddos. we gravitate to unique, high-quality toys that inspire creativity. some of these toys are classics, and some add a twist.








fishing in currituck


fishing is exceptional in currituck county due to the miles of ocean shoreline and the 30-mile wide currituck sound, which has the surprising distinction of being able to accommodate both freshwater and saltwater species.










stand-up paddle boarding (sup)


stand-up paddle boarding (sup) may be considered one of the outer bank's newest crazes to hit the water, but the sport itself is actually centuries old, originating in the hawaiian and polynesian islands as an easy-going mode of transportation from one waterfront beach to another.








currituck sound


currituck county is effectively comprised of more water than land, thanks to the 30-mile long currituck sound.













currituck maritime museum


take a day trip or an afternoon off the beach to explore the heart of historic corolla park, and you’ll find one of the outer banks’ newest and most noteworthy attractions, the currituck maritime museum.

corolla
252-232-6105
map it









whalehead in historic corolla


the prestigious whalehead in historic corolla has been a dominant attraction to corolla visitors since it was renovated and opened to the public in 2002. as part of the historic corolla park, the whalehead in historic corolla serves as a northern outer banks icon, and a living testament to corolla and duck's heyday as a secluded oceanfront retreat for the country's wealthy hunters and conservationists.

corolla
252-453-9040
map it









best surf fishing gear for 2025


once you have your coastal recreational fishing license in hand, it’s time to start thinking about gear. anglers will find tons of options when it comes to equipment for casting into the surf, from custom designed rods and reels at local tackle shops, to name brand varieties that are designed for multiple areas along the coastline. here are just a few of the most popular gear options for surf fishermen. keep in mind that there are endless options available, and your local bait and tackle store staff will be happy to point you in the right direction if you have any questions about what you’ll need for successful surf fishing in any given area along the north carolina coastline.








outer banks milepost system


many newcomers to the outer banks who are browsing the local restaurants, shops and area attractions online or in the local guide books notice an interesting addition to the standard address. besides the typical business name, street name, street number and town, many local businesses also include a milepost number. this may initially appear to be an odd notation to include, but on the outer banks, this is incredibly helpful to new visitors on the lookout for a specific restaurant or shop.








bells island


bells island is one of two populated "island" communities that are found in the currituck sound. small but easy to access and explore, the island is a good side-trip for visitors who want to uncover every corner of currituck county.

currituck

map it









knotts island & knotts island ferry


the knotts island ferry is a year-round free ferry that's managed by the north carolina department of transportation's ferry system. an instrumental mode of transportation for knotts island locals, and a fun on-the-water day trip for currituck county visitors, the ferry is accessible, scenic, and allows visitors to explore new and wild regions which are otherwise hard to access.

currituck

map it









best sunsets on the outer banks


the outer banks is known for its breathtaking sunsets. watching sunsets is a popular activity for both locals and visitors, and there are plenty of photogenic sunset spots to create special memories. here are the top places to watch a sunset on the outer banks.








the 7 best beach chairs 2025


you’ve made the drive, gathered the family, packed the cooler with lunches and drinks, and you’re heading out onto the sand on a bright summer day. you unfold your beach chair and snap, it breaks, or bends, or the rotting fabric rips. it happens to the best of us. we’ve checked dozens of chair reviews and features. here are our picks for best beach chair.








top 10 things to do on the outer banks


every vacation destination has its own unique draw to potential visitors, whether it's a national monument, a fantastic shopping or dining scene, or an exotic locale that's meant for total relaxation. many newcomers to the outer banks are surprised to learn that this destination has all of these attributes and more, and it can be hard to narrow down the overflowing list of "must-sees" or "must-dos" that have to be squeezed into a 1-2 week obx vacation.








scenic spots on the outer banks


there's a reason why so many aspiring and professional photographers flock to the outer banks. ocean sunrises, sound sunsets, and miles of quiet wildlife in between create some breathtaking landscapes, ideal for photographers, painters, or plain-old vacationers who love an astounding view.











select a city 



vacation planning guide


outer banks vacation rentals


outer banks jobs


outer banks hotels


carova


corolla


duck


southern shores


kitty hawk


kill devil hills


nags head


manteo


hatteras









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













