




















ma wedding venues: avenir, the lakehouse, the villa, saphire estate, & independence harbor




















































  














about
wedding planning
venues

avenir
saphire estate
the villa
the lakehouse
independence harbor


portfolio

events
venues


kind words
blog
careers
contact




 781.784.2400









































from intimate gatherings to lavish affairs! whether you’ve always imagined an outdoor garden affair or a glamorous ballroom experience, saphire event group has the setting and team to make your vision a reality. with over 45 years of experience in planning and creating special events, we have the skills and resources to ensure your event is flawless. our massachusetts wedding venues serve as a backdrop to some of the south shore’s most inspired events, thanks to a dedicated team of event professionals whose job it is to make sure you never miss a moment of fun on your big day. from set up until your last guest leaves the dance floor, we’re here to ensure that you and your crew have the best day ever.






seven unique settings
between five stunning venues













quintessential new england charm
exclusive estate on scenic lake massapoag in sharon
explore












old hollywood glam
stately ballroom with an opulent flair in walpole
explore











exquisite ambiance with endless possibilities
three timeless and distinct spaces in east bridgewater



grand ballroom
																						contemporary chic													



the tent
																						garden romance													



madera ballroom
																						rustic elegance													


explore












waterfront views & gardens
endless photo opportunities to capture the start of your happily ever-after.
explore












fairytale garden romance
an enchanting wooded escape to bring your dream day to life
explore






our unique services



wedding package
					    our full-service planning and attention to detail leaves nothing to chance. we focus on the big picture, so you can focus your energy on the dance floor.



in-house culinary team
					    whether it’s the signature cocktail you had on your first date or a custom hors d’oeuvre, our culinary team is ready to inspire your taste buds. 



personal event team
					    from the first tasting to the last dance, your celebration will be in capable and experienced hands with a designated team for your event, and your event alone.


learn more








we have nothing but good things to say about saphire estate! our event producer was such a pleasure to work with and made our vision come to life. the grounds at are breathtaking and the food was wonderful. all of the staff members make you feel like royalty and give you their undivided attention throughout the whole process. i wouldn't change a thing about our experience!
 avery & samuel bride & groom 

the villa exceeded all of my expectations. so many of our guests are still raving about how pretty the site was, and how amazing the food was! our event coordinator helped us every step of the way and the service on the actual wedding day was impeccable as well. if you're looking for a beautiful outdoor or indoor wedding venue with quality service (and food!), look no further!
 brooke & isaiah bride & groom 

avenir is an unbelievable wedding venue! the whole property is very modern, elegant, & glam. the staff is very professional & hardworking. my organized and patient event producer brought my vision to life & helped with the little details. the food was delicious, cooked to perfection, and received many compliments from my guests. whatever your vision is, this group will work hard to make it happen.
 janelle & tucker bride & groom  

highly recommend saphire event group and their new lakehouse location! the true excitement, organization and support from the team made the whole time leading up to the day and the actual wedding day run so smoothly! we were able to fully enjoy our wedding together as a couple and with our guests because of this.
 sheila & jack bride & groom  











read more









celebrating love in all its forms this galentine's
 





love is in the air💗 click the link in our bio t


 





when you find your person (and the perfect wedding
 





we are still not over the stunning decor from this


 





step into romance at saphire estate - where your w


 





your love deserves a breathtaking stage. book your


 





the lakehouse, where love stories bloom. celebrate


 





some of our 2025 couples got to enjoy a sneak peek
 





we are excited to announce our fifth wedding venue


 





we will never be over the photos we get of our sap


 


 









start planning now


name*phone*email*

date*

mm slash dd slash yyyy


  











δ















						
							faq
													



						
							careers
													




























 info@saphireeventgroup.com

 781.784.2400




			2025 © saphire event group. all rights reserved.
			designed by tpd design house



it's not too late!prime 2025 saturday evenings are still available at independence harbor!july 5th & 12th
august 2nd, 16th, 23rd, & 30th
september 6th, 13th, & 27th
october 18th
please inquire below.
contact us















































 


