






shta | sint maarten hospitality and trade association (shta)
























































































  






+1-721-542-0108
info@shta.com



facebook




x




instagram


 





facebook




x




instagram



 












home
about shta

board of directors
history


shta members & partners directory

accommodations
accounting and legal services
activities
air travel
associations
banking & financial services
construction / infrastructure
dining & night life
education
energy
environmental organizations
hr & labor services
insurance
it services
made in st. maarten
medical & health care
real estate / vacation rentals
retail
wholesalers
telecommunication / critical communication
travel agents & ota’s
other


advocacy

vision for st. maarten 2025


upcoming events

smart
smile


st. maarten accommodation hurricane manual
visit st. maarten / st. martin magazine
shta news
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 














are you visiting st. maarten?
click here to see our renewed visitstmaarten website!









smartsave the date
march 31 – april 4, 2025
click here for more information









calendar 2025st. maarten / st. martin events calendar
click here to view or download the calendar 









visit st. maarten / st. martin magazine contact us for more information
click here to view the magazine 









smile 
click here for more information









vision for st. maarten 2025by means of this document shta will try to show its vision of what an ideal sint maarten could like in 2025
click here to for more information









crystal pineapple award fundraising gala 
click here for more information!









st. maarten accommodation hurricane manual
click here for the manual 










shta is the largest private business representative on the island. the association is dedicated to bringing quality to all aspects of life on sint maarten. with the businesses environment on st. maarten evolving at a record pace, it is good to know that you have someone to turn to for questions, problems and most importantly answers.
furthermore the shta offers a number of direct benefits to increase your bottom line, employee satisfaction and service and socio-economic impact on the island. the shta has a proven track record of over 45 years of consistent and professional services to its members.
contact us for more information on how you can benefit from being a member of the shta, call our office at +1-721-542-0108 or email us at info@shta.com













smile stands for sint maarten innovation, initiatives & industries linkup event. the event serves as a platform for innovations, business updates and networking.







the saint martin / sint maarten annual trade show (smart) the largest travel platform in the northeastern caribbean for foreign tour operators, ota’s to do business with local hoteliers, dmc’s and excursions.







the crystal pineapple awards recognizes hospitality & trade personnel, organizations and associations, for their contribution towards the tourism industry, the island’s main economic pillar.







during the full st. maarten flavors month of november, st. maarten restaurants and bars offer a selected signature dish or cocktail combination for a fixed price of either $69,  $49 (three course meal) or $17.50.











the sun in shining in st. maarten – the wailers set to headline 45th st. maarten heineken regatta

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 17, 2025 | member news | 0 commentssimpson bay, st. maarten, february 10, 2025 – the st. maarten heineken regatta is proud to announce reggae legends the wailers as the headline act for its 45th anniversary celebration! the globally renowned band will take center stage on the final night of... 
read more 








st. maarten hospitality & trade association completes distribution of 2025 events calendar

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 14, 2025 | calendar | 0 commentsthis week, the st. maarten hospitality & trade association (shta) completed the distribution of its anticipated 2025 edition of its annual events calendar. the calendar showcases a vibrant array of events and activities throughout the year, capturing the essence... 
read more 








launch and free giveaway for soualiga colors this saturday!

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 12, 2025 | member news | 0 commentsfrench quarter, st. martin –the les fruits de mer association invites the public to the festive launch of a new coloring book, soualiga colors. the free launch event will take place from 9am to noon this saturday, february 15th at amuseum naturalis at the old house in... 
read more 








chta sends delegation to smart

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 11, 2025 | smart | 0 commentsthe caribbean hotel and tourism association (chta) has confirmed its presence at the st. maarten / st. martin annual regional tradeshow (smart), held this march 31st - april 4th. the delegations visit will serve to create awareness about the regional network serving... 
read more 








sxm doet project registration and funding application deadline extended

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 10, 2025 | member news, press release | 0 commentsnew deadline is february 14th, 2025, register projects via www.sxmdoet.com philipsburg, sint maarten – the sxm doet team would like to inform all community organizations that the deadline for project registration and funding applications has been extended to friday,... 
read more 








aqua mania adventures hosts third annual world stray animals day sunset sail to support st. maarten’s stray animals on april 4th

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 10, 2025 | member news | 0 commentssimpson bay, sint maarten – february 10, 2025 – aqua mania adventures invites animal lovers, advocates, and supporters to set sail for a cause with the third annual world stray animals day sunset sail on friday, april 4, 2025. this special event raises awareness... 
read more 








smart 2025 closes in on full attendance

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 10, 2025 | smart | 0 commentsbooth reservations for the 2025 edition of the st. maarten / st. martin annual regional tradeshow (smart) have outpaced the 2024 post pandemic comeback edition of the event. a week short of two months to go to the event still, 70% of "supplier" and "vendor" booths is... 
read more 








kidz at sea foundation kicks off second round of “zero to hero” engineer certification course

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 10, 2025 | member news | 0 commentssimpson bay, st. maarten – 7 february 2025 – the kidz at sea foundation proudly announces the launch of the second session of its “zero to hero” engineer certification course, providing six young individuals with a pathway to a career in the marine industry. this... 
read more 








smart welcomes edreams odigeo

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 6, 2025 | smart | 0 commentsfor the first time, edreams odigeo will participate in the st. maarten / st. martin annual regional tradeshow (smart)—a key milestone announced today by event organizers. as the world’s leading travel subscription platform and one of europe’s largest e-commerce... 
read more 








princess juliana international airport hosy annual new year’s gala to celebrate employees and achievement

by shta st. maarten hospitality and trade association | february 5, 2025 | member news | 0 commentssimpson bay, february 5th, 2025 – princess juliana international airport (pjiae) hosted its annual new year’s gala on february 1, 2025, organized by the pjiae ambassadors, bringing employees together for a night of celebration, appreciation, and recognition. the event... 
read more 





 









st. maarten tourism bureau

the official tourism website of dutch st. maarten (dutch side).



st. martin tourist office

the official tourism website of st. martin (french side).


chta 
shta is a member of the caribbean hotel & tourism association

caribbean society of hotel association executives
shta is a member of the caribbean society of hotel association executives
caribbean travel 
the official tourism website of the caribbean – caribbeantravel.com
caribbean employers confederation
shta is a member of the caribbean employers confederationvisit st. maarten / st. martin magazine 



all you need to know when visiting st. maarten / st. martin



international oraganization of employers

shta is a member of the international organization of employers


 



news
st. maarten / st. martin events calendars
contact us
visit st. maarten
 






facebook




x




instagram


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 




 


















