

















auditor | hancock county, oh








  















skip to main content






















 












search







 
 
 


    government      departments      how do i...  


 

 

 





 















 
homegovernmentauditor












auditor		






welcome to the hancock county auditor homepageit is my pleasure to serve as auditor of hancock county, ohio. as auditor, i serve as the county’s chief fiscal officer, chief assessor, chief payroll officer, and sealer of weights and measures. as fiscal officer, the auditor is responsible for maintaining county financial records, issuing warrants (checks) for payment of county obligations, and preparing the county’s annual financial report (acfr). as an assessor, the auditor determines property values for taxing purposes and transferring real property deeds. and, as a sealer of weights and measures, the auditor tests and certifies the accuracy of various commercial measuring devices, such as gasoline pumps, to ensure consumer protection.as auditor of hancock county, i am pleased to present the county’s annual comprehensive financial report (acfr) for the year ended december 31, 2023. this report conforms to accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap) and provides full and complete disclosure of the financial position and operations of the county. view the 2023 acfr (pdf).the hancock county budget commission will meet each tuesday at 11:00 am in the auditor’s office in the courthouse if deemed necessary.2025 hancock county dog tags will be on sale from december 1, 2024 through january 31, 2025. view more information.important fact: 2024 payable 2025 property taxes will not be available until the end of december 2024 when the state department of taxation provides the new rates. check the website at the end of december to view your new property taxes.hancock county board of commissioners passed the 2025 annual appropriation resolution.view the hancock county annual appropriation resolutions.hancock county auditor, charity rauschenberg, receives the ohio state auditor award with distinction for 2023 financials.photo taken in front of the new allan h. davis judicial centerstarting left: micah joslyn – a/p clerk; kristen stover – lead a/p clerk; lori brodie – representative of ohio state auditor keith faber; adam witteman – fiscal services administrator; charity rauschenberg – hancock county auditor; and kim boudrie – budgetary accountant. missing from photo is rhonda switzer – payroll administratorauditor of state award with distinction for 2023 auditdecember 4, 2024charity rauschenberg, hancock county auditor, is pleased to announce that the office and accounting staff was awarded the auditor of state award with distinction for fiscal year 2023 by the auditor of state. it states: “this award is presented for excellence in financial reporting related to the annual comprehensive financial report (acfr) and compliance with applicable laws for the fiscal year ended 2023. your exemplary reporting serves as the standard for clean, accountable government, representing the highest level of service to ohioans.” eligible entities that receive this award with distinction for a “clean” audit report are very rare. for this to occur as it has for hancock county is an amazing accomplishment as less than 5% of government entities receive this award. the auditor of hancock county, per ohio revised code, is the responsible party for the yearly financial audits and reports.auditor rauschenberg stated that hancock county elected officials, and their accounting teams, partner in providing financial accountability for our taxpayers.copies of the annual comprehensive financial reports are available at the hancock county auditor’s website “financial tab”. completed auditor reports are available at www.auditor.state.oh.us under the “audits” area.



 
 
 





 






contact us





					charity rauschenberg
					
				
county auditor
email charity rauschenberg 
phone: 419-424-7015



auditor
contact the auditor


physical address
view map 
300 south main street
room 21 and room 22
findlay, oh 45840








300 south main street room 21 and room 22 findlay oh 45840


directions


phone: 419-424-7015
fax: 419-424-7825


email the auditorhoursmonday through friday8:30 to 4 pm


directory




  
 
 





your home. your value. website



 
 
 





2022 hancock county cauv presentation (pdf)2019 hancock county cauv (pdf)



 
 
 





 gas skimmer informational brochure (pdf)



 
 
 




   
 
 
 



 





budget commission




data processing board




financials




fiscal officer





fiscal officer archive






licenses





cigarette license application




purchase / renew dog license online




vendor license






real estate





agricultural division




board of revision





property appeals process






cauv




forms




homestead




manufactured homes




property search




property tax estimator




property transfer





conveyance forms




property transfer information






tax rates




your home, your value (pdf)




special assessments






weights & measures





 





 














auditor property search








clerk of courts record search








engineer records search










 
 














probate record search








commissioner's agenda








recorder record search










 
 
 




 















 






  
 













300 s main st
 




findlay, oh 45840
 














  
 
 














home







site map







contact us







accessibility







copyright notices







privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 












government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 













loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









