









home
























stress and immunity cancer projects













investigator & team about the investigator meet the team collaborators lab 1993-present research current research published measures recent publications patient participation current studies patient resources join the lab post-doc staff graduate students undergraduate students current events & achievements current sicp activities and honors hot off the press! recent posters in the media gallery 


































 
 
welcome to the stress and immunity cancer projects!
our mission is to improve the psychological well-being and health of cancer patients through innovative cancer research. we seek to understand the interactions of psychological, behavioral, and biological factors, that is, the biobehavioral aspects of cancer. we study patients’ responses from the time of diagnosis forward as they continue on their cancer journey. 
our research has included the topics of stress and immunity, designing interventions to help patients cope with their diagnosis and treatment, sexual difficulties arising from cancer treatment, and others. we also study and conduct training for mental health professionals to provide empirically supported biobehavioral treatment to cancer patients.
 









are you looking to particpate in a current research study or join the lab research team?

this page is maintained by the arts and sciences technology group. for technical help please email asctech@osu.edu

© 2015 stress and immunity cancer projects. all rights reserved. 159 psychology building 1835 neil avenue columbus, oh 43210 p: 614.292.8429
		






based on ous university research students who had persuasive essays had highest grade and final mark for their case studies. very important writing research paper topics about cancer and medical studies following all arguments and knowledge getting real facts. to compose leadership essay student shall visit the library for a medical section and read minimum three books about the required topic. only in such case the real reflective essay may be written. however be a good student is not equal to have skills in writing, many students negotiate choosing the right argumentative essay topics, which may reflect on the final mark of the study. so the first about the med student should take care is cause and effect essay topics, and only after that all the rest, and the effectness of the right-chosen topic may be critical, so do not make a mistake a spend some time choosing the right things.







