













home | school of chemistry & biochemistry










































    skip to main navigation


    skip to main content














menu











              school of chemistry & biochemistry
            


              college of sciences











main navigation


about


letter from the chair


mission & vision


school leadership


advisory council


awards


employment opportunities


visit us


social media


internal




undergraduate programs


overview


academics


b.s chemistry program


undergraduate awards


award winners


descriptions




b.s. biochemistry progam


undergraduate research


overview


bagwell fellowships


bagwell fellows presentations


conference travel funds


undergraduate publications




5-year bs/ms option


courses & registration


prospective undergraduates


minors


advising


study abroad


careers


teaching assistantships


first-year chemistry program


advanced placement, sat ii, and ib credit


about


faculty & staff


resources






graduate programs


current students


overview


graduate program committee


graduate handbook


graduate forms


graduate courses


enrollment and registration


new graduate student resources


graduate awards


graduate student organizations




prospective students


degree programs


admission criteria


apply


contacts


faq




program overview


about


graduate programs


research themes






research


research themes


research centers


traditional divisions


facilities & services


conferences




safety


safety links


important contact information


emergencies


training & programs


safety procedures


material safety data sheet


resources


forms & signages


hazardous gases program




people


academic faculty - tenure track


academic faculty - instructional


research faculty


professors of the practice


adjunct faculty


emeritus faculty


staff




alumni & friends


giving


alumni & friends




give














search


search























home








attendees of the 10th annual school of chemistry and biochemistry graduate research retreat at historic banning mills, nov. 9-10, 2024. (photo by angus wilkinson)socb’s grad student research retreat – 10 years of fabulous science and communityfacundo fernández receives 2024 anachem awardvicki hopper wysocki named school of chemistry and biochemistry chair







 












 prof. matthew sfeir will join georgia tech in august, 2025schools of chemistry and biochemistry and materials science and engineering to welcome new georgia power chair in energy efficiency






news







new database revolutionizes protein-lipid research








                        dec 18, 2024  -  
                    
                                                from helping develop immunotherapies to teaching students, a new open-access database called biodolphin is providing fresh insights on lipid-protein interactions — a critical component of biochemical research.
            







college of sciences announces new leadership group for young alumni








                        dec 16, 2024  -  
                    
                                                the college of sciences launched its young alumni board, a volunteer-based leadership group that is tasked with deepening the relationship between recent yellow jacket graduates and the college. the inaugural board consists of 13 members who obtained an u
            







heck, xia elected to national academy of inventors








                        dec 10, 2024  -  
                    
                                                researchers honored for their innovations in ai speech processing and nanomaterials for medicine and electronics.
            







in a very close galaxy: how georgia tech researchers use earth analogs to understand space








                        dec 10, 2024  -  
                    
                                                georgia tech researchers explore u.s. terrains to understand space and life on earth.
            





more news






events










                                                    friday
                                            



                                                    february
                                            



                                                                                14
                                            



                                                                                2025
                                            


2:00pm
-
3:00pm


 




physical chemistry divisional seminar - prof. xiang sun (nyu shanghai)



















                                                    friday
                                            



                                                    february
                                            



                                                                                14
                                            



                                                                                2025
                                            


3:00pm
-
5:00pm


 




fossil friday



















                                                    tuesday
                                            



                                                    february
                                            



                                                                                18
                                            



                                                                                2025
                                            


11:00am
-
12:00pm


 




physical chemistry divisional seminar​ - dr. daniel tabor (texas a&m)​



















                                                    friday
                                            



                                                    february
                                            



                                                                                21
                                            



                                                                                2025
                                            


3:00pm
-
5:00pm


 




fossil friday



















                                                    wednesday
                                            



                                                    february
                                            



                                                                                26
                                            



                                                                                2025
                                            


6:00pm
-
7:00pm


 




under the scope: finding undergraduate research opportunities
























experts in the news







months after georgia chemical plant fire, residents still grapple with health issues


a chemical plant fire near atlanta last fall released a toxic plume that disrupted the lives of nearby residents. many still experience health problems and don't know what was released in the plume.researchers like greg huey, professor in the school of earth and atmospheric sciences, say early tests found other chemicals in addition to chlorine in the plume. they found irritants like bromine and isocyanic acid that can cause symptoms like coughing and wheezing. his team is analyzing more air quality data and expects to share the findings in the coming weeks.“this might help people know what they're exposed to in this incident. but more importantly, if ever something like this happens again, we might have better ideas what to look for,” huey explains.
 npr  








learn how climatologists help our understanding of weather over time


in this piece, zachary handlos, senior academic professional in the school of earth and atmospheric sciences, explains the work of climatologists, stating that “climatologists can take on a lot of roles. it’s important to understand the difference between weather and climate. so weather is the study of what's going on in the atmosphere right now. climatology looks at data for a certain day and compares it to what’s called a climate normal. what this means is, they take a 30-year period of data for that day, and from that baseline, say, ‘oh, the temperature today is above average or below average.'”
 augusta chronicle  








airborne lead and chlorine levels soared as l.a. wildfires raged


wildfires are becoming a bigger focus for scientists that study air pollution, said nga lee (sally) ng, professor in the school of earth and atmospheric sciences. ng is also the principal investigator of ascent, a new federally funded, national monitoring network that began last year to measure a wide range of air pollutants in real time. the readings from the los angeles area fires were captured at the network’s monitoring station in pico rivera, several miles from the active fires.
 the new york times   








more experts



























school of chemistry & biochemistry
georgia institute of technology
north avenueatlanta, ga 30332
                    
+1 404.894.2000

school of chemistry & biochemistry map
        









general


directory


employment


emergency information










legal


equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and anti-harassment policy


legal & privacy information


human trafficking notice


title ix/sexual misconduct


hazing public disclosures


accessibility


accountability


accreditation


report free speech and censorship concern














© 2025 georgia institute of
      technology



gt login






 


  
 













