






fruit and vegetable farm in the south hills | trax farms





































































 






















checkout
my account

0 items
 












home
departments

cider
produce
greenhouse
home & gift
garden shop
grocery
deli
bakery
arrowhead wine
craft beer
antique loft


events

calendar of events
fall festival


event rentals
farm history
loyalty
shop
contact us

blog


careers
 





select page


  
 



 



 














as farmers, we never get tired of the simple but satisfying pleasure of knowing what we picked this morning is what you’ll be serving this evening.

















































join our team!








all upcoming events








winter wine festival








"think spring" handmade craft show application







–
open daily 10:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. 
.
closed on easter, thanksgiving, christmas, and new year’s day
 


pets are not permitted













farming for over 150 years
passion for growing good food and bringing families together to enjoy it

for over six generations, the trax family has passed down the importance of quality, tradition and family. that’s probably why we’re one of the oldest and most-awarded fruit and vegetable farms in pittsburgh and the south hills. although we’ve been farming for over 150 years, we still have that passion for growing good food to eat and bringing families together to enjoy them. from our perfectly grown sweet corn to our fresh-baked, homemade pies or our delicious selection of convenient homemade deli salads, nothing brings the family together like great-tasting food. in the fall, your family will love our fresh-pressed cider, the best apple cider in pittsburgh. we make sure your family will find something to love at trax no matter the time of the year. as farmers, we never get tired of the simple but satisfying pleasure of knowing what we picked this morning is what you’ll be serving this evening.









hours of operation

monday-sunday: 10am – 6pm
 
528 trax rd. finleyville, pa 15332(12 miles south of pittsburgh on route 88)
phone: 412.835.3246
those who attend a trax farms event give their consent to have their photo taken unless stated prior to.






follow our trax

dont be shy! join the trax family email list!




success!



last name



email





subscribe
















followfollowfollowfollow





facebook updates



what people are saying










 


 wonderful spot for grabbing a special gift!				
 bam choreography3/22/2024 





 there are so many beautiful things at trax. and the food is awesome.				
 melba dibble3/22/2024 





 great variety of indoor plants, soil and treatments. fresh, in season produce as well as shelf stable foods. great area of toys and books for children. their seasonal decorations are always beautiful. overall a great place to walk around.				
 natalia suero de kerr3/22/2024 





 we go every year, love it here, lots of food and options				
 brandon bartoldi3/22/2024 





 neighborhood farm market as well as nursery then their wonderful gift department. need to add in all kind of specialty items in foods, baked goods and wine and beers.				
 lin pfister1/22/2024 





 i buy aquatic plants here for our little pond from time to time. the workers are very helpful and knowledgeable and always have good recommendations. the plants grow vigorously in the pond and i never have any problems.				
 john smathers12/22/2023 





 if you haven't yet you must check out the antique loft at trax farms absolutely packed with antiques and vintage collectibles all for sale!				
 jacob yuele11/22/2023 


 


 the apples are excellent				
 m k11/22/2023 





 this is one of my go-to plant stores usually but today i came for lunch with friends. had a very delicious sandwich! everything about trax is quality, i love it here.				
 keladry yanosky11/22/2023 





 1st time there. will definitely be back.				
 isola411/22/2023 





 go every year. family friendly great fun				
 bills faulkner11/22/2023 





 great place to shop for seasonal items for the home and great gift options.				
 annja f11/22/2023 





 we brought our kids for some fall activities, and even though it was raining off and on, we had a great time! the store is huge and full of flowers, garden products, various home decor and gift type items (i'll definitely be returning when doing christmas shopping) and there's a whole side with fresh produce that we didn't even get to! we got food from some of the various stands and food trucks, and ate at the wooden benches indoors. (i highly recommend the apple cider!) then, we took the hay ride up to the pumpkin patch, where there were pigs, goats, cows, & donkeys in pens, which the kids loved seeing! the corn maze was also up there along with buckets of bats & wiffle balls, a volleyball net & ball, ladderball games, a football, and bean bag tosses! even the adults got in on the fun and were tossing and hitting balls around! everyone had so much fun; it was a great family event!				
 alanna10/22/2023 





 great farmers market with just about anything you’d like, from crafty things, seasonal decorations, plants, fresh fruit and veggies, and all sorts of food. we meant to just stop in and ended up spending quite a long time there!				
 brian vinson10/22/2023 
















































 









navigationhome
events
pavilion rental
farm history
loyalty
shop
contact us
contact us monday-sunday: 10am – 6pm
528 trax rd. finleyville, pa 15332
(12 miles south of pittsburgh on route 88)
phone: 412.835.3246

 






facebook




x




instagram


designed by reimagine main street
icons made by freepik from www.flaticon.com is licensed by cc 3.0 by 







pin it on pinterest


 

 


























skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








