










aquaglow waterbeds sale on now heaters, mattresses, beds et








































































































skip to content 



 



search×


















login / register
wishlist






0




 









waterbedssoftside waterbedssoftside waterbed + fabric framessoftside waterbed + metal framessoftside waterbeds + wood framestraditional waterbeds
waterbed mattressfor softside waterbedsfor hardside waterbeds
water mattress kitsfor softside waterbedsfor hardside waterbedsaqua mattress / aqua pro mattress
waterbed heatersview all heaters
accessoriesair extractor pumpscleaners, bubble and odour controlconditioner liquidconnectors & kitsfilling & draining water pumpsfoam shouldersheadboardshose pipesscrew cap and sealthermal barrierunderbed lightingwaterbed drawers & bases & deckingwaterbed repair kitswaterbed safety liners
beddingmattress protectorszip covers for waterbedsbed sheetswater pillows
information centreabout usadvantages and health benefits!international customersbuying a waterbed here is a helpful guideblogcustomer reviewscontact informationdelivery informationdual/twin mattresseshealth linkshow to videossite & payment securitywhy choose aquaglow waterbeds?downloads 


 
                            sale                            



















get a waterbed today 
							are you waking up tired in the  mornings? 
							put that to rest! 
							and feel ready for the day. 
							 















                              the aqua mattress pro-£99.95 off                             


huge sale on the aqua mattress pro
                          order now                         








                              upgrade your mattress- big sales now on!                             


we stock a wide range of waterbed mattresses at great on sale prices.
                          shop mattresses                         














                              metal framed waterbeds                             


stunning metal frames only from aquaglow waterbeds 
                          order now                         








                              upgrade your mattress- big sales now on!                             


treat yourself to a lovely waterbed this winter
                          shop mattresses                         














                              waterbed conditioners and accessories                              


we stock a wide range of accessories at great prices for your waterbed.
                          order now                         








                              water mattress kits                             


upgrade your waterbed with one of our waterbed mattress kits today
                          shop water mattresses kits                         










phone lines are open 6 days a week
9am-6pm mon-thu
9am-5:30pm fri
9am-2pm sat
 





low prices
& high quality



fast delivery
to work or home



quick sales line
01772 312372



friendly advice
01772 301922


 




advantages of our waterbeds!
unlike spring or foam mattresses which create “pressure points” on areas of greatest weight concentration. aquaglow waterbeds have thought about how we can help with this. the aqua pro waterbed contours to the exact shape of your body giving you total and even body support.
as a result you will improve your blood circulation. rarely toss and turn in the night, which can disrupt a good nights sleep. you will awake feeling refreshed, well rested and in some cases you may even require fewer hours sleep.
total body alignment
aquaglow waterbeds-the only bed you’ll ever want!
 




tired of restless nights? waterbeds could be the answer!
if you’re waking up feeling like you’ve been wrestling a bear all night, with a sore back, achy neck, and tired limbs, it might be time to consider a new sleep solution. and that’s where waterbeds come in!
why waterbeds?
waterbeds offer a unique sleeping experience compared to traditional mattresses. here’s why you might want to consider one:



conforms to your body: unlike conventional mattresses that can create pressure points, waterbeds mold to your body shape, providing even support and reducing pressure on your back, neck, hips and joints.






adjustable comfort: you can customize the firmness and feel of the bed by adjusting the water level. this allows you to find the perfect level of support for your individual needs.






temperature control: our waterbeds have built-in heating and cooling systems, allowing you to adjust the temperature for personalized comfort, especially helpful for hot sleepers or those living in colder climates.






potential health benefits: studies suggest waterbeds may improve blood circulation, reduce back pain, and alleviate allergy symptoms.






durability: waterbeds can last significantly longer than traditional mattresses, potentially lasting 15 years or more with proper care.



ready to upgrade your sleep?
explore the range of waterbeds, mattresses, heaters, and bedding available to find the perfect solution for you. whether you’re looking for a brand new waterbed, want to upgrade your existing one, or need replacement parts, there’s sure to be something to meet your needs and budget.
sweet dreams!


 



find a waterbed that suits you




 
 the aqua pro mattress
for your own support base
take a look 



 
 the aqua pro mattress plus
the support base
take a look 



 
 the aqua pro mattress plus
luxury  6 drawer support base
take a look 



 
 the aqua pro mattress plus
luxury 12 drawer support base
take a look 



 
 the aqua pro mattress plus
support base & fabric surround
take a look 



 
 the aqua pro mattress plus 
 support base & wooden surround
take a look 



 
 the aqua pro mattress plus 
 support base & metal surround
take a look 







featured products





100% pure egyptian cotton striped set- oyster
£130.95 – £280.85
more information

 




sale!
aqua pro mattressrated 5.00 out of 5
£669.95 – £859.95
more information

 



easy-fill waterbed filling kit from your showerrated 5.00 out of 5
£15.95
more information

 



aquaglow air extractor pump- burgundyrated 5.00 out of 5
£14.95
more information

 




sale!
.aquaglow waterbed premium conditioner: 2 years
£25.80 original price was: £25.80.£19.90current price is: £19.90.
more information

 




sale!
aqua pro waterbedrated 5.00 out of 5
£999.95 – £1,390.95
more information

 




sale!
mattress draining pump- full kitrated 4.56 out of 5
£215.95 original price was: £215.95.£199.95current price is: £199.95.
more information

 



aquaglow air extractor pump-blue
£14.95
more information

 
 





























































stress free
shopping


step 1 - choose your product




are you tired of waking up feeling like you’ve been tossing and turning all night? aching back or neck? tired joints and limbs? or do you just want a good nights sleep for once!
we can help with all of this! check out our range of waterbeds, mattresses, heaters or bedding. from a new waterbed to upgrading your old waterbed to replacing waterbed parts. you’ll be sure to find something that’s right for you.






step 2 - add additional options




we know that a standard product may not be enough for some customers. so if you are in need of extra bits and pieces for your waterbed, or you require any of our products in different sizes just click the relevant option.






step 3 - add to basket on our secure site




our fully secure website is easy to use and secure to purchase from. just click the ‘add to basket’ button and your chosen product, along with any optional extras you have selected will go straight into your shopping basket. from here you will be given the option to view your basket. or you can carry on browsing the site to find any other products you may need.






step 4 - checkout




once you have finished browsing and ready to “checkout”. just hit the shopping basket button at the top right of the page and away you go.
to make things easy we have made sure you can checkout in all the usual ways including bacs, debit or credit card and opayo, formally sagepay.






step 5 - delivery




once you’ve checked out you will receive a confirmation email and your product will be delivered within a suitable time frame. (normally 24-48 hours)
before you checkout you will get the option of delivery price estimates (if any) before you buy.
you can also choose to have your goods delivered to your work address rather than sent to your home address if that’s more convenient.
many items delivery will be included, on some items it will be a little extra.
if you would like a whole waterbed delivered, please phone for prices.






step 6 - assembly




your product will come complete with instructions on just how to put it together. so all you have to do is choose where its going, put it together and start filling up your brand new waterbed.




start shopping







reviews




 
 steve boddy – bulgaria
i really would like to thank adam etc. for a great mattress and service. after sleeping on a very bad bed for 2 months have now got our lovely waterbed back in use great great great despite dhls best efforts to lose the parcel as soon as i contacted adam it was all sorted very quickly. highly recommended




 
 ros cuthbert brown
i’ve had 3 other waterbed mattresses over the last 32 years this new one from aquaglow is by far the best. i absolutely love it. i also bought a new liner a new heater unit and a mattress protector all are brilliant quality and i’m so happy. i’m going to buy some new sheets next and i’m sure they’ll be just as good. service and delivery are fast and efficient.




 
 claire way
although we have not yet installed this mattress – my review at this time is really about the service and products i have previously bought from aquaglow. so this is perhaps a more general review comment for now. i will submit a full review of this once installed and tested….. i just wanted to say that every order has been dealt with quickly and efficiently, the delivery service has been excellent and the products themselves first class. therefore for anyone reading this report, i would recommend using aquaglow for all your waterbed products/accessories.




 
 sue krysik
this was my first order from aquaglow, having used various suppliers over many years and i have been so impressed with the service that i will definitely come back! the cover arrived within 24 hours of my order and i am very pleased with the product, the excellent price and a truly superb service – made a very pleasant change! i would happily and seriously recommend this company to everyone with a waterbed.




 
 brian homson
excellent service as we live in spain and delivery was so quick. thank you tony, we thought we would not find another mattress its fantastic quality and the instructions where so good the filling gadget was absolutly fab. tonight we can have a great nights sleep just like it was when we bought it 20 years ago fantastic many thanks tony for all your help


 













 











information
home
about us
shop for waterbeds
blog
information centre
international customers
 

customer service
my account
wishlist
contact information
site & payment security
privacy policy
terms and conditions
 

contact information
aquaglow waterbeds
unit 454 carr place
walton summit centre
bamber bridge
preston
pr5 8au  01772 301922 01772 312372 info@aquaglowwaterbeds.co.uk




© aquaglow waterbeds 2023 










 


 

you were not leaving your cart just like that, right? enter your details below to save your shopping cart for later. there's loads of products on sale at the moment! 
save 
























































