 








home -











































 












homeour story founderhistorybishop william bonner

adminstration board of apostles region iregion iiregion iiiregion ivregion vregion viregion viiregion viiiregion ixregion xregion xiregion xii

board of bishopsboard of presbytersforms online pastor reportapplication for credentialbishop’s reportcredential renewalexemption authorization formexpensee voucherchange formcharter applicationdistrict elder’s reportpastor report formreal estate property formissa local report blankissa state diocese report blank

office of presideroffice of vice presideroffice of executive secretaryorganizational surveypolicies bylawsconstitutionmarriage policyministerial sexual ethicspastor assessmentsprotocol for managing healthy …safety policiessexual misconduct, and protection for …



departments global missionshome missionsintl abypuintl adjuntantsintl brotherhoodintl congressintl counseling departmentintl department of musicimdwgintl missionary deptintl sunday school association 2024 issa scholarship application fill …2024 issa scholarship application …

intl union of deaconsintl usher boardintl women councilsocial justice ministry

educationeventsgive add thou to it campaigndonate

newsstoreconnect contactlocate church








homeour story founderhistorybishop william bonner

adminstration board of apostles region iregion iiregion iiiregion ivregion vregion viregion viiregion viiiregion ixregion xregion xiregion xii

board of bishopsboard of presbytersforms online pastor reportapplication for credentialbishop’s reportcredential renewalexemption authorization formexpensee voucherchange formcharter applicationdistrict elder’s reportpastor report formreal estate property formissa local report blankissa state diocese report blank

office of presideroffice of vice presideroffice of executive secretaryorganizational surveypolicies bylawsconstitutionmarriage policyministerial sexual ethicspastor assessmentsprotocol for managing healthy …safety policiessexual misconduct, and protection for …



departments global missionshome missionsintl abypuintl adjuntantsintl brotherhoodintl congressintl counseling departmentintl department of musicimdwgintl missionary deptintl sunday school association 2024 issa scholarship application fill …2024 issa scholarship application …

intl union of deaconsintl usher boardintl women councilsocial justice ministry

educationeventsgive add thou to it campaigndonate

newsstoreconnect contactlocate church




















































 experience holiness  & spread the gospel

cooljc
 where faith transforms lives








 fervent prayer 

 empower your journey with prayer, where faith finds its voice.








 to evangelize the world for jesus christ 


 unite hearts & illuminate minds








to equip every believer to become true disciples of
christ  

 empowering believers, transforming disciples: journeying with christ.








 to engage and serve the community  

 building community together









previous





next







cooljc
 where faith transforms lives


 experience holiness  & spread the gospel




connect with our community 
looking for a church 
read more







your browser does not support html5 video.


















welcome to cooljc website
overview
 we extend a heartfelt welcome to you from the cooljc family! here, you'll find a community that is passionate about living a life that honors god, embraces holiness, and spreads the transformative message of the gospel.at cooljc, we believe in the power of fellowship and the strength that comes from a united community. whether you are a longtime member or a first-time visitor, you are a valued part of our family.explore our website to discover more about our ministries dedicated to spreading the gospel.

read more































who we are?
evangelism>> education >> holiness
 cooljc's mission is to evangelize the world jesus christ; to equip every believer to become true disciples of christ; and to engage  those social problems  that challenge the communities we have been called to serve.





















feel your music
overview
at the heart of beats solo3 wireless is award-winning beats sound. this headphone delivers premium playback with fine-tuned acoustics that maximize clarity, breadth and balance. the comfort-cushion ear cups buffer outside noise for
                        immersive sound so you can experience music the way it was meant to be heard. beats solo3 wireless delivers up to 40 hours of battery life driven by the efficiency of the apple w1 chip. 
read more








available colors
find your color








 men’s fitted  t-shirtwireless - black 
                  
$24.99





 women's pique polo shirt
$27.99





  insulated stainless steel water
$23.49




































previous





next




 subscribe to updates regarding cooljc latest news and events.



name



input



email



submit


 thank you! your message has been sent. 
 unable to send your message. please fix errors then try again. 

















resources
need information


add thou to it campaign




give





organizational survey





pastor assessment






store






watch cooljc






privacy policy








connect
contact us

 church of our lord jesus christ of the apostolic faith, inc.
2081 adam clayton powell, jr. blvdnew york, ny 10027www.cooljc.org 
              






























©2023 church of our lord jesus christ of apostolic faith, inc.

  


