

















homepage » ertico
















































































signup to our newsletter
 

signup to our newsletter


follow us







 
 
 










about

history
list of partners
mission, vision & values
ertico team
governance
contact us


activities

thought leadership
stakeholder engagement
innovation & deployment
its congress
startups
ertico academy
city moonshot


join us

partnership
newsletter sign up
work with us


news & media

news
media partners
annual review


login







select page


  
 



 



 











connected cooperative & automated mobility



clean & eco mobility



transport & logistics



urban mobility



cross-sector











ertico – its europetogether for tomorrow’s journey.








connected, cooperative & automated mobilityaccelerating automation and connectivity for safer and smarter mobility








eco and clean mobilityreducing environmental impact








urban mobilitydelivering seamless mobility for all








transport & logisticscreating the digital infrastructure for freight transport and logistics operations












ertico – its europe is a public-private partnership organisation with close to 120 members, connecting 8 sectors across the broader ecosystem in intelligent transport systems and smart mobility. they include service providers, suppliers, traffic and transport industry, research institutions and universities, public authorities, user organisations, connectivity industry as well as vehicle manufacturers. learn more about our partnership.
ertico facilitate, develop and promote innovative solutions in smart mobility and intelligent transport, embodying thought leadership and stakeholder engagement. together with our partners, we develop, promote, and connect stakeholders through various activities, from european co-funded projects and innovation platforms, to cross-sector activities and international cooperation. explore all the activities.
the its congresses: the its european congress is organised by ertico every two years and elevates the stage globally every third year, hosting the its world congress in the emea region. these unique events are planned and delivered in close collaboration with the selected host cities and in partnership with the european commission and regional organisations its america and its asia-pacific.

learn more about our next its congresses:

16th its european congress in seville, spain from 19-21 may 2025
27th its world congress in birmingham, uk from 25-29 october 2027

access the annual review 2023-2024





newsroom

european commission releases 2025 work programme by johanna stapelberg on february 17, 2025 at 11:47 am the european commission’s 2025 work programme sets an ambitious vision for strengthening the eu’s economic resilience, simplifying regulations, and driving sustainable investment. at its core is the recognition that atoyota open labs launches program for small and medium-sized companies to join the mobility transformationby joanna mikolajczyk on february 14, 2025 at 8:52 am toyota motor europe and partners launched an open call to expand and include small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) to the toyota open labs innovation platform. the initiative aims to connect smes withcycling industries europe announce rfp for thought leadership study on return on investment in bike-sharing schemesby joanna mikolajczyk on february 13, 2025 at 9:51 am cycling industries europe (cie) and eit urban mobility, an initiative of the european institute of innovation and technology (eit), a body of the european union, have today announced the launch 







watch the 2024 activity highlights








our publications









annual review 2024
as the intersection of sustainable transport and smart mobility has become a horizontal layer of our work, we are uniquely positioned to bring together public and private stakeholders, creating a multi-stakeholder platform to drive innovation forward: this is part of our dna.



download the pdf







ertico city moonshot
ertico is inviting cities across the world to participate in a series of interviews that will consult them on their smart mobility challenges, needs and trends. this insightful survey will focus on three topics in the sector: data sharing, mobility as a service, and policy priorities on sustainability and the role of transport. interested?



discover more







its market radar
in collaboration with ey, ertico launched the its market radar report, a groundbreaking research analysis that delves into key market insights. access the 2023 edition which spotlights two sectors within the ertico partnership: service providers and the traffic & transport industry.



access the report 





subscribe to our newsits congress
eventsnextetruck webinar: zero-emission heavy duty vehiclesfebruary 20 @ 2:00 pmmoving beyond manels: addressing gender inequality in the its industrymarch 11 @ 6:30 pm - 8:30 pmculturalroad launch workshop: shaping the future of equitable ccam deploymentmarch 25 @ 3:00 pm - 4:30 pmeucad 2025: advancing connected and automated mobilitymay 13 @ 8:00 am - may 15 @ 5:00 pm












our current partners











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 










[gs_logo posts="-1" order="asc" logo_cat="users, vehicle-manufacturers, mobile-network-operators, public-authorities, research, service-providers, suppliers, traffic-and-transport-industry"  mode="horizontal" speed="300" inf_loop="1" max_logo="1" ]



 













 



signup to our newsletter
 
 



© copyright ertico - its europe | +32 (0)2 400 0700 | info@mail.ertico.com | avenue louise 523, 1050 brussels, belgium  
 
 
 



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however you may visit cookie settings to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






                                functional                            


functional




functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







                                performance                            


performance




performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







                                analytics                            


analytics




analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







                                advertisement                            


advertisement




advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







                                others                            


others




other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept

































