
welcome, knowflakes, to lindaland! (linda-goodman.com)






new
  




















































































elcome,
                every one, to linda-goodman.com, a site dedicated to the memory of 
               our beloved linda. linda did not want to be re-membered as an 
               astrologer. she wanted to be re-membered as a great writer and a 
               poet, and this is how we choose to honor her name. of course, all 
               this aside, linda was a great astrologer; she had the intuitive gifts 
               necessary to grant her a place in history as arguably the best 
               astrologer of all time. if you love linda and her writings, you will 
               love linda-goodman.com and the people who come here to honor her. 
               membership is free, and you are only a click away from lindaland. do 
               your s-elf a favor, and join
                us 
               now. all of your fellow knowflakes are waiting to get to k-now you. 
               it's warm and cozy inside, like mewing kittens, and you just might 
               chance upon the unmistakable k-nowing spiritual presence of linda her 
               s-elf. linda loved debate, so in her memory we do encourage debates. 
               you are free to speak your minds about anything, but please, use no 
               profanity or personal insults. linda was adamantly opposed to the 
               medical theocracy and, in some cases, organized religion, and here in 
               lindaland we shall continue her legacy in those regards. as a ram, 
               linda had a fiery passion for her beliefs, and we do encourage others 
               here to do likewise. there will be no censorship here, and freedom of 
               expression and speech rules supreme, but please be courteous and 
               respectful of others while doing so. linda had a talent for speaking 
               her mind without offending others. let's try to do likewise. she was 
               very opinionated, and when we debate with each other in a loving 
               manner, we do her name justice. peace, light, and love to all.

     
                  oh !  gooober, did you know how it made me ache inside
                
                       and how deeply i understood ?

it gave me a 
               sharp loving-pain
when you tried 
               so hard to stop the rain

           
                      and believed so hard that you could

—linda 
               goodman in gooberz,
                page 545













enter
                here










copyright © 
        diversified acquisitions, inc.

this site 
        is not affiliated in any way with linda goodman's estate or the 
        publishers of her books.




