






personalitylab - online personality tests






personalitylab.org
it's all about you.





take any of the personality tests below to find out more about yourself and those around you. all of these questionnaires have been developed by research psychologists. results are free and provided instantly. enjoy!







all about you: the big five personality test


what are you really like? complete this test to identify the most important and distinctive features of your personality, in terms of the big five traits and 15 more-specific "facet" traits.






enter your email address to receive announcements about new tests!




recommend this website to a friend!



your name: 



your email: 



friend's name: 



friend's email: 






 

 



your social, emotional, and behavioral skills


what are your strengths and weaknesses when it comes to forming new relationships, managing your emotions, pursuing goals, and learning from experience? this test comes in a full or shortened version.
full version: has 192 items and gives  scores on 32 specific skills and 5 domains.
shortened version: includes 20 items and only gives scores on the 5 domains.





understand your child


parents, complete this personality test to better understand your son's or daughter's key personality characteristics. the test can be used to describe a young child, teen, or adult.






self-peer personality test


does how you see yourself match with how other people see you? two people can complete this test together to find out. 






suggestion? problem? comment?
email us
about us
our privacy policy








find your hogwarts house


harry potter fans, have you ever wondered where the sorting hat would place you? gryffindor, hufflepuff, ravenclaw, or slytherin: complete this personality test and find out!






the dark side of personality


are you saintly or mischievous? does your personality sometimes get you into trouble? take this test to find out more about the "dark side" of your personality.






close relationship quiz


are you always worried about your relationships, or do they rarely cross your mind? do you hold others close to you, or do you push them away? complete this personality quiz and learn more about your relationship style.






deal with it


how do you handle unexpected problems that pop up in life? what about successes? take this test to learn about your coping styles.






the sims personality test


what's your virtual personality: neat freak? couch potato? socialite? take this test and get scored on each of the five personality dimensions used in the sims and the sims 2.





about us
		this website provides free questionnaires and feedback as part of an ongoing research project. all personality feedback is based on scientific findings or expert opinions, but is worded in terms of generalizations and will not be completely accurate for any single person.
© personalitylab.org





 



