 home - hanac, inc.  hanac about usour historyboard leadershipexecutive leadership teamcareers volunteer servicesnewspartnerscontact usprograms and servicessenior programs senior centersadult and family programsyouth programsaffordable housingall projectsone flushing hanac corona senior residence hanac pca senior residence george t. douris towerarchbishop iakovos senior residence new projectsinterest listproperty managementour portfoliomandatory inclusionary housinggtd parking garagefundraisinggalassponsorship opportunities donategala 2024east west connectionextended servicessenior community service centersqueensview norcsaraangelo petromelis college point senior centerarchbishop iakovos senior centerjvl harmony innovative senior centerravenswood senior centeradult literacychild & family preventive servicesdomestic violence program (dove)employment and traininglegal victim assistancelegal immigrationweatherizationhealth care accessbeacon astoria - is 141beacon corona - ps 19compasscornerstone - astoria housescouncilmaticsonycworkforceour portfolioproperty management services

 working for the progress of the community since 1972, we've impacted over 1 million people providing affordable housing, social services and more.our causesdonateabout hanacimpacting the lives of over a million people and their families since 1972.  hanac, inc. – originally founded by george douris as the hellenic american neighborhood action committee – is a new york city based multi-faceted social services organization with administrative offices at 27-40 hoyt avenue s in astoria and fiscal office at 1250 broadway in new york city. the organization was founded in 1972 to serve the needs of vulnerable populations throughout new york city. read more... i am thrilled to join hanac on this important occasion as we fight to keep queens affordable for all. u.s. representative alexandria ocasio-cortez   donate today to help support our wonderful programs. have an idea for a fundraiser? contact us to help fundraise for hanac. donations come in many forms and volunteering is vital. volunteer for hanac. donate fundraise volunteer learn morelearn morelearn more  30,000 clients per year we impact with multiple services and benefits300 employees across hanac's affordable housing projects and services48 years of experience working with city agencies, developers and architectsnews hanac newsletter subscribe to our email newsletter for recent news and updates from hanac  subscribe your data has been submitted. thank you! about us programs and services affordable housing portfolio property management [{"lid":"1531306243545","ls":"10","loff":"","li_type":"em","li_name":"email","li_ph":"mail@example.com","li_req":"y","li_nm":"email"}]subscribe to our newsletter for press inquiries, please email hanacpr@goodmanmedia.com auxiliary aides and services are available upon request and free of charge to individuals with disabilities tty/tdd 711 or 1-800-662-1220 (english)/1-877-662-4886 (spanish)    



  