




noble acres shiloh shepherds





skip navigation





noble acres shiloh shepherds 
beauty, intelligence, and soundness since 1997 





 


home


our shilohs 


our progeny 


upcoming litters 


about us  


pedigrees


available puppies 


links


contact us


na news 


issdc

shiloh shepherd library 



our new beginnings

health stats 



 


 


 
our shiloh shepherds descend directly from multiple gv and ns lines. at noble acres our shilohs are bred for quality, soundness, and distinction.
the shiloh shepherd is a calm, intelligent dog, who generally gets along with other animals. these big, friendly giants love nothing more than to be with their family members. easily trained and very biddable, the shiloh shepherd makes an excellent sar, herding, therapy, and companion animal.              


 

shiloh shepherds were first recognized by the american rare breed association (arba) in 1991 . the breed standard calls for an impression of nobility and intelligence. shilohs are protective without undo aggression, while still being sweet and loving to children and family. females are typically 26 to 28 inches at the whither, while males are 28 to 31 inches. females can weigh between 80 and 115 pounds while the males run between 115 and 140 at maturity. with his giant size the shiloh is obviously not for everyone. the shiloh needs lots of exercise, grooming, training, and socialization. puppies can be energetic and rambunctious. please feel free to contact us if you'd like more information about these wonderful dogs.         
 

 



 

ns ch noble's oso bello de oasis 


our shilohs are our loving family members who live in our home, not a kennel.        




                                         we proudly raise, train, and title our own dogs.           


puppies are available occasionally to select homes. our puppies are all health guaranteed. we do extensive genetic health testing on all of our shilohs. 



             
                      our shiloh shepherd puppies are temperament tested and microchipped before being placed in their new homes. our puppy families are able to keep in touch with one another and us by joining our noble acres yahoo group. 




each year, thanks to jacki
             wilde, we have a calendars of
             all our shiloh shepherd puppies in their new homes, which is available
             to their new families. our 2004, 2005, 2006,             2007,             2008 ,
           and 2009 calendars were fabulous.

2010 promises
             to be the same and 
           you 
           still have time to order yours.
             
        we also now have our own noble acres store!! 
check it out!!!
and remember to 
  investigate before you invest! 
we unfortunately have to worry about puppy mills and unethical breeders in our beloved breed, too. please check with the bbb before buying from any breeder.
 



 
 w
 
bo wins best in show at the issr specialty! 




home.....our shilohs ...our progeny ... upcoming litters......available puppies
    




about us... ..links.....





pedigrees  
     









         




 




noble acres shiloh shepherds
  gloria and darrel setterlund
  locust grove, va
  540/854-2348
shilohs@nobleacres.com
copyright 2005-2015 (c) noble acres shiloh shepherds 



  

 







 


