








cat nutrition - home









































































home

about
contact
credits


foodmaking

recipes
pictorial
supplies
tips


diseases

diabetes
ibd
obesity
periodontal disease
urinary tract issues


care

cleaning
litterbox


resources

faq
testimonials
translations


vets

open letter to vets
sample  handout


insights





















 











notice: due to current bird flu concerns, i suggest avoiding raw poultry in your cat’s diet until the risk subsides.







cat nutrition























mother nature knows what a cat should eat.  so should you.





here’s the thing.
vets are defering to the pet food industry on vital health issues. that’s a problem.

those of us who care about healthy nutrition for cats face confusion and obstacles. many busy veterinary professionals are permitting the pet food industry to act as their proxy when it comes to nutritional counsel for their clients. the results can be disastrous for cats. i’d love for some of my layperson insights into treating one terrible malady and the lessons i’ve learned along the way about feline nutrition to be instructive to the veterinary community. and to people like me who were desperate for answers.
in 1994, when my gentle young cat, duke, was a small kitten fresh from the animal shelter, he began showing signs of serious digestive illness. runny stools. later, diarrhea. over the next several years, his condition worsened. until he was suffering from full-blown all-diarrhea-all-the-time. lots of tests, a diagnosis of feline inflammatory bowel disease (ibd) and then on to the usual gamut of scores of special prescription diets and various other approaches. none of which made a whiff of difference for him. he was suffering and i was heartbroken about what he was going through.
to make the story short, duke got well, literally overnight, when i finally came to understand that if i paid close attention to what i fed him—which meant diving deeper into healthy nutrition for cats—many seemingly intractable and allegedly “incurable” problems could disappear. duke went on to thrive.

a cat taught me about healthy nutrition for cats
duke got sick. duke got well. this site was born. my experience with duke opened my eyes in a big way to how many well-meaning, overworked, and overwhelmed vets are often overlooking the most obvious answer when it comes to dealing with feline illness, especially—but certainly not exclusively—digestive problems.





i am not a vet. i don’t presume to know more about feline biochemistry than someone who has graduated from veterinary school. i don’t treat scores of animals every day or perform all manner of delicate surgeries and lifesaving procedures. my sole ‘credential’ is that i used diet alone to liberate a sick cat from a miserable disease that plagued him for six difficult years.
the impact that a proper diet can have on a cat seems most conspicuous and immediate for a cat suffering from digestive problems like ibd. but i learned along the way that all kinds of serious feline health disorders can be reversed or improved if we feed these magnificent creatures properly, by sticking as close to mother nature as we can manage. just for starters, that means not feeding dry food to cats.



read my open letter to veterinary professionalsif you’re a vet, i respectfully ask that you take a few minutes to read my open letter and consider it. if you’re a lay person, maybe share this letter to your own vet.
view letter here











 updated: be cautious before jumping to conclusions on raw feeding for cats

recent headlines warning about the potential dangers of raw feeding for cats, particularly concerning h5n1 avian flu, have caused significant concern among pet owners. while these concerns are valid, they also deserve careful scrutiny to avoid hasty decisions.
 
 read more 








 frank’s feline masterclass: patience, trust, and the art of mutual respect

one year since frank’s “gotcha day” is a good time to review what it’s been like getting to know one another.
 
 read more 








 irreconcilable differences: permanent breakup with dry cat food

some relationships were simply never meant to be. mine with dry cat food, for instance.
 
 read more 








 many common lilies are poisonous to cats

exercising extreme caution with houseplants that are potentially toxic to cats is essential. pay special attention to lilies because many common ones can poison our feline friends.
 
 read more 








 chunky value

revisiting the value of offering “chunked” meat to cats as part of a wholesome diet.
 
 read more 








 fantastic frankie’s new home, new food

welcoming fantastic frankie to his forever home – plus a few beats about his new diet.
 
 read more 








 rest in ease, sidney-beans

saying farewell and godspeed to sidney-beans.
 
 read more 








 moisture matters

cats are naturally thirstless animals, designed to get their moisture intake with their food. don’t dehydrate your cat with dry food.
 
 read more 








 rest in light, wilson

unexpectedly having to say goodbye to my dear wilson in august 2023 is an ongoing lesson in what it is to swim in the waters of grief and embrace boundless gratitude for the gifts of joy and love that remarkable being brought to my life.
 
 read more 








 long overdue website refresh

the long overdue updating of this website is finally complete. my apologies for the years of site neglect but, you know, life happens.
 
 read more 







 
this is not the only website offering guidance on an alternative way to feed a cat for optimum health. it is the only one, however, that i’ve managed to come up with. i recommend, too, dr. lisa pierson’s website as well as my wise, cat-skilled and compassionate friend terri grow’s site.
 

genesis of this site

make cat food

page translations



 











search for:











recipes
supplies
pictorial
faq
insights










information on catnutrition.org is for general information purposes only and is provided without warranty or guarantee of any kind. the content on this site is written by a lay person with no veterinary training. this website is not intended to replace professional advice from your veterinarian and nothing on this site is intended as a medical diagnosis or treatment. questions about your animal’s health should be directed to a professional animal health care provider. 

followfollowfollowfollow

privacy policy  | © copyright 2003-2025 catnutrition.org. all rights reserved.



 







































share this





facebook





twitter





linkedin





google+





reddit





print friendly





 














