










natural gas & hydrogen tanks & cylinders, fuel systems and virtual pipeline trailers – we engineer and manufacture the lightest and highest capacity cng tanks, cng fuel systems for light, medium, and heavy-duty trucks, and virtual pipeline trailers vp650 for natural gas transportation.









































 














toggle navigation











company

why quantum
quantum values
careers
press releases


natural gas

virtual pipeline cng trailers
virtual pipeline cng trailers – towable
q-rail cng fuel systems
q-cab cng fuel systems


hydrogen

advanced fuel storage tanks
virtual pipeline trailers


real world applications
service

product documentation
warranty information
faqs
contact quantum service


contact us
 











 




 

 




 

 




 

 




 

 




 



quantum fuel systems llc is engineering the future of cng storage by designing, developing and bringing innovative gas transport trailers and heavy-duty truck fuel storage systems to the market.






most advanced cng fuel storage systems





q-cab
q-rail
fuel storage tanks
virtual pipeline
vp trailer




 q-cab


q-cab
q-rail
fuel storage tanks
virtual pipeline
vp trailer









   


q-cab 
back-of-cab cng fuel system
designed for medium- and heavy-duty market trucks, our proprietary lightweight q-lite® type iv technology is aerodynamically invisible and highly effective for increased payloads where reducing on-board weight is essential. applicationmedium- and heavy-duty trucks features
three super-lightweight q-lite® tanks for 123.6 dge, 160 dge, and 180 dge
aerodynamic design
scalable with q-rail frame-rail mounted fuel system
grid-friendly “hook & hang” installation
high quality oem system
2-year 200,000 mile warranty
 





   


q-rail 
frame-rail mounted cng fuel system
built with our proprietary q-lite® type iv technology, q-rail maximizes fuel capacity while minimizing weight. manufactured to oem standards, q-rail’s modular design simplifies installation and maintenance. applicationmedium- and heavy-duty trucks features
41.2 dge, and 46.2 dge capacity
rugged design for increased durability
grid-friendly “hook and hang” installation
configurable stepping bars (full, partial length or delete)
equipped with super-lightweight q-lite® tank
2-year 200,000 mile warranty
 





   


q-lite® 
advanced cng fuel storage tanks
designed for everything from high-volume, light-duty pickup trucks to class 7 and 8 trucks, our industry-leading, compressed natural gas (cng) and hydrogen storage tanks come in a wide range of sizes. applicationlight-, medium-, and heavy-duty trucks features
tanks from 21.1 to 46.5 dge
super-lightweight composite technology
highest capacity storage tank in the industry
high-grade oem quality
safe, durable, and reliable
2-year 100,000 mile warranty
 





   


q-vp 
virtual pipeline cng trailers
quantum virtual pipeline is a series of high capacity trailers that are easily transportable domestically and globally. quantum’s entire system is installed in a 45’ , 40′ or 20′ hi-cube shipping container equipped with quantum’s ultra-lightweight q-lite® tanks. applicationvirtual pipeline, mobile & temporary cng stations and mining features
equipped with type iv q-lite® tanks in a 45’, 40′ or 20′ length hi-cube iso shipping container
unique system capacity of up to 645,014 scf
vertical mounted tanks to optimize gas capacity
single-switch tank isolation for safe transit
door activated parking brake switch for increase safety during loading and unloading
 





   


vplite 
virtual pipeline trailers - towable
quantum virtual pipeline trailers – towable provide delivery and storage of compressed natural gas and other gaseous products to supply customers in areas where there is little or no infrastructure, or where there is a temporary interruption of service. applicationsafe, secure, and on-demand cng fuel trailers for scheduled shut-downs, outages, and maintenance features
equipped with type iv q-lite® tanks in a 10’ length standard iso shipping container
towable by a 1-ton pickup truck
the total capacity of the vplite6 system is 62,726 scf at 3,600psi and the total capacity of the vplite8 system is 83,635 scf.
simple manual valve tank valve operation.
easy access system for service
 











					quantum advantage				

					quantum offers the best price/value per diesel gallon equivalent (dge) in the industry.
that’s because we manufacture both our tanks and our systems.				





quantum q-lite® tanks, q-rail and q-cab fuel system modules are the industries lightest.

lightest systems & tanks




optimized composite shell enables us to store more fuel.

highest capacity tanks




our q-cab fuel system module completed 1 million miles of durability testing.

highest quality products








media gallery





 
quantum and hydrogen


