






















	kobo-home






back
            to top

















toggle navigation

















              home
            



              our values
            



              products

            




formulas


literature







              contact
            























 


























































 products 
 sds 
 formulas 
 literature 



            help
          







×


                    search help:
                  




                      select the area of the website you want to search in the drop-down menu next to the search bar: products, formulas, literature or contacts.
                    
the 'sds' option allows you to directly find an sds for a product listed on the website.

                      enter one or several keywords: they can be trade names, inci names, formula names,
                      events at which kobo presented a paper, names or departments for contacts.
                    

                      if several keywords are entered, the results will be of products, formulas, literature
                      or contacts that have all keywords together (and search). if no results are found
                      with all keywords, the search will present results with either of the keywords (or
                      search).
                    

                      result tables can be sorted by clicking titles in the headers: click once for sorting
                      by ascending order, twice for descending order. all columns can be sorted, including
                      territories.
                    

                    depending on area searched, links in the result tables will bring you to product
                    description pages, or products, formulas, literature or contact pages.
                    




                    close
                  



































‹
›





kobo products, the powder & dispersion specialist

                    since 1987 kobo has provided innovative, technology-based raw materials to the cosmetic industry. the product range includes surface treated pigments, microspheres, suncare and color dispersions, silicone fluids, specialties, natural ingredients, effect pigments, boron nitride and delivery systems.

kobo has six locations, usa (corporate headquarters), brazil, uk, france, asia pacific and japan (kobo dispatek), and is represented globally by  independent agents.


                

                    to request information, data and samples, please use our electronic
                order form or contact us.
                

                    main phone number: 908 - 757 - 0033
                

                    general email address: koboinfo@koboproductsinc.com 




what's new at kobo?


on december 18, we presented kobo’s 2025 global beauty trends! six key trends from sensory experiences and skincare to sun protection and vibrant colors that will inspire you. in this webinar, we not only identified these trends but also show you how they can drive your next innovative projects. if you missed it,  you can still request a copy!. in this episode of no filter with kobo, we continue our series exploring kobo's global trends for 2025, with "modern nostalgia" and "brighten your world". our guests share their expertise and present innovative kobo formulas that align with these trends. click on this link to listen to the podcast. lusplan™ lv-g is a plant-derived liquid ester, that adds gloss and shine, and provides moisture and softness after drying.lusplan™ sr-dm4 is a 100% plant-derived viscous ester. it is an excellent silicone alternative, in particular for hair care products, providing moisture and smoothness with limited build-up.hyaluronates:hyaluronic acid is a natural polysaccharide, widely distributed throughout connective, epithelial, and neural tissues. it is a major component of skin, where it is involved in moisturization and tissue repair.phytopresomes™: liposomal formulations made with phytopresome™ enhance the penetration of active in the epidermis, increase stratum corneum retention, promote sustained release and long-lasting effect and help formulate lipid-soluble actives in water-based formulas.no-tio2 k-ray® effect pigments:for customers who favor products without tio2, we have released a new series of special effect pigments, the nt (no-tio2) series. it replaces titanium dioxide with cerium oxide on white pearls, and use only silica and iron oxide for gold and long color travel pearls.













job opportunities


careers

                                   &
                                

                                   job opportunities
                                






video



                                    enterprises
                                
tv features

                                   kobo
                                






trade shows


trade shows
&
                                
conferences schedule
                                

















 favorites
          


kobo tv 


trade shows & conferences








products




categories


product pages







popular



                formulas
              



                literature
              



                sample cart
              






about


careers 


contacts


office 365






follow us






































      © 2002-2025 kobo dynamic website.
      






      © 2002-2025 kobo mobile website.
      













