







shipyard brewing company
































































skip to content






 



menu


beer
visit
portland, me
sanford, fl


beer finder
discover more
about
shop now









sy-masquerave-web-bannerget your tixsy-masquerave-web-bannerget your tixsy-masquerave-web-bannerget your tixprelude-2024-webbannerpairs well with dinner parties or cozy winter nights in.learn moreprelude-2024-webbannerlearn moreslideour newest brew is here! a boatload of blackberry and blueberry aroma and flavor awaits!learn more >sy-events-web-bannerhave your event with us!small groups or parties up to 300 newly renovated tasting room and private space fully connected audio visual catering menusevent inquirybannerimage-header-01learn morebannerimage-header-02learn moreslidevisit our tasting room and brewery storelocated in the heart of downtown portland, maine, experience all that shipyard has to offer. try exclusive beers from our discovery series, enjoy a flight of our classic recipes or have a pint and lunch from our food menu.see whats on tap >order online >






  shipyard radio207!
 listen to shipyard radio207! 100% maine-grown country music. powered by shipyard beer, born in maine, traveling the world. listen




 boatload berry wheat ale  blueberry / blackberry ale  read more



 pumpkinhead ale  the goat of pumpkin beers  read more



 export  golden ale  read more



 american pale ale  the american craft classic  read more



 american pale ale golden nitro  the golden stout  read more



  check out our current roster! all the beer




  visit our tasting room & brewery shop




 mon-sat: 11am-8pm|sun: 11am-6pm more details




 gear up! shop now





 american pale ale flavorful, easy-drinking craft the details   




 about the founder "we always set out to brew great beer...but it was really just an excuse to bring our friends and family together to enjoy more of life." fred forsley • shipyard founder / ceo 





follow us
for updates, deals & wicked good stuff
      


 [instagram-feed feed=2]








   




beer
visit
beer finder
discover more
contact

    












 subscribe to our newsletterstay up to date on everything shipyard! be the first to know about events, releases, giveaways and exclusive offers.

            footer newsletter sign up   footer newsletter sign up     subscribe! 
 you have successfully subscribed!



 






 shipyard brewing company • family owned • established in 1994 • 27 hancock street, portland maine • 207.761.9665 • info@shipyard.com







  privacy policy & website terms and conditions 


   order now
close			


 we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. accept reject





skip to content

  open toolbar  accessibility tools   
 accessibility tools    increase textincrease text     decrease textdecrease text     grayscalegrayscale     high contrasthigh contrast     light backgroundlight background     links underlinelinks underline     readable fontreadable font     reset reset   



close gdpr cookie settings



 
  privacy overview  

 powered by  gdpr cookie compliance



privacy overview
 this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
 enable all save settings
































