


	school of computer science - the university of nottingham


































   








browser does not support script.
browser does not support script.
browser does not support script.
browser does not support script.browser does not support script.






uk
china
malaysia




main menu    study  about  research  business   news   visit   a–z     



search 
      
    








you are here:  

university of nottinghamcomputer science


school of computer science





home
about the schoolstudy with usalumni scholarshipsresearchinternshipswork with usequality diversity and inclusionpeopleeventsseminar seriesnewscontact us







print 
email this page


student intranet



school of computer science
 
    




 we are global experts in user experience design, virtual reality, artificial intelligence and data science. we offer our students a variety of modules and research projects in these areas and more.
we work with both local and global companies such as google, capital one and microsoft on student projects and to offer work placements.
our research groups are developing the technology of the future. they guide our teaching and keep the curriculum current and exciting. 





 
 
ref results 2021
ref 2021 saw the school’s research environment classed as 100% ‘world leading’ and ranked #1 in the uk, with 97% of its research outputs considered ‘world leading’ or ‘internationally excellent’ and the percentage awarded the highest 4* rating almost doubling since the previous (2014) exercise. indeed, all of the school’s assessment scores increased over ref2014 values. overall, the school of computer science was ranked 17th in the uk on output grade point average and 19th on research power. the school maintains a position in the upper quartile of the uoa  and is firmly established as a national and international centre for excellence in computer science research.
 
 





undergraduate


 
 





postgraduate


 
 





research


 
  



computer science news
  






international research leader receives cbe in new year honours

date:05/02/2025








anna shvets music vr application "galaxy of suffering" is currently being displayed at the stephen lawrence gallery in london

date:23/01/2025








reclaiming narratives: celebrating black history month in cs

date:28/11/2024








world-leading researcher named as turing fellow

date:28/10/2024








see all news



events at computer science
  



			no events to display
		


see all up and coming events


 
 



awards
  
bronze award winner, athena swan charter for women in science 2017

 



 find, follow, join us
  
  
connect with us!
 follow us on x (@uoncomputersci)
find us on instragram! 


 


school of computer science
university of nottinghamjubilee campuswollaton road
nottingham, ng8 1bb

for all enquires please visit:
www.nottingham.ac.uk/enquire







     legal information   copyright terms and conditions privacy posting rules accessibility freedom of information charity gateway cookie policy     get social   connect with the university of nottingham through social media and our blogs.           campus maps | more contact information | jobs         








