     ford dealer in clarksville, in | used cars clarksville | carriage ford inc                            
 




                                       carriage ford inc        sales 812-670-5812    service 812-670-5814  parts 812-670-5748      908 east lewis & clark parkwayclarksville, in 47129                                 service        map        contact                       carriage ford inc             call 812-670-5812   directions                  home   new   search inventory   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   fleet    ford protect   custom factory order     used   search used inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     specials   new specials   used specials   certified pre-owned specials   manufacturer service specials   regional incentives     service & parts   service & parts   ford service pickup and delivery   body shop   order parts     research   schedule service   tires   fordpass   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford mustang   2025 ford explorer   2025 bronco sport          finance   finance department   payment calculator   black book credit score estimator   express checkout   ford credit application     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff     contact   dealer information   hours & directions                     home   new   search inventory   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   fleet    ford protect   custom factory order     used   search used inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     specials   new specials   used specials   certified pre-owned specials   manufacturer service specials   regional incentives     service & parts   service & parts   ford service pickup and delivery   body shop   order parts     research   schedule service   tires   fordpass   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford mustang   2025 ford explorer   2025 bronco sport          finance   finance department   payment calculator   black book credit score estimator   express checkout   ford credit application     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff     contact   dealer information   hours & directions           



    








ford dealership
serving the community of clarksville, in 













apply for credit
get financing










pickup & delivery
click here










special offers
view specials










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory            something for everyone  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suvs & crossovers   trucks & vans   all electric   cars           escape      bronco sport      bronco      edge      explorer      mustang mach-e      expedition          maverick      ranger      transit connect      f-150      super duty      transit      f-150 lightning          mustang mach-e      f-150 lightning          mustang     explore all newmodels           








certified pre-owned
browse our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles.
search certified









trade appraisal
get the best price for your trade-in vehicle.
value your trade






     




2024 ford f-150

view inventory





      



welcome to
carriage ford inc

we're carriage ford, inc. and we go further for you. we're dedicated to serving you now and in the future. we're owned and operated by the book family. we've been in business since 1982. we'd love to show you around our state-of-the-art facility. we have a huge inventory of new and used vehicles. and we offer a wide variety of financing options and incentives. from vehicle test-drives and product demonstrations to personalized service and maintenance, we're committed to delivering a ford ownership experience above and beyond your expectations.
more about us












                                                                                                         disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                   
 
      

follow us


                       
               

when you want to go for a drive in clarksville or louisville, it's important that you're behind the wheel of a vehicle that won't let you down, which is why you should consider investing in a ford. reliability is the name of the game when it comes to ford automobiles, and your best resource for these outstanding vehicles is carriage ford inc.
we stand on our long history of award-winning service, and we can't wait for you to be our next customer. check out a few of the advantages of purchasing your next ford from us and learn about our dealership specialties.




find a used model
although there are a variety of benefits to buying a brand-new vehicle, investing in a used model is an equally good choice, particularly if your main goal is purchasing a quality vehicle while controlling your costs. by shopping with us, you'll be able to browse the best used vehicle selection in clarksville.
we specialize in certified used vehicles, and we focus on providing high-quality, low-mileage used. we offer a wide array of makes and models, including some of the top ford vehicles such as the escape, f-150, fusion, focus, and explorer. our vehicles undergo a 172-point safety inspection to make sure that you're as safe as possible when you hit the road.
in addition to our enticing regular pricing, you can save even more money by earning cash for referrals. as you can see, there are countless benefits you can receive by shopping with us, including easily being able to find the right ford for you.


about our awards
while awards aren't the be all end all of choosing a dealership, they can let you know that the dealer you're working with has a long track record of high-quality service. if award-winning service matters to you, then shopping with us is a fantastic choice.
for the past five years, we have been honored with the partners in quality award, making us a dealership that cares about providing you with a top-notch shopping experience. we are also proud to be a multi-time president's award winner, having received this honor 15 times.
our history of winning awards means that you can trust us to meet each and every one of your dealership needs.




keep your car running
certified pre-owned vehicles are a great choice for consumers that need a reliable vehicle. however, every car needs service now and again, and when your vehicle needs a little expert attention, you can come back to us for help from our service team.
the service professionals that we hire are ford certified, meaning they have received training to know how to repair and maintain your vehicle. scheduling regular appointments with our service department is the easiest way to keep your car running for thousands of miles. 


find your ford
any clarksville or louisville consumer that's in the market for an outstanding ford vehicle should plan a trip to carriage ford inc. we offer an irresistible selection of quality used automobiles, and we would be honored to be a part of your car buying journey. come see us today.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures carriage ford inc | 908 east lewis & clark parkway, clarksville, in 47129 | sales: 812-670-5812 |                

















                    