



volkswagen uk | the official volkswagen website 





























menunew models and configuratorbrowse available stockcompare our volkswagen modelsbuild your volkswagenelectric and hybrid carspure electric carsid.3id.4id.5id.7new id.7 tourerid. buzzways to buy electricfuture models and concept carshybrid carsgolf ehybridtiguan ehybridpassat ehybridtayron ehybridtouareg ehybridways to buy hybridcharging and rangecharging rangebattery technologyliving electriclife with an evdoes it fit my lifestyle?running costs and savingsdriving technologies and connected serviceslooking after your evsustainabilitydiscover electricoffers and ways to buyfinance and offersstep-by-step guide to driving electricexpert help and adviceways to buy electric ways to buy hybridhome wall boxes and energy partnersfinance offers and fleetpersonal offers and financepersonal finance offers & calculatorpersonal contract hire offerselectric offerspart exchange valuationpersonal finance options explainedbusiness and fleetexplore the fleet rangefleet for small businessesfleet managerscompany car driverssimplifying salary sacrificemotabilitypart exchange valuationused carsall modelsarteonbeetlecceosfoxgolfid.3id.4id.5id.7id. buzzjettapassatphaetonpolosciroccosharantaigot-crosstiguantouaregtourant-rocup!browse by categorysearch for used volkswagensapproved used benefits and offerspart exchangeconnected servicesvw connect and we connectactivationall servicescar-netrequirementscar-net activationsecurity & serviceguide & informe-remoteupgradesupgradesvw connect and we connect for your id.all serviceswe connect startowners and servicesbook a service or motservicing and partswhy book with volkswagenservicing and pricingbuy a service planall-inspare parts and repairsaccident and roadside assistanceabout my carwarning lightshow-to guidesid. software updatesvolkswagen financial services accountlogin to myvolkswagenowner's manualsaccessories and merchandiseowners brochureneed help?contact usneed help faqsvolkswagen lifeyourvolkswagen storiesvolkswagen magazinepressthe volkswagen drive electric sale now on, ends on 3rd march discover all event offerst&cs apply. volkswagen finance. welcome to volkswagenfind everything you need to know about researching, buying and owning your volkswagen.explore our modelsdiscover electric & hybridoffers & financesame spirit. different energy. drive electric.explore our id. rangesee what all the fuss is aboutexplore id.3 chargingexplore id.4explore id.5explore id.7browse our exciting range of ready-to-go, new cars.fill in the details below, find your perfect match, and we’ll deliver it to your nearest retailer.discover our new carsthe new tayron now open for order, 1 of 3get more than expected with the volkswagen match range, 2 of 3the polo, 3 of 3the new tayron now open for orderversatile, spacious, luxurious, and ideal for all.discover the new tayronget more than expected with the volkswagen match rangepacked with spec as standard. the volkswagen match trims are available across 12 current models, so choose a hatchback, suv, or all-electric id. for those looking for more.find out morethe polotake a closer look at the polo.explore polosearch available stockopens an external linkthe new tayron now open for orderversatile, spacious, luxurious, and ideal for all.discover the new tayronget more than expected with the volkswagen match rangepacked with spec as standard. the volkswagen match trims are available across 12 current models, so choose a hatchback, suv, or all-electric id. for those looking for more.find out morethe polotake a closer look at the polo.explore polosearch available stockopens an external linkbuild your volkswagenbuild your ownused carsexplore our used cars and offersfleet & company carsdiscover our fleet & company carsowners and serviceshere you’ll learn everything you need to know about owning and maintaining your volkswagen including information on servicing and warranties. you’ll also find our entire collection of accessories and key information about our specific models.find out moreall‑in from volkswagen1get 2 years roadside assistance, up to 2 years warranty, 2 mots and 2 services, all for just £38 a month.find out moremot testno-one knows your volkswagen better than we do. so you can relax when your car is in for service, maintenance or repair, knowing it’s in the safe hands of experts.find out morelooking for a commercial vehicle?explore our range of commercial vehicleshead over to the dedicated volkswagen commercial vehicles website.visit volkswagen commercial vehiclesopens an external linkexplore volkswagenbrowse the rangefleettechnologyenvironmentpartnering with volkswagencareersservice & partspopular modelsgolfpoloid.4t-roctiguancommercial vehiclesused carsuseful toolsbook a test drive onlinebook a service or mot onlinefinance calculatorfind a retailerrequest a quotecalculate your company car taxsocialtiktokfacebooktwitterinstagramyoutubeneed helpcareersinfo for emergency responderscontact usnewslogintechnologyconnected servicesprivacycompliance and integritylegalfaqsfind a retailermanage cookiesid. import noticevolkswagen ag (imprint & legal texts)digital give awayproduct safety information© volkswagen 2025important information :1.excludes electric vehicles and vehicles with an existing service plan. vehicles that have been out of a warranty (that has been provided by volkswagen uk or volkswagen financial services) for more than 30 days will have a no-claim period of 30 days at the start of their policy. the all‑in warranty does not cover any vehicle already covered under any other guarantee, insurance, warranty and/or gesture of goodwill. volkswagen financial services.^if you are selecting a volkswagen id.3, id.4, id.5, id.7, id.7 tourer or id.buzz then prices shown are the mdp (manufacturer's direct price).  this is the price set by volkswagen which you pay for the vehicle.  volkswagen id vehicles are sold by volkswagen uk, a trading division of volkswagen group united kingdom limited (please note that you will need to visit an authorised volkswagen retailer (acting as agent for volkswagen uk) to order, purchase and take delivery of your volkswagen id vehicle).  the mdp includes delivery to an authorised volkswagen retailer (acting as agent for volkswagen uk), number plates, new vehicle registration fee, the first year's vehicle excise duty and vat (calculated at 20%).  you can find out more about the volkswagen model for selling id vehicles by clicking https://www.volkswagen.co.uk/en/legal/mdp-explained.html.

if you are selecting any other volkswagen vehicle (excluding the volkswagen id.3, id.4, id.5, id.7, id.7 tourer or id.buzz) then prices listed are manufacturer’s ‘on the road’ recommended retail price. actual prices are set by volkswagen authorised retailers in their sole discretion – always obtain these prices from your chosen volkswagen retailer.  recommended on-the-road (otr) retail prices include: delivery charge, number plates, new vehicle registration fee, the first year's vehicle excise duty and vat (calculated at 20%).

every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information above. prices are taken from the volkswagen website - this website contains a large number of products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products listed may be incorrectly priced. volkswagen may change prices at any time (this includes where there are government changes in regulation and/or legislation). there may be a delay to any price displaying correctly on our materials and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some vehicles may be incorrectly priced. always check prices with your local retailer.
please be advised we may not be able to provide valuations for vehicles which are outside certain age or mileage ranges, specialist or customised, or not registered in the uk. the actual sale price is dependent on a number of additional factors, which you can discuss further with your retailer. t&cs will apply.

















