

mantec international


















 




home 
services

software services

software & web development 
app development(andriod & ios) 
staff augmentation  
expertise 
platforms
methodology


support services

call center

in bound process

customer service
tech support


out bound process

decline
inquiry




back office

photo editing 
accounting
mortgage processing

quality compliance
pre underwriting
lock desk


data entry
platforms




email support


call center

in bound process 
out bound process

decline
inquiry










customers

customer's feedback


recognization & awards
company profile

overview
what we do
why mantec
vision & mission
president's profile


contact us




 
apycom jquery menus





   a diverse software and support services company
mantec is a leading provider of e-business solutions and custom applications for companies around the globe. combining proven expertise in emerging technologies and a strong understanding of new-economy business domains, mantec delivers end-to-end solutions that solve your technology needs.
 
      there are not many companies out there that can say their clients are at the top of their industry. mantec has had proven success with many fortune 1000 companies. what mantec has been able to provide for these clients is superior customer support that enabled these companies to save tremendous amounts of money and enabled them to concentrate on business. mantec is able to support your customers so that you can get back to business. we understand the importance of superior customer service when dealing with your customers.
 



what is mantec ?
mantec is a leading provider of e-business solutions and custom applications for companies around the globe. combining proven expertise in emerging technologies and a strong understanding of new-economy business domains...
read more


what we do ?

		the broad range of services offered by mantec include software and website development, customer service, data entry, mortgage processing and other back office functions around the clock for our clients saving them time and money...
		
read more


why mantec ?
mantec offers you several compelling reasons to pick its  service offerings over any other. at mantec we understand today's business market and how important it is to exceed your customer's expectations. mantec's state of the... 
read more



 








client feedback here is what our clients say about us:


























copyright © 2020 - all rights reserved - mantec international
 website design and development by - it and software exports division 






