

oncefamous









 






 


























 welcome to oncefamous.com  

the internet: the final refuge of forgotten 
celebrities.
from former stars of diff'rent strokes to 
fallen muscians and scandalized politicians, they're all out there kicking up nostalgia on the web. we help you find them.  
the once famous index 
has direct links to hundreds of official sites from
 these formerly beautiful people.  from the saddest geocities web space to the
 most glamorous flash technology interface -- we show 'em all. the only theme is that they were
 all once famous.  dried up celebrities struggling for their last gasp of fame in cyberspace.  
it's a pathetic yet truly fascinating journey.  
check out our featured forgotten section 
also, where we profile a particularly compelling site each month. see our 
bad fan pages if you really want to feel better about your own life. ever wonder how 
long a movie's web site is kept active? take a look at our 
eternal films corner 
to find out how some films never die when you have dot-com for life support.    
latest news
you're kidding right? you're here because you're in a retro mood. why would you care what a site waxing on yesterday's stars is working on today! 
well, if you have any media requests or anything else on your mind -- or heaven forbid you would want to advertise here -- go ahead and 
contact us if you do.  thanks.



feautred forgotten
she started acting after her brother landed a role in little house on the prairie but these days her brothers still doing work and she's tries to rhyme "christmas tree" with "rsvp" -- and it's not pretty. 
 

incidentally, try visiting the
 
the feathered back hair site if you're into 
camp feathered hairstyles or  
ilovemullets.com if you want to read some great mullet poetry! they're brilliant sites!


this site is a member of the siteclopedia network.














main menu




about us


suggest a site



report bad links


contact



angry emails



of links






this just in last river phoenix fan marries, tosses out "teen" magazine collection






the (once) famous




the index- all sites



pop-up parodies


featured forgotten

  


bad fan pages



eternal films
  







touch a fallen star





autographs



visit them



















© 2003 oncefamous.com
all rights reserved | 


sign our guestbook




























