







hottinger real estate, inc. - your best resource for homes and properties in east texas | hretx.com
















































hottinger real estate, inc. 
your best resource for homes and properties in east texas 





residential listings
land and lots
farm & ranches/rural acreage
commercial listings
seller representation
buyer representation
contact
about us
search homes
home value request
our offices









ph: 972-524-5683
direct: 469-863-2856
fax: 469-899-3546
203 n. rockwall ave.terrell, tx 75160













agency notices
texas real estate commission consumer protection notice
texas real estate commission information about brokerage services (iabs) 









buying? search now free!


get access to view every available listing in the area. click here to begin your search for your perfect home or real estate property.


 
 





selling? get a free home value request!


click here to find out how much you can get for your property. let me provide you a comparative market analysis(cma) with the sales prices of other similar properties in your area.






welcome to hretx.com, your source for real estate information on buying and selling real estate property and more!

when you are buying or selling property in today’s real estate market, it’s important to have confidence in your real estate professional. our commitment as your local realtors® is to provide you with the specialized real estate service you deserve.
when you are an informed buyer or seller, you’ll make the best decisions for the most important purchase or sale in your lifetime. that’s why our goal is to keep you informed on trends in the marketplace using the latest statistics in you local area. with property values continuing to rise, real estate is a sound investment for now and for the future.
as your local area experts with knowledge of the communities, our objective is to work diligently to assist you in meeting your real estate goals.
if you are considering buying or selling real estate or would just like to have additional information about real estate in your area, please don’t hesitate to call at (469)863-2856 or contact us by e-mail.
thank you for visiting www.hretx.com - please consider it as your online source for local real estate information, and return often for the latest property listing updates.


hottinger real estate, inc. offers the option to use docusign to our clients. docusign combines the power of esignatures and docusign transaction rooms to make it easy for our clients to keep their transactions organized in the cloud. you can work with one of our agents at any time, from your desktop or mobile device. 
 
 
 

it’s time consuming and costly to print, mail, fax, and overnight documents—and these processes are prone to error. with docusign, hottinger real estate, inc. will reduce the clutter for you while also lowering the environmental impact of doing business.


 




featured listings








step into this charming craftsman home with an inviting front porch!
$249,900
2 bedrooms, 1 baths, approx 1484 sq. ft.





home for sale in terrell no hoa!
$384,900
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, approx 1615 sq. ft.





2.5 acre lot for sale in the highly sought poetry community! 
$215,000

approx. 2.5 acres
» more listings
























byron cashion
hottinger real estate, inc.
 ph: 972-524-5683fax:469-899-3546
203 n. rockwall ave.
terrell, tx 75160 us
licensed real estate broker 0518016
www.hretx.com



home
landlord representation
tenant representation
residential listings
land and lots
commercial value request
featured listings
farm & ranches/rural acreage
commercial listings
seller representation
buyer representation
contact
buyer f.a.q's
buying hud homes
why use a realtor?
calculators
about us
seller f.a.q's
search homes
vip home finder
home value request
rental list
local schools
local weather
our agents
repair request
sign my guest book
local area
link directory
documents & files
mortgage glossary
mortgage reports
pre-qualify now
instant home value
preferred partners
f.a.qs
links
members area
sold listings
our offices



powered by linkurealty - real estate web design & websites






