








'inclusional research and aboriginal physics newsletter sitesc’








click on banner
immediately below to visit aboriginal physics newsletter/blog

 
 

 
as
we sit within the sharing circle and discuss the behaviour of the objects we
have seen in front of us,
 we become aware of
our own inclusion in the dynamical flow of a common living space.



 
 
and now the book! ...
free download ... a fluid dynamical
worldview  ... view cover/summary
 
 
 
inclusionality: 
 lifting  away the fog of cultural
self-deception
see also www.inclusional-research.org

 
‘inclusionality’
lifts away the scientifically-secularized religious concept of ‘local sovereign
being’ (the notional ‘existence’ of local independent objects with the
god-in-the-machine powers of internally originating behaviour), subsuming it
with a more natural and realistic nonlocal, fluid-dynamical spatial energy-flow based
understanding.
 
when the flow of solar irradiance cyclically intensifies,
the fluid-dynamics of the earth’s atmosphere are brought ‘towards the boil’ and
what we observe is a gathering (forming) and scattering (subducting)
and intensifying-in-strength and diminishing-in-strength of locally-appearing
‘boil-like’ dynamical forms in the earth’s atmosphere that we call
‘hurricanes’.
 
when science ‘zooms in’ on a hurricane, it is able to
explain it locally  in terms of thermal
flows using a euclidian space-frame to localize
things, wherein the circulations are seen as going ‘up’, ‘down’ and ‘sideways’,
influenced by forces associated with thermal differences and gravitational
‘density flows’.
 

 
the scientific ‘local-object-izing’
of the locally-appearing dynamical form in the ‘boiling fluid’ referentially
‘bolts’ the structural model to its nonlocal
fluid-dynamical space-inferred center (which we now understand to be ‘its local
object-center) and synthetically equips it with god-like internal powers of
originating ‘its own’ behaviour, eclipsing the fact that ‘it’ is in reality a locally-appearing dynamical form whose
‘powers’ derive from nowhere else but the nonlocal
fluid-dynamical spatial continuum in which it is an ‘included flow-form’.
 

from its former status as a locally appearing dynamical form in a nonlocal
fluid-dynamical spatial continuum, science has transformed this dynamical
entity into a local
independently-existing object-system with god-in-the-machine powers of
internally-originating behaviour. 
 
after we have re-cast this dynamical feature as a ‘local
object’, name-labelled it ‘rita’, scientifically explained its behaviour in local-internally-originating
terms and have begun speaking of it as if it were an independent being that ‘is
heading north towards houston’ and is ‘wreaking damage along the coast’, we
have lost track of the fact that ‘it’ is not really an ‘it”, an ‘independently
existing local organism/system’, but is instead a ‘locally-appearing dynamical
form within an otherwise invisible (featureless) fluid-dynamical
energy-flow.’   that is, as kepler and poincaré have both
observed, in our scientific modeling of nature, we tend to choose “not that
which is most true but that which is most easy.”  the atmospheric fluid-dynamic and the
dust-devil, like the wavefield and the water-wave,
while coming from the same natural phenomena, flag that fact that what is made
manifest to our observing minds (the locally-appearing dynamical form) is
simply the visible dynamical-child of the otherwise invisible mother-dynamic.
 
local objects, to which we implicitly attribute
god-in-the-machine powers of internally-originating behaviour, such as ‘genes’,
‘cells’, ‘organisms’, ‘systems’ and ‘organisations’, when restored in our
understanding to their original ‘inclusional’
condition, derive all of their power from the nonlocal
dynamical spatial continuum of nature (the ‘spacetime
continuum’) that they are included in. 
they are no longer seen as ‘powerboating’
their way through ‘the vacuum of a fixed euclidian containing space/frame
‘under their own steam’, and are instead understood as locally-appearing
dynamical forms within a nonlocal all-pervading
fluid-dynamical energy-flow in the manner that storms, hurricanes and tornadoes
are locally manifesting forms in an otherwise invisible fluid-dynamical space.
 
‘inclusionality’
provides a reminder of our western penchant for re-casting locally-appearing
dynamical forms as discrete and independently-existing local objects, eclipsing
from the observer’s view their real sourcing of power from the otherwise
invisible (were it not for these dynamical forms) fluid-dynamical energy-flow.   this artificial ‘eclipsing’ of their real
source of power is thus an artefact of scientifically objectifying these
locally-appearing dynamical forms and notionally equipping them with
god-in-the-machine powers of internally originating behaviour.
 
this transforming of locally-appearing dynamical forms, in
an otherwise invisible energy-flow continuum, thanks to this western
scientifically-secularized theological operation that has us mentally impose
into them god-like powers of internal-first-cause behavioural origination, has
become so automatic and habitual that we pass over it without recalling that we
are choosing “those concepts that are not most true but which are most easy.’
 
having created local, internally-powered beings or
‘independent causal agents’ from locally-appearing dynamical forms in the
energy-flow continuum, we go on to compound the error of this approximation by
claiming these ‘independent local beings’ to be ‘fully and solely responsible
for their own behaviours’. 
 
by this manner of thinking, we develop political and
economic theory wherein the farmer is taken to be ‘causally responsible for’
his agricultural harvest and the organisation is taken to be ‘causally
responsible for’ its productive achievements and the sovereign nation-object is
taken to be responsible for its diverse multiplicity of productive achievements
etc. etc.   thus the true source of power
in the energy-flow continuum of nature is ‘eclipsed’ by this ‘foreground
objectification’, as when we objectify and name-label locally appearing
dynamical forms in the atmosphere (e.g. hurricanes), explain their internal
powers of local originating behaviour by way of ad hoc ‘local forces’ and
‘local flows’, making them ‘causally responsible’ for wreaking destruction on
cities and coastlines etc.   
 
such a theory/paradigm, couched in terms of local causal
agents cannot give us an understanding of those same situations where we
suspend our imposing of local object-being and for example see the hurricanes
as ‘boils’ in the fluid dynamical space of the atmosphere induced by solar
irradiance cycles that gather and scatter, intensify and diminish, showing
their ‘true colours’, that of locally appearing dynamical forms within a
fluid-dynamical energy-flow space.
 
 * * *
 
in sum, ‘inclusionality’
is a straight-forward concept that speaks to a more natural and realistic way of understanding the dynamics of the
world we live.
 
if we ‘take relativity to heart’, with its understanding
that energy-flow is more foundational to an understanding of dynamics than ‘material
objects’ and ‘what they do’, ... then we get ‘inclusionality’.
 
inclusionality
gives us to understand that the world is a fluid energy dynamic and that what
we have been calling ‘objects’; i.e. local material bodies or material
organisms. that we say are ‘are
independently-existing’,... lose their scientific legitimacy since ‘objects’
are not meaningful in a world that is ‘fluidly flowing’.  in fact, what we have been calling ‘objects’,
in a fluid-dynamical world, become, instead, ‘locally-appearing dynamical forms
in the fluid-dynamical spatial continuum’ (or, ‘nature’).  these dynamical forms are induced into shape
by, and give shape to, the dynamics of the receptive spatial context that they
both include and are included in.   that is, they include
the fluid dynamical space they are included in, and it is their unique
situation within this continuum, a situation born of continuing
scattering-gathering in the service of restoring
and sustaining dynamical balance, that gives them their particularity of
dynamical form.
 
this fluid-dynamical understanding (‘inclusionality’, as an awareness of the 'tao’ and
‘logos’) is naturally viable and logically self-consistent.  it is simply ‘what
we get’ when we let go of the popular modeling of dynamics in terms of local,
independent objects/organisms with internally-originating behaviour.
 
now, it is no small challenge, to shift our mode of
understanding ‘dynamics’ and ‘the world dynamic’ from the standard cultural
basis of ‘local objects’ to the non-standard alien-to-culture
basis of ‘nonlocal fluid-(energy-)-dynamics’, but
this is what ‘inclusionality’
implies is necessary, to get our actions back in harmony with our natural
experience (i.e. stop the dysfunction that arises from imagining ourselves as
‘local, independent-existing objects with god-like powers of locally
originating behaviour).
 
everywhere we used to think in terms of ‘objects’, we have
to shift to thinking in terms of ‘convection cells’ (purely relational
dynamical forms), and everywhere we used to think in terms of ‘organisms’, we
have to shift to thinking in terms of ‘ecologies’ (purely relational dynamical
formations wherein the dynamic of the collective transcends the dynamics of the
individuals in the collective, as is always the case in fluid-dynamical
flow-forms.  e.g. see figure below where,
in the bee-cells, soap-bubbles and convection-cells in boiling water, the
collective of locally-appearing 
spherical forms channels influence back from ‘the nonlocal’
to ‘the local’ to reshape the form of its individual participants in a manner
that is clearly not coming from god-like powers of locally originating
behaviour.).
 

 
 
that is, in an object-free fluid energy-flow, we can never
separate the foreground ‘entities’ from the background ‘flow’; i.e. the former
is included in the latter in the manner the ‘foreground’ tornado is included in
the ‘background’ dynamical space of the atmosphere (and beyond).   instead of regarding a rock or a human being
as ‘local, independent objects in a void and static euclidian containing space
‘reference frame’ (wherein we bolt the structural description of a
locally-appearing dynamical form to ‘its’ own center), ...’inclusionality’ would have us envisage them as
‘locally-appearing dynamical forms’ in the ‘nonlocal
dynamical spatial continuum (energy-flow) of nature’.
 
when our natural living space is understood as an energy
flow, what we used to call ‘objects’ or ‘things’ we now understand instead as
‘dynamical forms’ (such as convection-cells) within the flow, in the manner of
a tornado within the flowing airspace of the atmosphere.  it may be convenient (‘most easy’) to
‘objectify’ the tornado and speak of it as if it were a ‘local thing in its own
right’, but we know it is ‘most true’ to regard the ‘tornado’, not as a local
object that has ‘its own behaviour’ but instead, ‘inclusionally’,
... as a dynamical form in a flow that is itself invisible, yet ‘inferred’ by
the locally-appearing yet ‘relative’ movements of the dynamical forms.
 
inclusionality
would have us understand ourselves, individual human organisms, in this same
way, as ‘locally-appearing dynamical forms (convection cells) in the nonlocal dynamical spatial continuum of nature’ (the
‘energy-flow’ that is ‘nature’). 
 
and like the tornado or hurricane in the dynamical space of
the atmosphere, we can understand ourselves as locally-appearing dynamical
forms that give manifest expression to the ‘nonlocal
mother-energy-flow’ as she pursues the sustaining of dynamical balance within
her continually transforming self. 
 
our birth does seem to be like a ‘gathering’ and our death
like a ‘scattering’ as in fluid-flow and we do all seem to ‘boil’ up together
in a flow and to run together in a common passage like the ‘boils’ in a flowing
stream, and if we open up to the notion of the universe as a nonlocal fluid-dynamical spatial continuum, ... then there
is not that far to go to conceive of a continuing circle of
scattering-feeding-gathering (death-feeding-life) as in nature’s solar-powered
water cycle (from mountains down river valleys into ocean basins and back to
sky and down again in unbroken cyclic continuity), to the point that one may
begin to understand where one is in
the whereness-is-oneness poetic understanding of
north american aboriginals who ‘tread lightly’ because in the rain that falls
and renews the ground are the faces of the not-yet-born.
 
of course we are free to deny our ‘inclusional
reality’ and we can persist in
imposing a ‘local object-ized god-in-the-machine’
view of our ‘self’ and ‘collective others’ on our own mentally modeling
apparatus, but such objectification is not imposed on nature, and so, as rich
and powerful farmers priding ourselves on our agricultural harvests, and in the
process eclipsing the true origins of our power, we may one day suffocate in
our own pesticides.
 
far better to acknowledge that we have opted for
‘objectification’, a scientifically-secularized theological concept, ‘not
because it is most true but because it is most easy’, ... and for matters that
lie close to the heart, accept that we are nothing other than
‘locally-appearing dynamical forms in the ‘nonlocal
fluid-dynamical spatial continuum’ wherein it is the intrinsic mission of all
such forms to serve the sustaining of dynamical balance and harmony, according
to the unique particulars of their situational inclusion.  
 
--- ted lumley,  
november 2, 2007
 

 

­­­­­­­­­­­­­­
 
 
february
12, 2006
 
hello!
 
welcome to the
goodshare.org website (the personal website of ted
 lumley).  the writings
on this website are the outwellings of an intention
of developing a deeper understanding of the dynamical space in which we share
our life experience, and how we are jointly bound up with and within it (see the
‘law’ and its application , sept 15, 2006).  the website is organized in a kind of ‘paleogeologically layered’ way so that it is possible to
‘drill down’ and read what was written and what the perspective was back in 1995, 1997-2000, 2001-2002 , the  2001-2005
vintage home page , an ongoing blog sharing personal impressions of local and world
events and/or a continually updated sos
in english, français
and deutsch  (whoops, my intentions to translate into
french and german have not yet been realized). (the ‘sos’ page is a compendium of
observations which invite the question ‘science or superstition’).
 
this
graphic at the top of this page is an important symbolic on this effort to
better understand our common living space. 
it was drawn by montréal artist jacques rainville (dual abenaki and québecois-french
heritage) and represents a native style ‘learning circle’ (also known as
‘sharing circle’ or ‘healing
circle’).  it depicts, looking down in
plan view, eight participants (note their eyelashes) each with a personal
experience-shaped view of the world (represented by the screen show that is
going on at the arc at the outermost edge of the ‘triangle’ that projects from
their eyes).  as they share their
heartfelt experiences, relaxing the notion that ‘their personal reality is the true reality’,
a holodynamical understanding of the dynamical world hostspace we all share inclusion in forms like a ‘virtual
crystal ball’ in the center.   this
graphic is often used on this website juxtaposed for contrast against its western
euro-american counterpart which shows a similar group debating about whose
personal view of reality is ‘the
most truthful’ and the jigsaw/patchquilt ‘understanding’ that results from this
right/wrong conflict with its patches of purported truth weighted according to
the relative political power of the contributor (a marked contrast with the
coherency-coming-from-commonality
based ‘holographic truth’).
 
this
current vintage of introduction attempts to employ the maximum succinctness
that this writer (an ‘infp’ in myers-briggs terminology) is capable of.
 
so with
that, let the terse account of findings-to-date begin with the ‘keystone’ issue;  (see also the letter
to the 13 indigenous grandmothers at www.goodshare.org/grandmas.htm
)
 

major dysfunction arises in our
     western-culture-dominated society from our tradition of speaking and
     thinking in terms of ‘what things do’.

 
there is a ‘gap’
between our thinking and talking about reality
in terms of ‘what things do’ versus ‘the behaviours of things’ that is the
source of massive, pervasive ‘incoherence’ in our individual and collective
behaviours.  the reality
we talk about and seek to modify is not the reality
we experience.   thus our attempts to
‘build a better tomorrow’ wherein peace and harmony are sustained cannot
possibly occur so long as we continue to guide our behaviour and operate on
‘the wrong reality’, a reality based on ‘what
things do’ that misses the mark and in no way describes ‘the behaviour of things’.
 
everywhere
in our culture, and particularly in the media and in the universities, we are
silently encouraged to accept views of reality
in terms of ‘what things do’ (the causal
actions of local independent objects with local object-center-driven
behaviours).
 
this
promotes a general ‘insanity’ which is what we are currently living in and
using to guide our political activism and self-management and governance
schemes.
 
there is
‘nothing wrong’ with our interpersonal relations, the informal way we live and
love. we simply ‘go with our experience’ in these activities.  the problem comes when we raise our eyes,
look out into the world and ask ‘what is going on out there and what should our
response be?’  this is where the
dysfunction enters our lives, by way of our socio-political mental modeling and
responses which are, mistakenly, in terms of ‘what things do’ (as a simplified descriptive tool, there is no
problem with the ‘what things do’
model, the problems arise when it is confused with ‘reality’
so that ‘what we do’ based on the ‘what things do’ model has very
different results from those we intend; i.e. our actions are not deterministic
but spatially transformative.)
 
the picnics,
love affairs, family activities, game-playing on the corner lot, meditating in
the forest, in the mountains or at sea, …. all of
these are free from this western ‘what
things do’ dysfunction, but everything that has to do with ‘judgement and
analysis of what is going on out there’ in the media, in management and in
government on a ‘what things do’
basis, is subject to it.   
 
we could
say that ‘how we relate spontaneously with one other’ is free from it, and ‘how
we deliberately organize to ‘deterministically’ modify our socio-political reality and to ‘construct a better tomorrow’ for ourselves is infused with it (incoherence and dysfunction).
 
the gap between ‘what things do’ and ‘the
behaviour of things’
 
at first
glance, it may appear that these two phrases;
‘what things do’… and… ‘the behaviour
of things’ cannot express anything different, but a moment’s reflection can
bring you back to the same problem faced by isaac newton as he tried to
formulate laws that described celestial dynamics.  he found that he could describe the solar
system dynamic in terms of ‘what the planets do’ (acting from their internal
centers outward)  but he could not
explain ‘the behaviour of the planets’ (in an outside-inward sense relative to
the celestial hostspace dynamic; i.e. how was it that
they came into, and sustained this harmonious clustering?).  
 
you can see
the difference now, in that ‘what things
do’ is a mental model that ignores the fact that these things are included
within the dynamic of a larger hostspace whereas ‘the behaviour of things’ is more
ambiguous and ‘leaves the door open’, for example, for things being whipped
about by the influence of the space they are included in, in the manner that
electrically charged particles are whipped about in an electromagnetic field.
 
[relativity and
‘field’ physics have subsumed, through mass-energy equivalence, the notion of a
material entity as an ‘independent object’, and instead represent ‘things’ as
coherent concentrations of energy in a common spatial-relational
energy-flow-field (spacetime continuum).  when speaking of whorls in a flow, the two
phrases; ‘what whorls do’ (as local-center-based authors of behaviour) and ‘the
behaviour of whorls’ (as nonlocal-acentric inferences
of overall behaviour) convey very different meanings.] 
 
our western
‘default’ for reality modeling is ‘what things do’.  there is no place in this model to account
for behaviours of things being inductively shaped by the space they are situationally included in. 
that is, this ‘what things do’
model orients the dynamics to the centers of the things and constructs the
overall dynamic of action, transaction, interaction in this inside-outward in
temporal sequence fashion (for example, ‘the earth rotates’, as poincaré points out, makes it appear as if the action of
the earth comes from the local [axial] center of itself when it is instead nonlocally sourced). 
if there ‘is’ any outside-inward shaping influence on ‘the behaviour of things’, it cannot be
accounted for in this western ‘default’ manner of constructing ‘reality models’.
 
our
experience informs us that we cannot ignore outside-inward influence on ‘the behaviour of things’.   if we are a group of people in a cart that
is being taken to the guillotine, we are aware that we have ‘free will’ and
that, within the cart, we can do what we want to do.  if the cart was big enough and our trip was
long enough, we could construct a little community in it, with a university in
which we developed scientific laws based on ‘what things do’ and validated them in laboratory experiments.  there would be nothing in any of this that
would contradict this ‘what things do’
based reality.    but of course, all the while we are
discussing and responding to this ‘what
things do’ sub-reality, we are
inextricably included in an evolving flow-dynamic, the french revolutionary
dynamic which in turn nests within the evolutionary dynamic of the natural
world.  the ‘bigger story’ concerns our
inclusion within the hostspace flow-dynamic within
which we can reduce our awareness and focus on a lesser reality constructed on the basis of ‘what things do’.  
 
in our
inside-the-cart community, our attention is fully taken up by, for example,
‘building a better tomorrow’ for our community.   we may become so pre-occupied with this and
so proud of our ‘free will’, our ‘independence’ of behaviour and our creative
constructivism that underpins our individual ‘assertive accomplishments’ that
we forget about the ‘bigger story’ of our inclusion within a hostspace flow-dynamic (evolutionary flow-dynamic) which is
going to prevail regardless of our best-laid plans in this, our ‘what things do’ reality.
 
in the
modern era where communications technology instantly and frequently permeates
our global village discursive ambiance, we come to know things through ‘the
media’ and today’s media follows the euro-american default of presenting ‘reality’ in terms of ‘what things do’.   this in
turn incites us to respond to this pseudo-reality
and to get involved in ‘making things
happen’.   the
‘politician-in-us’ encourages us to ‘work together to build the community of
our dreams’.  politicians
everywhere are encouraging different groups of us to do this in different ways,
and all at the same time.  what happens
when a multiplicity of social collectives simultaneously work on making their
dream realities come true when they
are included in a common hostspace that does not even
figure in their forward-constructivist dream reality?
(as politicians that embrace this ‘what
things do’ sub-reality’ as ‘reality’, we have formally declared the ‘independence’
of our nations, as well as our individual citizens, and proclaimed that all men
and all nations have equal rights to their individual pursuit of life, liberty
and happiness.).   
 
how ‘realistic’ is such behaviour?   our local experience informs us of what
happens within a shared space when a particular group starts doing their own
thing and ignoring how this is encroaching on the activities of others included
within the common space.   we do not
‘really’ live in absolute empty and infinite space as is the implicit
‘euclidian’ foundation of a space-ignoring reality
based on entirely on ‘what things do’.
 
the only
reasonable way to manage the dynamics of multiple communities sharing a common
space such as the finite and unbounded space on the surface of the earth is to
put into precedence the sustaining of global balance (dynamical equilibrium)
and harmony.   to put the ‘individual’ or
‘national’ interests first when one is situated within a finite and unbounded
space and attempt the independent construction of desired future situations is
a recipe for endless conflict rather than dynamical balance.
 
an example of how ‘the behaviour of things’ is more
complex than ‘what things do’
 
given that
we are pushing an over-simplified reality
in terms of ‘what things do’ far
beyond its useful limits, we need to examine how this over-simplified reality model persists ‘in power’ in our society,
including as mentioned, how that persistence is achieved via the media, the
universities and our belief in ‘science’ (still ‘newtonian’
for the most part).  but that is
something one can explore and reflect on oneself, after one has the core
concept firmly in mind, and it is not easy to hold it firmly in mind because we
are continually bombarded with fully popularly accepted accounts of reality in terms of ‘what things do’.
 
crowd
dynamics provide us with an opportunity to expose the limitations of the ‘what things do’ model of reality.
 
when we are
immersed in a crowd dynamic, we experience its ‘topography’ in terms of islands
of stasis, of fast moving channels and slow-moving channels, quiet lagoons etc.
and these features of the dynamical landscape shape our movements as
individuals and as a collective.   these
features, meanwhile, are ‘made of’ us who are on the move.  they are ‘standing wave patterns’ in the flow
of things (people).  moreover, people are
continuously coming into the crowd and departing from the crowd so that what we
call ‘the crowd’ is not a material structure or ‘group of things’ but a
spatial-relational patterning.
 
the ‘crowd’
in terms of ‘material objects’ could be replaced 100 times over as people move
through it even though it may largely arrive at a stable flow-form that will
persist, more or less, as people continue to ‘flow through it’. but what is
‘it’ if ‘it’ is not explainable in terms of ‘what
things do’?   without burying ourselves
in relativity theory, we can say that it is an ‘interference pattern’ that
forms not from ‘what things do’ but
instead from ‘what things do relative to one another and the collective they
are included in’.   whenever a group of
things ‘start doing stuff’, the influence of space creeps in and they set up an
‘accommodative backpressure’ that reciprocally shapes ‘what they are doing’.  this
accommodative backpressure is how the common hostspace
(that these things are included in) acts as a mediative
shaper of ‘what things do’.  this is the source of ‘self-organization’
where ‘the things that assert’ and the ‘accommodating backpressure of space’,
in assertively pushing into and resistively receiving one another, get into a
resonant mode.
 
now we can
see the approximation that is built into our western default of modeling reality in terms of ‘what things do’.  it is a
simple model that fails to account for the behaviour-shaping influence of the
accommodative spatial backpressure that emerges from ‘what things do’ within a finite and unbounded common space.  that is, as the late stephen jay gould
persistently reminded us, there can be no assessment of ‘hitting’ (‘what things do’) out of the context of
‘fielding’ (the accommodating, … or disaccommodating,
… backpressure of the space we are doing it in) since these two are simply
psychologically split apart aspects of a dynamical unity.  the islands and channels in the flow of
people that shape the flow of people are ‘made of people-flow’ rather than
‘made of people’ (i.e. they are made of immaterial ‘thing-flow’ rather than
being materially made of ‘things’).
 
of course
we can crudely simplify this dual (in a psychological sense) reality by simply imposing the perspective that all of
the movement is due to ‘what things do’
and ignore the spatial-shaping of behaviour that is set up by the manner in
which things move relative to one another and the overall dynamical collective
in which they are included.  certainly if
we track each individual as he makes his way ‘through the crowd’ (already an
organism-environment-splitting misnomer since ‘he is the crowd he is making his
way through’) we can accept that he acted from his individual and independent
‘free will’ and that his behaviour is explainable in terms of newton’s laws etc. (these are simply the abstract
foundational assumptions we have built into the ‘what things do’ mental model of reality).

 
we can say
that ‘he chose’ to take the indirect circuitous route around the people-islands
and make passage via the fast-moving channel, but ‘in [the larger] reality’ he, and others like him, are co-creating the
landscape that is shaping their own and the collective behaviour.
 
we cannot
‘disconnect’ ‘what the thing does’
from ‘the accommodating spatial back-influence that is shaping his
behaviour’.   we cannot say ‘he moves
through the crowd’ since ‘he is the crowd’ (the ‘collective he’ is the crowd).
 
trans-generational crowd dynamics
 
when people
flow through space in a crowd dynamic, the shape of the space they are flowing
through is the ‘they’ that are flowing through it.   in other words, ‘the space that we are
trying to understand is the ‘we’ that are trying to understand it.’ (r.d. laing in the politics
of experience discusses how our ‘normality’
is alienating us from ourselves and
expresses this same experience-validated
reality wherein we relate to the
space we are in, in the manner that a hurricane relates to the atmosphere (inclusionally) in the terms; ‘the life i am trying to grasp
is the me that is trying to grasp it.’
 
if we
acknowledge that we are included in a spatial flow that shapes our behaviour
from the outside inwards, as is the case of the group in the cart on their way
to the guillotine, and as is the case in general, then we can see that the
simplified reality we build in the
inside-outward, temporal-sequential terms of ‘what things do’ is an inadequate model for reality.  it
makes us think that we are each free, as individuals, corporations, nations, …
to ‘make things happen’ in the way we want them to, … to ‘build our own
individual or corporate or national ‘desired futures’.   but in the larger reality,
we share a common operating space and as we all simultaneously ‘do our
respective make-it-happen thing’ we involuntarily set up an ‘unmanaged’ accommodative
backpressure in the form of a topography that shapes our forward-asserting
‘doing’. 
 
certain
individuals can really be ‘squished’ and ‘suffocated’ by spatial disaccommodation and they may react violently. if we hold
firmly to our model of reality based
solely on ‘what things do’ then we
will say that the violent action sprang forth from the inner purpose of the
individual and we will hold him fully accountable for his actions.  since a modelled reality
based on ‘what things do’ innately lacks the capacity to account for
space-based shaping influences on behaviour by way of ‘disaccommodating
backpressure’, there is no way, within the model itself, to account for the
suffocating experience that sourced the violent ‘doing’.  the point here is not that we should put up
with the individual or nation that has become violent,
it is that the ‘what things do’ pseudo-reality
is a ‘causal model’ that invites us to think in the terms that if we eliminate
‘the things that do violence’ then we will eliminate the violence.  
 
the ‘what things do’ model innately lacks
the capacity to explain how a group of participants in a shared space can
co-create accommodative backpressure that will selectively accommodate the
asserting of some and disaccommodate (suffocate) others
as they try to actualize their
assertive potentials.   a judge in the
western ‘what things do’ based
justice system has nothing in the model itself by which to ‘accuse’ the
community as a whole of selectively disaccommodating
some of their own members, so the punishment of a jean valjean
is left to the intuition of the judge. 
if he is a ‘fundamentalist’
and believes absolutely in the ‘what things do’ model, which is bound together
with the absolutist (mutually exclusive) notions of ‘good’ and ‘evil’., ‘superior’
and ‘inferior’ etc. then he may ‘show no mercy’, … but more than this, he will
not even begin to think in terms of society (the shared hostspace
dynamic) being a co-author of the troublesome behaviour since the ‘what things do’ model is founded on the
notion that all behaviour comes from the ‘free will’ and ‘inner purpose’ of the
‘thing’.  he will think instead of
‘probability’ and ‘luck of the draw’, continuing to see the action of the
individual as fully and solely ‘his own’ rather than acknowledging that there
can be no assessment of ‘hitting’ (assertive behaviour of the ‘thing’) out of
the context of ‘fielding’ (the accommodative backpressure of the hostspace his asserting is included in).
 
it is not
merely over the course of hours that these standing wave flow-patterns can
emerge within the flow that shape the flow.  since the principle is clear that these
behaviour-shaping spatial accommodation patterns persist without dependence on
‘what particular things do’ (they form out of the way that things move relative
to one another and the dynamical flowspace they are
included in) there is no reason why their behaviour-shaping form cannot persist
longer than the lifetime of individual people.  
that is, these behaviour-shaping spatial-relationship based
flow-patterns can be ‘trans-generational’. 
thus a group of men born into the industrial age is like the group of
men in the cart on the way to the guillotine and/or a group of men in the crowd
flow-dynamic; there is the sense of free-will and of a reality
based on what things do (within the cart) but all the while one’s behaviour (or
group behaviour) is being shaped by the spatial-relational flowscape
one is included in and by one’s movements, helping to sustain the shape of (or
to transform the shape of) it.
 
as
physicist-systems thinkers such as erich jantsch (the self-organizing universe) have
noted, the acknowledging that we are the evolving space we are included in,
relieves us of our sense of alienation
from the world we live in (the darwinian notion of the organism locked in
combat with his own environment is more of the oversimplified ‘what things do’ model of reality).  since
jantsch goes for the throat of this matter, i include
his quote herewith;
"this new
picture of science, which is primarily oriented towards models of life, rather
than mechanical models, has not only brought about change in science.
thematically and with respect to the kind of knowledge, it is related to those
other events that, at the beginning of the last third of our century, have
signalled a metafluctuation. the basic themes are the
same everywhere. they are summarized in terms like self-determination,
self-organization, and self-renewal and in the recognition of a systematic
interconnection of all natural dynamics throughout space and time, in the
logical primacy of processes over structures, in the role of fluctuations that
overrule the law of mass and give the individual and his creative insights a
chance, and, finally, in the openness and creativity of an evolution that is
predetermined neither in its newly forming and its vanishing structures nor in
its end effect. science is at the point of recognizing these principles as
general laws of a natural dynamics. applied to man and his system of life, they
are an expression of natural life in the deepest sense. the dualistic separation of nature and culture is thereby
overcome. there is a kind of joy in reaching out, in stepping beyond natural
processes --- the joy of life. there is a kind of meaning in life's connection
with other processes within an all-encompassing evolution --- the meaning of
life. we are not at the mercy of evolution --- we are evolution….." --- erich jantsch, 'die selbst-organisation des universums', 1982).
why hasn’t this ‘larger reality’ modeling wherein ‘we are evolution’ ‘caught
on’?
 
as
mentioned earlier, there is no problem with our personal experience based reality, our family life, our love life, our informal
and spontaneous somatic engagement with and within our shared living space, …
the problem arises in those activities (social and political organization
oriented) where we deliberately seek to construct a model of reality and to use it as a basis for ‘improving it’ so
as to construct a ‘better tomorrow’. or ‘the community
we dream of’.   these time-sequential idealizations are based on the simplified ‘what things do’ model of reality, and they are blind to how we co-creatively
cultivate accommodative spatial backpressure that is shaping our behaviour in
an over-riding way.
 
there are many
entrenched beliefs in the western psyche that we have to ‘let go of’ in order
to let go of the over-simplified ‘what
things do’ model and move to the model of reality
wherein ‘the space that we are trying to understand is the we
that is trying to understand it’.  here’s
a shortlist of some of the concepts that have to be superseded in order to open
the door to a more natural and consistent-with-experience modeling of reality;
 

the universe is a living universe.  the notion that ‘life’ is a recent arrival
     in the universe ‘has to go’ as does the perceived split between the
     ‘inanimate realm’ and the ‘animate realm’. 
     that there are more complex ‘things’ (flow-features) in the world
     is explained by seeing the world as an energy-field-flow (spacetime continuum) within which more complex
     features upwell through such dynamics as nested
     inclusion (wherein, for example, prokaryotic micro-organisms sustain a
     symbiotic group dynamic that is described as a ‘eukaryotic cell’).  this sort of organization can be seen in
     terms of ‘made-of-flow’ spatial relationship rather than in terms of newly
     evolved ‘independent objects’. 
     ‘man’ is thus not a ‘more highly evolved thing’ but is an emergent
     complex flow-form within the thingless
     connectedness of a relative and quantum wave dynamical naturespace.

 

what we refer to as ‘things’ (independent objects) are
     flow-features within the thingless-connectedness
     of the spacetime continuum.  no ‘thing’ is an independent object and
     no thing is solely responsible for its own behaviour (motion is relative),
     whether such a thing is a human being, a nation, or a corporation.   in reality
     our activities interpermeate within a common
     relational hostspace dynamic.  attempts to prove ‘causal determinism’
     by invoking such logical notions as ‘if i point a gun at your head and
     pull the trigger and you die, did i not cause your death?’ fail to get by
     the fact that this is a ‘small reality’
     compared to the flow that includes us. 
     the ‘smoking gun’ test can be applied within the cart on the way to
     the guillotine and while within the cart the ‘what things do’ reality
     will be confirmed by the same limited ‘logic of mutual exclusion’ by which
     it has been constructed, it does not address the flow that this laboratory
     and its experiment is included in. 
     a tsumani that engulfed the courtroom
     where the gun-crime was being re-enacted would supersede in meaning, this
     in-the-cart pseudo-proof of ‘what
     things do’ causal determinism.

 

the evolving space of now is all that our experience
     can inform us of, all else is abstraction.  the only place we live and experience is
     in ‘the space of now’ (the world of the continuing present).  while we talk about ‘the past’ and ‘the
     future’ as if they were ‘real’, they can never be more than abstractions,
     idealizations that have been
     excised from the continuing world of our experience.  insofar as we are captivated by our
     desire to ‘build a better tomorrow’, to construct ‘the community of our
     dreams’ or by our tendency to dwell remorsefully or joyously on ‘the
     past’, we distract ourselves from our participation in the evolving space
     of now.   the point is not to not think about ‘the past’ and ‘the future’, but
     is instead to recognize these as abstract concepts that do not equivalence
     with the ‘natural reality’ of
     ‘now’.   the evolving space we live
     in contains everything, nature leaves nothing out, the past, present and
     future are enfolded in the evolving space of now.  it is merely a space and time framing
     convention that has us think in the terms that we
     have ‘left the historical past
     behind us’ and that ‘the future is out there ahead of us and is
     approaching us’.  to say that ‘the
     world has changed’ does not mean that there are old worlds left behind
     like ghosts, it can mean that space in its entirety is evolving like the
     infant evolves from ovum to adult.

 

health, living and dying are to do with ‘dynamical
     balance’ in an evolving hostspace.  the abstraction that we invent and refer
     to as ‘time’ is rooted in the notion of ‘counting’ perfect cyclic
     repetitions which cannot occur in the continuously evolving space of
     nature.  in an evolving space, every
     emergent entity participates via its unique situational inclusion and its
     persistence derives from sustaining inner-outer dynamical equilibrium.  health and illness are thus not an attribute
     of ‘what things do’ (as in the
     man-made machine model where ‘health’ = all parts functioning ‘normally’
     and ‘illness’ is tautologically defined as = ‘not-health’ or ‘abnormality’) but instead derive from ‘the behaviour of things’ wherein
     balance is sustained amongst a simultaneous multiplicity of process flows
     that do not stop at the outer skin of the cell or organism.   while the western one-sided,
     constructivist ‘what things do’
     (machine) model yields the notion of temporal aging of ‘the thing’, our
     natural experience informs us that we are uniquely included participants
     in the evolution of our hostspace.  the local ‘whorl’ that emerges in the
     flow and visibly participates in its transformation is the transforming
     flow and like the hurricane in the atmosphere, always was ‘nonlocal’ in nature (centered locality is always inferred since motion is
     relative) though our visual perception orients to localized dynamical forms rather than overall
     spatial-relationships (as contrasted with our felt experience of
     inclusion).  the idea of
     man/organism as a stand-alone machine that comes out of nowhere, is
     assessed solely on the basis of ‘what
     it does’, ages on-its-own towards a future defunct status with the
     perfect and relentless tick-tocks of absolute
     time and ultimately ‘stops doing what it does’ and is thrown on the junk
     pile, …  is destructive nonsense
     that denies our participation in transforming the (energy-flow) space of
     the continuing present that we and everything are inclusions in.

 
 
summary;
 
i have been
trying to keep this introduction ‘succinct’ and so i shall draw it to a close
with a brief summarizing commentary. 
first, i haven’t mentioned the ‘inclusionality’ sharing circle research that supports
the ideas presented in this introduction so as not to complicate an
articulation of the basic findings, but there are plenty of references to it on
this website (and via the website links given at the foot of this page).
 
the
essential finding is that space (as in energy-field-flow) is the dominating reality and that ‘things’ are secondary flow-features
in the manner that the hurricane is a flow-feature of the atmospheric hostspace.  it is
convenient to speak about the hurricane as if it were a ‘thing’ (e.g.
‘katrina’) and to shift our reality
model to ‘what things do’, … as if
the dynamics we see out there in the world ‘really are’ constructed in an
inside-outward temporal-sequential fashion that is based on the movements of
the centers of the flow-features.   while
this many be a convenient reduction of our natural reality,
a larger reality is that of a
transforming flow-space wherein ‘things’ are emergent flow-features that are
‘made of the space they are included in’  (they are essentially ‘nonlocal’ in nature though our visual perception orients to
local dynamical form).
 
this is
very hard to ‘hold on to’ for a western acculturated person (i know from
experience) though it is what aboriginals and many easterners have no trouble
at all in holding on to as the ‘primary’ reality.  for the reasons just mentioned, it is
difficult for us not to regress to a belief in the ‘smaller reality’ based on ‘what
things do’ since it is so ubiquitously built into the structures of our
social organization.   for example, we
teach ‘what things do’ based darwinian
evolution as if it were ‘reality’.  for someone who, through their education, has
come to believe in ‘darwinian evolution’ (that ‘things evolve’ rather than
‘co-evolving’ as is the implication when the ‘universe’ is recognized as the
primary ‘unit of evolution’) it is hard to supersede it with the notion that
‘the living universe evolves’ though hypotheses such as ‘the gaia hypothesis’
move us in this direction, and philosophers such as erwin schroedinger
(author of ‘quantum wave dynamics) would clearly have it so as well.
 
as soon as
we turn on the television or pick up the newspaper, we are informed, in terse
and educated terms uttered by the icons and respected authority figures of our ‘what things do’ western culture, of the
goings on in terms of a reality that
is ‘what things do’ based.   what are we to believe?   our western society is like a community
situated within the cart on its way to the guillotine whose constituents are so
impressed with their own free-will and independence and wondrously creative
constructions that they are fully focused on ‘what they are doing’ to construct the future reality that they want.  a preoccupation that occludes their awareness
of being in the flow., and without
such awareness they cannot assume their natural responsibilities as
co-transformers of the flow (their obsession with ‘what things do’ out there in front of them, diverting them from
their natural role as co-transformers of the space they are included in; i.e.
participants in a ‘crowd dynamic’ have an intuitive awareness that, in their
forward asserting they co-evolve the accommodating channels that enable their
forward asserting, … they are co-creative shapers of the space they are
included in.  to forget one’s natural
responsibility for co-creating spatial accommodation within a shared hostspace and to instead concentrate solely on ‘getting
things done’ is a recipe for non-sustainable growth and the conflict that
arises from disaccommodating the less aggressive or
less technologically equipped.).     
 
the notion
in the news is in the forward constructivist terms that ‘we can make this world
a better place’ and this is a dysfunctional notion which can be visualized in terms of the group in the cart denying
their inclusion in a hostspace flow that over-rides
any of their ‘what things do’ based
actions.   that is, we are included in
the world and it is beyond our powers of forward-driving constructivism to do a
‘make-over’ of the space we are included in. 
in order to sustain harmony in the world we live in, we must re-store to
natural precedence our awareness of inclusion in a common hostspace
that has properties of accommodation.  we
are not in control of this space. together, we (not just man but the whole inclusionally nested spectrum of flowforms)
co-creatively transform the accommodative flowfield
we are included in.  our ‘what things do’ hitting/asserting and our spatial-relational fielding/accommodating are two subrealities that we psychologically divide out of
the dynamical oneness of nature, the ‘larger reality’
of our natural experience.  what we ‘see’
is the hitting and what we ‘feel’ is
the fielding, the accommodating quality of the hostspace
that mutually shapes the assertive actualization
of ‘hitting’.  these are two aspects of
our holodynamical included-in-space experience which
come to us through the sensory cross product of visually perceiving ‘what things do’ and the felt experience
of ‘how space accommodates doing’ .   of course we can never know ‘what something
would have done’ had the space been fully accommodating to its doing, … nor would we ever be able to visually perceive
something that was fully spatially disaccommodated
from doing.   ‘what things do’ can therefore be neither entirely the property of
the thing nor can it be entirely the (accommodating/disaccommodating)
property of the space it does it in.  
all we can perceive is the mutually shaped result, continually emerging
in the now, which suggests that ‘what
things do’ and ‘how space
accommodates’, which give rise to ‘the
behaviour of things’ are ‘virtual’ poles of an androgynic
dialectic that is resolved by the equivalencing of
matter (things) and the energy flow-field; i.e. as with whorls in fluidflow, ‘things are first and foremost
spatial-relational forms and are made of the space they are ‘moving through’’
 
since we
are prone to enslaving ourselves within a trans-generational behavioural
flow-pattern by occluding our awareness of even being in it via an intensifying
focus on ‘what we need to do’, what has to change is for us to release
ourselves and the upcoming generation from what has been persisting
indoctrination in the over-simplified ‘what
things do’ reality so that
our/their natural awareness of inclusion in-the-flow can resurface.  how this ‘letting go’ might come about is a
topic that invites reflection on our own obsession with controlling
behaviours.  as thomas mann says through
the ‘magician’ character in ‘mario and the magician’, written during the rise
of fascism in europe in the late 1920’s and
30’s;
 
 “the capacity for
self-surrender, he said, for becoming a tool, for the most unconditional and
utter self-abnegation, was but the reverse side of that other power to will and
to command.  commanding and obeying formed together one single principle,
one indissoluble unity; he who knew how to obey knew also how to command, and
conversely; the one idea was comprehended in the other, as people and leader
were comprehended in one another.”
 
think of
the organizational power of the mechanical ‘what
things do’ goose-stepping variety that accrues by giving ourselves up to a ‘what things do’ way of life.  by saying ‘yes sir’ to the boss and by the
boss saying ‘yes sir’ to his boss etc. etc., the power of millions that accrues
to the one enables the one to walk the earth like a giant, taking whatever he
wants and sharing it with his submissive cronies from whom he inherits his
inflated ego and this power of synthetic monocultural
one-ness.   what a sacrifice of natural
diversity and authenticity to the cause of ‘constructing the world of your
dreams’. 
 
 
 * * *
 
this
completes the introduction to this website, and of course, i have no idea
whether what i have written captures what i have intended to share since that
depends on what you, the reader, take away from the reading of it.  i cannot assess hitting out of the context of fielding, these (transmitting and
receiving) are two subrealities
that we psychologically divide out of the dynamical oneness of
consciousness.  if you don’t read this,
it is no more than ‘the sound of one hand clapping’ and if you do read it, it
cannot ‘inform you’ but can only tease into your awareness what is already
there in your felt experience.  such
appears to be the nature of holodynamical experience.
 
mitakuye oyasin, 
 
ted lumley
  
 
 
 
 
the ideas presented on this website
have benefited from collaboration within a small ‘sharing circle’ of
others.  parallel work on the role of
space in physical phenomena, termed ‘inclusionality’, seen from a biologist’s, pagan
author’s and mathematician’s perspective can be found on the websites of alan rayner, yvonne
aburrow and lere
shakunle.
 



