









romantic couples retreat at luxury romantic getaway resort in the byron bay - gold coast hinterland region, australia – couples only crystal creek rainforest retreat.




























































 





















skip to content

















 homeaccommodationcreekside spa cabinsrainforest canopy bungalowsglass terrace bungalowsluxury mountain view lodgesluxury rainforest lodgebar lounge & private diningbar lounge & wine cellarcreekside pavilion dine & bathebreakfast basketsgourmet bbq hamperspicnic lunch basketsdelicious dinnersself-cateringwine & beveragespackagesstandard pricesrelax accommodation packagesultimate rainforest honeymoon packagesrainforest wedding with 5 night honeymoongift vouchersterms & conditionsromance‘100 candle surprise’ marriage proposal & romantic experiencesummer rainforest proposal & romantic experiencediamond rainforest proposal & romantic experiencerainforest wedding experiencerainforest wedding with 5 night honeymoonromantic rainforest photo shootexperiencesbar lounge & wine cellarcreekside pavilion dine & bathecouples massagerainforest walksour orcharddiscover magical glow wormsscenic bike rideshinterland & coastal day tripshusk farm distillerynorthern rivers rail trailnewsaboutwhere we areour rainforest environmentaccessible accommodationfrequently asked questionsfurniture by the antiques companycontactenquire nowsee us on facebooksee us on instagramsee us on tripadvisorsee us on youtubecall us nowemail us nowguestbookprivacy statementbook now 












 





luxury mountain view lodges  


the ultimate getaway 







more about our retreat  

designed for romance 







creekside spa cabins  

wake up in the rainforest 







luxury mountain view lodges  

immersed in beauty 







glass terrace bungalows  

sheer indulgence 



 



 




the perfect romantic getaway in the australian rainforestglenn watson2025-02-10t22:14:31+11:00 
the perfect romantic getaway in the rainforest
our romantic hideaway resort is nestled amongst 250 acres of pristine rainforest within the beautiful northern rivers of nsw, just 50 minutes from the gold coast airport.
the 13 luxurious villas and lodges are individually positioned throughout the private estate, carefully hidden amongst the contours, offering incredible rainforest and mountain views, and providing the utmost in privacy and seclusion.














luxury mountain view lodges 

stunning rainforest valley views from our five lodges


						read more » 














luxury rainforest lodge 

the ultimate in spacious seclusion immersed in the rainforest


						read more » 














glass terrace bungalows 

glass walls bring the outside inside for the perfect romantic getaway


						read more » 














rainforest canopy bungalows 

contemporary split-level cabins with fireplace and couples' spa baths


						read more » 














creekside spa cabins 

traditional romantic cottage style with exposed timber beams


						read more » 






 

each spacious villa provides the perfect setting for a romantic escape, equipped with cosy lounges and log fireplaces, floor-to-ceiling glass windows, comfy bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms and large couples’ spa baths. all accommodation has fitted kitchens, with outdoor weber bbqs, and both internal and external dining areas. our expansive luxury mountain view lodges offer large decks with private heated plunge pools.
the retreat hosts 8km of picturesque rainforest hiking trails, home to many rare and endangered plants and animal species, including 400 types of flora. secluded rock pools and hammocks are nestled along our creek where you can while away the day listening to the songs, twitters and calls from a myriad variety of our 150 species of resident birds.
allow our spa therapists to pamper you with a deep tissue massage, then retire to your own secluded spot for a peaceful picnic and chilled glass of wine.

rainforest romance
stroll along our 8 kilometres of rainforest tracks through stunning fern-lined gullies and giant 400-year-old trees. lie in our famous hammocks over a babbling rainforest brook of pure, crystal-clear mountain water. or take a picnic basket to our lovely citrus orchard. at night, wander to the creek to marvel at the magic of the glow worms.
explore our rainforestdesigned just for couples
our retreat is specially designed with romance in mind. for an unforgettable honeymoon, intimate wedding or elopement, a romantic surprise for a birthday or anniversary – or just an escape from life’s hectic pace – this is the ideal relaxing getaway for two. we have a number of extras and packages to make your experience with us absolutely perfect.
our honeymoon packagesbar lounge & wine cellar
our new wine cellar stocks over 1,000 bottles of international and local wines and champagnes. at the bar, choose from cocktails, gins, smooth rums, excellent non-alcoholic options and beers. relax, meet other guests and enjoy a game of pool, chess or backgammon.
see morecreekside pavilion
hidden in the rainforest and cantilevered over a bubbling mountain creek is an exclusive, secluded relaxation, bathing and dining experience. enjoy a gourmet lunch, bathe in a private rock pool and relax to birdsong. also a perfect romantic venue for your intimate wedding or celebration of love, a proposal, anniversary or birthday.
see moreprivate dining
so that you and your partner can spend the most time together alone, we provide freshly prepared, delicious gourmet food and deliver it quietly to you, so you can eat whenever you want. our menus of dinners, hampers, breakfasts and even picnic packs are delicious and nutritious.
whet your appetitenear byron bay & the gold coast
our 102-hectare property is in the beautiful tweed valley in northern new south wales. we’re bordered on three sides by world heritage national park, assuring true peace and privacy. we seamlessly combine the key ingredients of the ultimate romantic getaway – privacy, comfort and seclusion – with a stunning natural location.
where we aremake an enquiry nowbook direct with us for the best deals!

get real-time availability and rates for different nights and lengths of stay.
be sure to check out all our accommodation types, so you don’t miss out on one that’s available!
and remember to book early! in peak times we are often full well in advance.

book now




 the highlight of our australian tour12 may 2017it’s one of the most beautiful places we have ever seen, the highlight of our australian tour. it was amazing to have a delicious dinner near the fireplace with a good bottle of wine in the middle of the rainforest. we enjoyed the rainforest walk in the morning and the swimming in the crystal water of the creek.

we highly recommend it to couples, who would like to spend a special, romantic and unforgettable time.
alfred m



will highly recommend15 february 2016fantastic stay. we loved everything about the retreat. will highly recommend to our friends. thank you so much!
rich and eva(numinbah lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



relaxing and timeless surrounds29 november 2016thank you for providing such a breathtaking experience, the scenery is a wonderful backdrop to the relaxing and timeless surrounds we were lucky enough to be immersed in. we will definitely recommend crystal creek to friends and family.
katrina and blake(pandorea, a glass terrace bungalow)



our engagement was perfection10 november 2017thank you so much for an incredible stay. so romantic and the candles, flowers and champagne surprise for our engagement was perfection.
the future mr and mrs harvie(lamington lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



 perfect romantic getaway16 august 2018we stayed just 2 nights in the lamington mountain view lodge last week. exactly what we needed, a relaxing romantic getaway in a beautiful location. the lodge was very modern, clean and well appointed. all the staff we interacted with with friendly and never imposing. the dinner and breakfast we had were also fantastic. we live on the gold coast, and hope to visit again.
aussietraveller1983(lamington lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)surfers paradise, qld



an amazing getaway9 january 2016this was an amazing getaway. we lived the cedar lodge. the bushwalks were awesome and the privacy was perfect, we will definitely be back.
scott and jasmine(cedar lodge, the luxury rainforest lodge)



 getaway15 june 2019this is our second trip to crystal creek and we absolutely loved it, the cabins are in great locations and everything you need is there. loved the big spa bath that has an amazing view. if you are looking at a getaway with a loved one and being surrounded by a rainforest then this is the place to go. we have already booked our third trip.
giggletreebrisbane, qld



 a weekend of serenity!15 april 2019a beautiful weekend retreat in the rainforest where you can escape the hustle and bustle of life and just kick back listening to the sound of the creek. beautifully prepared food brought to your cabin where you can enjoy by candle light and then kicking back in front of the log fire and enjoy the peace and quiet.

 
lisaea4107dobrisbane, qld



peace and love28 september 2018the best place to spend my honeymoon with my new wife. we will definitely be back. it is so peaceful and relaxing and the staff are the best.
mr and mrs daenaro(quandong, a creekside spa cabin)



our hearts are full31 july 2018what a magical, peaceful and serene retreat. perfect for celebrating our 6th year in love and life together. thank you crystal creek retreat for creating such a place. our heads are clear, our hearts are full and our minds have been free to wonder in awe.
nicole and alex(springbrook lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



the forest truly revitalizes and restores the soul13 september 2018we loved the natural forest walks and marvelled at the old trees. resting in the hammocks was a treat. we loved the privacy of the lodge with resident frog. staff are warm, welcoming and professional. the food was excellent. thank you so much.
the ellises(quandong, a creekside spa cabin)



a little slice of heaven2 january 2017thank you for such a wonderful stay. this truly is a little slice of heaven up here and we hope to be another time. we loved the glow worms, creek and our beautiful lodge.
lou and jason(numinbah lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



great couples getaway11 august 2019relaxing, a great couples getaway. really helpful service. quiet and chilled in the rainforest atmosphere.

good room service · thoughtful amenities · romantic atmosphere
jasmine keenes (on facebook)facebook



 i can't recommend highly enough3 september 2018crystal creek was such a delight from the luxury accommodation to the extremely helpful and staff. i can’t recommend highly enough. a must do addition to anyone’s bucket list.
kaye soward



the facilities and service were excellent29 september 2018a wonderful time celebrating our 50th wedding anniversary. we feel grateful we are able to enjoy this beautiful spot. we have done every walk listed and loved it. the facilities and service were excellent. “the sounds of the earth are like music”. thank you.
jan and alan(kamala, a rainforest canopy bungalow)



more great reviews in our guestbook





 
 






(02) 6679 1591
relax@ccrr.com.au

enquiry form

po box 69,  
murwillumbah nsw 2484 

stay in touch for news and offer invitations 


"*" indicates required fields

email*

first name*last namecaptchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
















 

home page menuhome
accommodation
bar lounge & private dining
tariffs
romance
experiences
about
contact
 


search for:








 

 
 
 





		© 2010–2025 crystal creek rainforest retreat | all rights reserved | site by cyberdog design 


facebookinstagramtripadvisoryoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 

page load link











 





























go to top






