



tulsa new holland, inc. - home

























































home


inventory


view all
shop by manufacturer
shop by type
packages
current promotions
accessories


specials
used equipment

finance


service


service department
blade sharpening
request service
extended warranty



parts


parts request
new holland parts
serial numbers



customers

finance application
warranty claim
how-to videos



about


our company
join our team
giving back



blog

contact








search products




















tulsa new holland, inc.
tulsa new holland has been serving the tulsa area since 1983.

our inventory













new holland
products with technology that helps you farm more efficiently, sustaining your family’s business.

learn more













mahindra
the world's #1 selling farm tractor.

learn more













cub cadet
great selection of premium riding lawn mowers, lawn tractors, zero turn mowers, snow blowers, parts and accessories.

available models













hustler
striving to create the most innovative and best-in-class outdoor power equipment solutions in the industry.

learn more













featured products

mahindra1100 series1120 hstlearn more mahindra4500 series4540 4wdlearn more new hollandpowerstar100$ 89000.00learn more cub cadetultima ztx series zero turn mowerultima ztx6 54$ 9719.00learn more cub cadetpropro hw 348learn more cub cadetwalk-behind push mowersc 500 hwlearn more cub cadetpower washercc4033learn more cub cadetchipper shreddercs 2210learn more new hollandhayliner square baler265learn more 




view all products








search our products




search product, model, description, product type ...













our advantages








qualified personnel
we employ experienced professionals to make sure you receive top-notch service.









modern equipment
our team is knowledgeable about the products we offer and we only carry top quality brands.









service
our qualified service department can work on any make or model of lawn-care equipment.









individual approach
our unique approach allows us to provide equipment tailored to your lawn-care needs.














tulsa new holland, inc. was founded in 1983 in tulsa, oklahoma with the vision of offering a premier outdoor power equipment experience to the local community.


							family owned-family operated! you hear that a lot these days, but have you ever thought of what it really means? it means that your money stays in tulsa, where it gets spent over and over, creating work and prosperity for your neighbors, instead of wealth for some out-of-state corporation. for example, got a problem or a question and want to talk to the owner of a big box store? good luck with that! he or she is probably buried behind layers and layers of managers and ultimately responsible to a board of directors somewhere in the home office. tulsa new holland's owner, mike mccrate, lives here. he knows that if he doesn't take care of you, someone else will. so, that's rule #1. tulsa new holland is family friendly & user friendly.
						
learn more










our team
tulsa new holland, inc.'s team is always ready to help you.
  learn more about us




directions & contact
located in tulsa, oklahoma tulsa new holland, inc. is here for all your outdoor power equipment needs.
get directions or contact us




service appointments
we recommend scheduling a service appointment in advance.
schedule service







our manufacturers












































review us

 
							
								


site links

home
inventory
service
parts
financing
pay online
how-to videos
about
contact us
tnhfamily.org



contact




call us : (918) 438-5665






11919 e. pine st., tulsa, oklahoma 74116










information




gina@tulsanewholland.com





monday - friday : 8:00am - 5:30pmsaturday: 8:00am - 12:00pm






©   all rights reserved 
					| privacy policy
					| return policy
					| web accessibility statement
					| site map
					| 

					site developed & maintained by itrack, llc. 
					













×close




schedule your winter tune-up service today!





close









product information request
× 





close






