

san francisco male foot party&mailing list info




  please visit our sponsors:








amazon.com widgets

 
the san francisco foot parties have been cancelled.
the venue we used to use is no longer available.
thank you for your support in the past.

remember, the people make the party. help get a lot of great people at these parties by forwarding this page link along with 2012 party dates to all your foot friends or feel free to post in your private newsgroups.




footpartysf -- san francisco all male foot party information


the next san francisco foot party will be held on:




friday, september 21st, 2012 (folsom street fair weekend)
note: location sent via email (sign up as described below) or call (760) 569-4283
8pm--2am.


        detailed directions to the party are available by clicking here.
      


cover  includes beer,vodka, soda, chips, preview foot videos and full use of this great playspace




$20  general admission
$10  students under 25 with student id
$5_  people under 21





models  we will have models for this months party 





we’ll have the 2 guys shown below as well as one not yet confirmed













videos & sale items some of the online sites have provided us with videos for you to purchase as a convenience over ordering online.



as always, we have a variety of promo videos to watch during the parties. we've received samples from the grafmiller tickle video collection, kink video, underfoot video, and footfriends.




party pics pics from previous parties can be seen at jayspix.com


subscribing to partyinfo



 subscribe to partyinfo by sending an email to: partyinfo-request@footpartysf.com or by filling out the following form. you will be sent email requesting confirmation, to prevent others from gratuitously subscribing you. this is a hidden list, which means that the list of members is available only to the list administrator. 




your email address:



your name (optional):













2012 san francisco party dates

the 2012 san francisco parties will be on select dates at the same location on the 4th friday of the month





2012

			friday, september 21st, 2012 (folsom street fair weekend)








