







 




osh safety training classes and defensive driving classes in nc






































 














skip to content



a non-profit association preventing injury through safety education and training since 1960!
my account about usour mission board of directors our staff testimonials photo gallery videos  contact us top bar menu


safety and health council of north carolina
nc defensive driving classes and osh training classes


 0



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 





charlotte
 704-644-4201


raleigh
 919-719-9800



home workplaceadvanced safety certificate courses osha training train-the-trainer courses workplace safety training emergency preparedness environmental safety  defensive drivingcharlotte greensboro raleigh virtual zoom 4 hour online course other nc locations  membership certificate programsadvanced safety certificate mesh certification  products schedule charlotte 704-644-4201 




 
home workplaceadvanced safety certificate courses osha training train-the-trainer courses workplace safety training emergency preparedness environmental safety  defensive drivingcharlotte greensboro raleigh virtual zoom 4 hour online course other nc locations  membership certificate programsadvanced safety certificate mesh certification  products schedule charlotte 704-644-4201 









nc defensive driving classes 
										
online driving classes for traffic tickets must be approved by the district attorney's office in the county where you received your citation or you were referred by your attorney.
learn more 
										


 


workplace 
										
all employees spend a significant amount of their lives in their workplaces. it is our responsibility as safety professionals to train employees to work safely and productively - not just to comply with regulations, but to ensure each employee goes home after each work shift injury free. solid safety training is essential to meet this important responsibility.
learn more  
										


 


certificatons 
										
advanced safety certificate
general industry mesh
construction mesh
industrial hygiene mesh
public sector mesh
emergency preparedness mesh
environmental mesh
advanced mesh
call (704) 644-4221 or (919) 719-9814 
										


 


get more as a member!!! 
										
free training - earn mesh hours
discounts on training classes
local-level support
discount on products
an array of resources
learn more 
										


 


charlotte regional safety school 
										
march 25-26, 2025 
										learn more 
										


 


office ergonomics accreditation program (oeap)
april 8-9
charlotte, nc 

learn more 
										


 


safety awards banquet 
										
reserve seats 
										


 

















nc defensive driving










in-person – online – virtual (zoom) classes
everyone knows that traffic tickets can result in court appearances, fines, and higher insurance costs. however, you may have additional options in mecklenburg, wake, and select…
learn more 










classes via community colleges
in person classes are currently being offered at 20 community colleges in north carolina. asheville-buncombe technical community college is offering a 4 hour driving class and an 8 hour driving class. click here for a list of class dates! to register for these dates call (704) 644-4201 in charlotte or (919) 719-9800 in raleigh.
learn more





workplace safety training










in-person and virtual (zoom) classes
workplace safety training is a must for every company. effective safety training programs comply with osha regulations and reduce injuries, deaths, illnesses, property damage…
learn more 










onsite virtual or in person training
save time and money by having our experienced instructors provide the training at your location, on your schedule. ask about virtual training options…
learn more 
governor roy cooper declares june safety month





welcome to safety and health council of north carolina










about company
the safety and health council of north carolina was founded in 1960 as the citizen’s safety association of charlotte-mecklenburg, inc. citizen’s safety association began as a local organization focusing on traffic and community safety in the greater charlotte area. csa was chartered as a local chapter by the national safety council to serve mecklenburg county. a long-time united way agency, the association assumed…


learn more


mission eliminate the leading causes of preventable death, injury and illness in north carolina through education and advocacy.    


organization founded in 1960, the safety and health council of north carolina is a 501 (c)3 not-for-profit association with offices in charlotte and raleigh. shcnc is the accredited state chapter of the national safety council.    


dedication our volunteer board of directors donate their time and talent to ensuring that council’s activities are in keeping with the mission. our professional staff and instructors are committed to offering you the absolute best experience in training, special events, and customer service.    







matthew d. thompson
president
whether you are a longtime council member or have just found us for the first time after an internet search, welcome to the safety and health council of north carolina.
our entire focus is safety and health in our communities, on our roads, and at work. hopefully, you find the resources and help you need on our website
phone: (919) 719-9818
matt@safetync.org





60+ years of experience   


trusted by millions   


over 1500 nc member companies   


best industry trainers   


onsite safety training courses
at your location and your convenience


inquire about consultation










contact info charlotte
4135 s. stream blvd, suite l 150, charlotte, nc 28217
phone: 704-644-4200
raleigh
5171 glenwood avenue
suite 105, raleigh, nc 27612
phone: 919-719-9800
greensboro
2300 west meadowview road,
wrightsville building, suite 103,
greensboro, nc 27407
phone: 336-448-4188

important linksadvanced safety certificate courses (online purchase)workplace safety training (online purchase)train-the-trainer courses (online purchase)osha training (online purchase)training schedule (list with online purchase)4 hour online course4 hour defensive driving class in person or zoom8 hour defensive driving charlottealive at 25 six hour charlotteother nc locationsjoin our newsletter

email*

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ



lets get social






    
 








					©2025 safety and health council of north carolina | sitemap


site by animink






go to top

 

















































































