






sanjay rath – vedic astrology & spirituality
































sjc
the jyotish digest
sagittarius publications
dbc programs

jaimini scholar
jaimini india
parasara jyotisa
mantra shastra
atri jyotisa


deva.guru

panchanga
muhurta


shri jyoti star
february 18, 2025










sanjay rath
vedic astrology & spirituality



ॐ वृषभं चर्षणीनां विश्वरूपमदाभ्यम्। बृहस्पतिं वरेण्यम्॥
om vṛṣabhaṁ carṣaṇīnāṁ viśvarūpamadābhyam| bṛhaspatiṁ vareṇyam||









home
about

sanjay rath
rathātreya
paraṁparā


jyotiṣa

daśā
gaṇḍānta
muhurta
mundane
nakṣatra
pañcāṅga
tithī praveśa
varga


celebrity

india
flim
usa
politics


spirituality
learn

amateur
scholar
workshops


miscelany

vāstu
jyotiṣa gems
video
media
raphsody
resources


vedic readings

about your future
the process
short consult 30m
standard 60min




        


×



search for:



 







breaking news



śrī bhairava (kāla)


rani rāśmani jātaka


ranī rāśmani #1


medinī jyotiṣa


terrible transits apr 2023


añjanā


amṛta sañjīvana
















https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxn5xnjuw5m




बृहस्पतिं वरेण्यं | bṛhaspatiṁ vareṇyaṁ






śrī bhairava (kāla)
bhairava represents śiva as kāla rūpa (time). from the guṇa viewpoint this काल kāla क (ka) prajāpati, आ (ā vāsudeva)…






rani rāśmani jātaka
this is post 2 of 2 in the series “rani rāśmani” rani rashmoni of janbazar, kolkata was a pillar of…






ranī rāśmani #1
this is post 1 of 2 in the series “rani rāśmani” rani rashmoni of janbazar, kolkata was a pillar of…






medinī jyotiṣa
मेदिनी ज्योतिष is called mundane astrology the word mundane means ① lacking interest or excitement; dull → ‘boring, humdrum existence’,…






terrible transits apr 2023
while most may think this is a fine time for recovery, such optimism is foolish and short sighted. the planets…






page 1 of 6412345...102030...»last »
 





if knowledge is god, jyotish is his eyecelebrity





rani rāśmani jātaka


after the praśna we were able to get the rāśi and some varga charts of rani rāśmani das of kolkata.... 




ranī rāśmani #1


i was working on the koṭa chakra when there was a strong desire to see the chart of rani rāśmani.... 




narendra modi gov-ii 2019


part-1 with a lot of fanfare, just like the previous time the narendra modi government was sworn in for the... 




narendra modi 2014 chart


the swearing in chart of any government is very important to know not only what is happening during its 5... 




priyanka chopra


born on 18 july 1982 at 30 minutes past midnight at jamshedpur india, priyanka chopra has an aries ascendant with... 


jyotisa





medinī jyotiṣa


मेदिनी ज्योतिष is called mundane astrology the word mundane means ① lacking interest or excitement; dull → ‘boring, humdrum existence’,... 




terrible transits apr 2023


while most may think this is a fine time for recovery, such optimism is foolish and short sighted. the planets... 




parivṛtti aṁśa lagna


lagna is the most critical part of any chart. it is called तेजस चण्ड (tejas chaṇḍa) as it is always... 




pañca mālikā 2022


ākāśa pañca mālikā ākāśa means sky and pañca means five. we are not going into the esoteric details of five-pointed... 




russia-ukraine war


breaking news "russia has launched an all-out invasion of ukraine by land, air and sea, the biggest attack by one... 


miscellany





vedic numerology


the navagraha and lagna constitute the ten variables of the decimal system. in this system, the navagraha represent the nine... 




vāyu in space


[caption id="attachment_7338" align="alignright" width="850"] the domain of the sun the heliosphere stretches from the sun itself center of image[/caption] science... 




nagaraja mantras


naga means snake and other names are bhujanga etc. lord shiva is worshipped in the form of nageswara, one of... 




pt. sanjay rath on marriage & 12th house in vedic astrology  at krschannel


[embed]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fw0u0daiao [/embed] kapiel raaj: so, ladies and gentlemen, after a long-long time he is finally back. he looks handsome, he... 




deep introduction to nakshatras


25.08.2017 interview on krschannel of kapiel raaj transcribed by natalia fedorova наталья федорова [su_youtube url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7toespkojg " width="350" height="197"] kapiel raaj:... 


spirituality





śrī bhairava (kāla)


bhairava represents śiva as kāla rūpa (time). from the guṇa viewpoint this काल kāla क (ka) prajāpati, आ (ā vāsudeva)... 




rani rāśmani jātaka


after the praśna we were able to get the rāśi and some varga charts of rani rāśmani das of kolkata.... 




ranī rāśmani #1


i was working on the koṭa chakra when there was a strong desire to see the chart of rani rāśmani.... 




añjanā


अञ्जना (añjanā) is the mother of hanuman, and during the रामायण (rāmāyaṇa), she was a resident of किष्किन्ध (kiṣkindhā). but... 




animal signs


study of animal and birds as a method of deciphering omens is as ancient as the science of jyotiṣa called... 


about





solar eclipse 2014


annular solar apr-29fred espenakseries: sesaros148 unlike the lunar eclipse which has a more spiritual signification as well as personal, the... 




lunar eclipse of 2014


there are four eclipses in 2014 (nasa eclipse web). highlights of the eclipses are - the two lunar eclipses precede... 




eclipse factor


annular solar eclipse of may 31, 2003 although the sun is 400 times larger than the moon, yet it is... 




devaguru bṛhaspati center


devaguru bṛhaspati center is a subsidiary of sjc (śrī jagannāth center) with the objective of bringing out the traditional wisdom... 




pañca sakhā


the five mahāpuruṣa of orissa are the initiators of the lineages. our lineage of vedic astrology comes from the holy... 









vedic readingvedic readingsavailability:  bookings closed  
contact himani pushkar for scheduling vedic readings. call or text +91 9818577428 or email her
short consult $225 30minbook a short 30 min reading for just a couple of questions. 
 short consult30min $252
standard consult $405 60minbook a standard reading for 60 min. 
 standard reading60min $405
vip private meet $1008 120mincontact himani pushkar for scheduling vedic readings. call or text +91 9818577428 or email herabout me 




        sanjay rath belongs to a traditional family of astrologers from bira balabhadrapur sasan village of puri, orissa, which trace their lineage back to shri achyuta das (sri achyutananda). read more 









constant supportdevaguru bṛhaspati center is committed to the highest standards of vedic astrology, and we can say with confidence that we have the finest, most rigorous courses and most erudite scholars to teach the same.
 15b ganga ram hospital road, new delhi 110060 
 +91-11-45641849 
 jaimini scholar (dbc) 
 sarbanirath@gmail.com
 +91 9810449850







events & teachings to followsri jagannath center
namaste


popularrecentrandom





 
atmakaraka & karakamsa


kārakāṁśa is composed of two words - (1) 'kāraka' referring to the ātmakāraka specifically and other charakāraka (temporal significators) as... 



 
rahu and eighth house


this article was published at the jyotish star there can be nothing more fearful than the 8th house which is... 



 
dreams: lord kṛṣṇa teachings


 extracts from brahmavaivarta purāṇa auspicious dreams nanda asked : 1.          tell me, o lord, which sort of dreams gives happiness... 







 
śrī bhairava (kāla)


bhairava represents śiva as kāla rūpa (time). from the guṇa viewpoint this काल kāla क (ka) prajāpati, आ (ā vāsudeva)... 



 
rani rāśmani jātaka


after the praśna we were able to get the rāśi and some varga charts of rani rāśmani das of kolkata.... 

ranī rāśmani #1


i was working on the koṭa chakra when there was a strong desire to see the chart of rani rāśmani.... 







 
22 jyotiṣa gems


there are 22 jyotiṣa gems whose sanskrit names are known 12 jyotiṣa gems for the rāśi 9 jyotiṣa gems for... 



 
tripurā devī


tripurā devī is associated with mercury. the seventh bhāva from the signs of mercury are owned by jupiter tripurā devī... 

resources


all other downloads are available in separate pages. please see pages under resources jyotish software jagannath hora [listyofiles folder="downloads/software/jagannath hora"... 



jyotish gems nala saraswati & suravi saraswati
business name: oocha mani
email: info@oochamani.com
website: www.oochamani.com
phone number (suravi): +1 805 766 6172













learn from traditiondbc offers online courses in jyotish (vedic astrology) taught directly by sanjay rath as per the tradition, through narrated power points and other audio tools. the courses are at different levels, from the beginners through the intermediate to the advanced and are known as sohamsa | dbc courses, with individual classrooms and assistant teachers
  certificate course, jaimini scholars
 free courses

dbc programs
 jaiminischolar program
five year jyotiṣa grandmaster
 parāśara jyotiṣa course
real traditional vedic astrology
 mantra śāstra programs
mantra foundation, śiva mahāpurāṇa ..more

sagittarius publicationssagittarius publications is the publisher and distributor the popular quaterly magazine the jyotish digest, as well as many thorough books on the subject of vedic astrology or jyotish. among its popular publications are collected papers in vedic astrology, brihat nakshatra and maharishi jaimini upadesa sutra by sanjay rath and nakshatra vibhuti
www.sagittariuspublications.com
 +91-11-45641849 
 9 am - 5 pm

kāśi kṣetra guide
we have an excellent pandit divākar ‘deva’ mishra, who is from the priests of vindhyāvāsini siddha pīṭha to guide you through the hundreds of temples of kāśi [varanasi] and neighbouring regions. he can organise your pūjā, keep you safe and take care. he is supported by an english-speaking well-travelled spouse ‘supriya mishra’. please contact them directly for any services, remedial pūjā and tours. they handled the 60+ member kāśi jyotiṣa group 2022.
dev mishra: +91 87269-09000
supriya mishra: +91 93541-27251
email: devpriya96@yahoo.com







copyright © 2025 sanjay rath












