

 home - allofe solutions

































skip to content  menuhome
about
solutions
higher educationemedley platformemedley for paecurriculumexamn+evaluateeducateclinicalei3
k-12 solutionsmatrixevaluate k-12examn k-12inservice k-12ecurriculum k-12



case studies
careers
  

 
 our goal is to help you achieve yours 
allofe solutions has been delivering customized and comprehensive platforms for academic institutions and enterprises, for over 20 years.  

 learn more  
 powering systems success 
 
  higher education our two decades of experience working with higher educations system has led to our current focus towards delivering comprehensive solutions for the university health sciences education sector.   

 learn more   k-12  we have extensive experience working with k-12 schools districts. current areas of focus include curriculum mapping and managment, student testing, ieps, inservice, sap, learning management and data analytics.  

 learn more   corporate we design and deliver large mission critical systems solutions in a number of different industries that include manufacturing, telecommunication, real estate, brand management to name a few.   

 learn more  
 what we do 
 
 helping you focus on what's important 
 comprehensive systems solutionsour areas of expertise include design, development and implementation of software solutions, application infrastructure management, systems integration, api development and saas.  
software as a serviceimplementation of comprehensive mission critical systems with cloud infrastructure that increases reliability and efficiency while reducing cost and it workloads.  
integration and scalabilityallofe’s scalable application and server infrastructure allows the implementation of large-scale applications that are full integrated. this results in an optimal user experience and system growth. 
customization to fit your unique needswith decades of experience with customization, we are able to meet the most unique requirements so that it matches existing processes or results in enormous process efficiencies.  

 featured platforms 
 
 emedley cloud applications 
 emedley ecosystemlinkecurriculummappinglinkekeeperdocumentationlinkeducatelmslinkevaluateevaluationslinkeclasexperience
logginglinkexamntestinglinkeduschedschedulinglink
 focus 
 
 large scale systems 
 research and development deep r&d roots. extreme passion for computer science and software development. two decades of experience building large scale systems. 
infrastructure application infrastructure to maximize implementation speed and quality. server infrastructure that ensures reliability and infinite scalability. 
design and flexibility commitment to design principle to constantly enhance usability, customization and integration  
 the capability, experience, and speed of [allofe’s] response to our requests was truly incredible. they provided the context for a meaningful collaborative process that enabled us to see shortcomings and work toward improvements that we overlooked.  
-program manager, the university of western states  

 integrations 

 all-in-one platform 
 simple integration for an unparalleled experience.  we know your program is unique and we don’t take a one-size-fits-all approach. we built the technology to tailor to your specific needs.
 we provide the tools so you can have everything in one place and make life a little easier.  
 the customer service at allofe is second to none. they are very receptive to our ideas for improvements and respond quickly to all our requests. besides that – emedley is a great product!
-senior clinical lead specialist, bethel university  

 cloud-based system 
 
 software as a service: 
 simple transitions new features and updates are added in real-time, so user access can go on uninterrupted. we offer high system availability so you can always remain up-to-date. 
access from anywhere cloud-based allows for the ability to access whatever you need, wherever you need it, and at any time.   
never miss an update upgraded features, bug fixes, and improvements are implemented regularly, enhancing the interface and digital experience for all user access. 
we're all in this together we got your back, with usa-based reliable support to help you through anything you might face, so you can focus on what really matters.  
 there are others but we have not found any with the expertise and genuine concern for our company’s success like allofe.
-rca group  

 want to learn more? 

 see our work   privacy
terms of use
©1999-2025 allofe solutions and its licensors. all rights reserved 
contact 
2510 w 6th st. lawrence, ks 66049
info@allofe.com
resources 
case studies
about 
careers

blog
emedley contact information
emedley suite 
       

 
back to top











 

