




mutual funds | t. rowe price






































>
	




home
funds
mutual funds
mutual funds
















 


mutual funds










 
prepare for the future you envision with t. rowe price mutual funds.







 



 




 


 









investing for your financial goals comes with a lot of decisions, including what mutual funds to invest in. our team of experienced portfolio managers strive to deliver competitive performance at low cost--over 90% of our funds for individual investors have expense ratios below their peer category averages--so more of your money can go to work for you.1






 











get started now.






		            
		                
			            


  open an account


			            
			        
			    






 


questions? call us at 1-866-264-5579

















 







explore our diverse selection of funds.













search mutual funds
























153




 


no-load mutual funds
providing a broad set of opportunities






 









 


historical performance





daily prices





dividend distributions





prospectuses and reports





my watchlist




















browse funds by category





we offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







fund type
number available
stock funds
58
asset allocation funds
9
money market funds
5
target date funds
41
bond funds
40






















 



		            
		                
		                    
		                    see all mutual funds
		                    
		                         








 









my watchlist






enhance your fund-picking confidence. create no-risk watchlists and track your choices over time.





 




		                        go to my watchlist
								 
		                    







 















 







find mutual funds that fit your goals.




whatever your investment style and objectives, we have you covered. choose from one of our convenient, all-in-one fund solutions, build your own fully diversified portfolio, or compliment your current investment mix.







 











morningstar 4- and 5-star rated funds





see funds that earn top ratings from morningstar, a leader in independent research.






		            
		                
		                    
		                    explore 4- and 5-star funds
		                    
		                         















 









target date funds





achieve an age-appropriate, diversified portfolio that you can carry to and through retirement—all in one investment.






		            
		                
		                    
		                    explore target date funds
		                    
		                         















 









asset allocation funds





get access to a wide range of investments in one fund.






		            
		                
		                    
		                    explore asset allocation funds
		                    
		                         

















 









 




stock funds










overview






provide long-term growth potential

a range of funds—including domestic, international, and sector specific








 







investor profile






need the growth potential of stocks to achieve long-term goals

can withstand price volatility








 



 



		            
		                
		                    
		                    explore stock funds
		                    
		                         







 


stock prices fluctuate widely with market and company conditions, so stock funds are most appropriate for investors with long time horizons.






 




bond funds










overview






provide regular income

offer access to bonds issued in the united states and around the world

a broad range of funds investing in u.s. treasury, high yield, municipal, or international bonds








 







investor profile






want an investment that generates income

can tolerate price fluctuations

may be in a higher tax bracket, seeking tax-free income

may want to reduce the volatility of a stock-heavy portfolio








 



 



		            
		                
		                    
		                    explore bond funds
		                    
		                         







 


fixed income securities are subject to credit risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and interest rate risk. as interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall.






 




money market funds










overview






lowest-risk mutual fund investment

strive for preservation of capital

a range of taxable and tax-free funds








 







investor profile






have short-term investment goals

prefer price stability over return potential

want easy access to savings








 



 



		            
		                
		                    
		                    explore money market funds
		                    
		                         







 


although the funds seek to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, they cannot guarantee they will do so.*











 






 



for the 10-year period ended december 31, 2024, over 70% of our mutual funds with a 10-year track record outperformed their 10-year lipper average.**






 







1source: lipper inc. 140 of 153 of our investor class mutual funds (excludes mutual funds not available for direct purchase) more than 6 months old had gross expense ratios below their lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 12/31/2024.
*retail money market funds: you could lose money by investing in the fund. although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. the fund may impose a fee upon sale of your shares. an investment in the fund is not a bank account and is not insured or guaranteed by the federal deposit insurance corporation or any other government agency. t. rowe price associates, inc. is not required to reimburse the fund for losses, and you should not expect that t. rowe price associates, inc. will provide financial support to the fund at any time, including during periods of market stress.
government money market funds: you could lose money by investing in the fund. although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. an investment in the fund is not a bank account and is not insured or guaranteed by the federal deposit insurance corporation or any other government agency. t. rowe price associates, inc. is not required to reimburse the fund for losses, and you should not expect that t. rowe price associates, inc. will provide financial support to the fund at any time, including during periods of market stress.
**119 of our 301 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 12/31/2024 (includes investor class and i class shares). 87 of these 119 mutual funds (73%) beat their lipper average for the 10-year period. 183 of 298 (61%), 163 of 280 (58%), and 148 of 238 (62%) of the mutual funds outperformed their lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 12/31/2024, respectively. calculations based on cumulative total return. not all mutual funds outperformed for all periods. (source for data: lipper inc.)
202408-3754956







 








open an account



1-866-264-5579




questions? call us for a free consultation at 1-866-264-5579.
























