



	certified fire investigator training






















fire servicelearning network
fire servicelearning network
the international association of arson investigators
the international association of arson investigators








training

all programs
multi-program certificates
individual development plan
podcast
getting the most from cfitrainer.net
resources
fire scene evidence collection guide



featured

featured online program
latest news
fire investigator profiles
newest resources
secondary reporting



support

faqs
technical requirements
support request
español



about us

promo
about cfitrainer.net
news archive
about iaai
donate now
cfitrainer.net alliances
privacy policy
sitemap























lost password?



not registered?
register today



register for free





















individual development plans
new feature helps you create custom individual development plans for your training goals
new feature helps you create custom individual development plans for your training goals
try idp







job aids
new resource provides “go by” checklists and forms for major fire investigation tasks
new resource provides “go by” checklists and forms for major fire investigation tasks
download job aids







featured online training program
fatal fires: investigation
fatal fires: investigation
launch program







register & take programs for free
register for free







alliances
learn more













individual development plans
new feature helps you create custom individual development plans for your training goals






job aids
new resource provides “go by” checklists and forms for major fire investigation tasks






featured online training program






register & take programs for free






alliances








algunos programas ya están disponibles en español
algunos programas de formación (módulos) ya están disponibles en su totalidad en español.
obtener más información



        90 available training programs
        
filters
view all









                                topic
                                








                                                    accidental causes
                                                



                                                    accreditation & certification
                                                



                                                    alternative energy
                                                



                                                    building construction & systems
                                                



                                                    canine teams
                                                



                                                    case studies
                                                



                                                    commercial fires
                                                



                                                    documentation
                                                



                                                    electricity and electrical systems
                                                



                                                    ethics
                                                



                                                    evidence
                                                



                                                    explosions
                                                



                                                    fatalities
                                                



                                                    fire science & fire flow analysis
                                                



                                                    for fire officers
                                                



                                                    for non-investigators
                                                



                                                    insurance
                                                



                                                    interviewing
                                                



                                                    legal issues
                                                



                                                    marine fires
                                                



                                                    methodology
                                                



                                                    motor vehicle fires
                                                



                                                    natural gas
                                                



                                                    professional development & qualifications
                                                



                                                    report writing
                                                



                                                    safety
                                                



                                                    testifying
                                                



                                                    wildland fires
                                                



                                                    youth-set fires
                                                








                                iaai credential
                                








                                                    iaai-fit® track a
                                                



                                                    iaai-fit® track b
                                                



                                                    iaai-ect®
                                                



                                                    iaai-ci®
                                                



                                                    iaai motor vehicle fire credential endorsement
                                                








                                training course pre-requisites
                                








                                                    atf arson-cs-0002 advanced origin and cause/courtroom techniques 
                                                



                                                    iaai fundamentals of fire investigation
                                                



                                                    iaai electrical aspects of fire investigation
                                                



                                                    iaai expert report writing
                                                



                                                    iaai expert witness courtroom testimony
                                                



                                                    iaai forensic photography — basic
                                                



                                                    iaai forensic photography — advanced
                                                



                                                    iaai investigating youth-set fires
                                                



                                                    iaai marine fire investigation
                                                



                                                    iaai motor vehicle fire investigation (2 day and 3 day)
                                                



                                                    national fire academy fire investigation: essentials r0772
                                                



                                                    national fire academy fire investigation: forensic interviewing and evidence r0780 and p0780
                                                



                                                    national fire academy fire investigation: electrical systems r0776
                                                



                                                    national fire academy fire investigation: case preparation and testimony r0790
                                                








                                cfitrainer.net multi-program certificate
                                








                                                    fire investigation for fire officers
                                                



                                                    fire investigation for the insurance industry
                                                



                                                    fire investigation safety
                                                



                                                    principles of fire investigation
                                                








                                nfpa 1033 (2022 ed.) jpr
                                








                                                    4.1 general
                                                



                                                    4.1.1 meet jprs in 4.2 through 4.7
                                                



                                                    4.1.2 employ scientific method
                                                



                                                    4.1.3 complete site safety assessment & follow standards
                                                



                                                    4.1.4 maintain liaison with other interested professionals and entities
                                                



                                                    4.1.5 adhere to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements
                                                



                                                    4.1.6 understand the organization and operation of the investigative team within an ims
                                                



                                                    4.1.7.1 to 4.1.7.3 remaining current & continuing education
                                                



                                                    4.2 scene examination
                                                



                                                    4.2.1 secure the fire ground
                                                



                                                    4.2.2 conduct exterior survey
                                                



                                                    4.2.3 conduct interior survey
                                                



                                                    4.2.4 interpret fire patterns individually
                                                



                                                    4.2.5 interpret and analyze fire patterns collectively
                                                



                                                    4.2.6 examine and remove fire debris
                                                



                                                    4.2.7 reconstruct potential area(s) of origin
                                                



                                                    4.2.8 inspect and analyze the performance of building systems
                                                



                                                    4.2.9 discriminate the effects of explosions
                                                



                                                    4.3 documenting the scene
                                                



                                                    4.3.1 diagram the scene
                                                



                                                    4.3.2 photographically document the scene
                                                



                                                    4.3.3 construct investigative notes
                                                



                                                    4.4 evidence collection/preservation
                                                



                                                    4.4.1 utilize proper procedures for managing victims and fatalities
                                                



                                                    4.4.2 locate, document, collect, label, package, and store evidence
                                                



                                                    4.4.3 select evidence for analysis
                                                



                                                    4.4.4 maintain a chain of custody
                                                



                                                    4.4.5 dispose of evidence
                                                



                                                    4.5 interview
                                                



                                                    4.5.1 develop an interview plan
                                                



                                                    4.5.2 conduct interviews
                                                



                                                    4.5.3 evaluate interview information, analyze, correlated, and corroborate
                                                



                                                    4.6 post-fire investigation
                                                



                                                    4.6.1 gather reports and records, maintain admissibility in court
                                                



                                                    4.6.2 evaluate the investigative file
                                                



                                                    4.6.3 coordinate expert resources
                                                



                                                    4.6.4 establish evidence as to motive and/or opportunity, given an incendiary fire
                                                



                                                    4.6.5 formulate an opinion concerning origin, cause, or responsibility for a fire
                                                



                                                    4.7 presentations
                                                



                                                    4.7.1 prepare a written report
                                                



                                                    4.7.2 express investigative findings verbally
                                                



                                                    4.7.3 testify during legal proceedings
                                                








                                nfpa 1033 (2022 ed.) 4.1.7 topic
                                








                                                    4.1.7 (1) fire science
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (1)(a) fire chemistry
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (1)(b) thermodynamics
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (1)(c) fire dynamics
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (1)(d) explosion dynamics
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (2) fire investigation
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (2)(a) fire analysis
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (2)(b) fire investigation methodology
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (2)(c) fire investigation technology
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (2)(d) evidence documentation, collection, and preservation
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (2)(e) failure analysis and analytical tools
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (3) fire scene safety
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (3)(a) hazard recognition, evaluation, and basic mitigation procedures
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (3)(b) hazardous materials
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (3)(c) safety regulations
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (4) building systems
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (4)(a) types of construction
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (4)(b) fire protection systems
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (4)(c) electricity and electrical systems
                                                



                                                    4.1.7 (4)(d) fuel gas systems
                                                








                                world languages availability
                                








                                                    español/spanish
                                                

















live event-industrial smart devices and fire investigation-3.13.2025
this seminar will show insurance professionals the importance of understanding the operation and communication of industrial interconnected devices and machines. we will discuss the sensors that are commonly used in industrial processes and how that data can be harvested to aid in investigations and failure analysis. because many of these machines are accessible via internet or local network access, we will examine how this sensor data, and other sensitive settings and firmware, may be vulnerable to manipulation after a damage event or accident. to emphasize the idea of remote manipulation of internet connected devices, a live demonstration of a wireless ignition source will be shown. case studies will be presented to demonstrate real-world applications of the discussed concepts.










accreditation, certification, and certificates
this program provides a primer on accreditation, certification, and certificates for fire investigation training.










alternative fuel vehicles
this module covers how cng, lng, lpg, and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles work and their implications for fire investigation.










an analysis of the station nightclub fire
a fire occurred on the night of feb. 20, 2003, in the station nightclub at 211 cowesett avenue, west warwick, rhode island.










arc mapping basics
arc mapping, or arc fault circuit analysis, uses the electrical system to help reconstruct a scene, providing investigators with a means of determining the area of a fire’s origin.










basic electricity
this module introduces basic electrical concepts, including: terminology, atomic theory and electricity, ohm’s law, joule’s law, ac and dc power.










charleston sofa super store fire
a fire occurred on the evening of june 18, 2007, in the sofa super store in charleston, sc that resulted in the deaths of nine fire fighters.










charting your career path in fire investigation
this module looks at the many ways fire investigators enter and grow in the profession through academia, the fire service, law enforcement, insurance, and engineering.










commercial kitchen fires 1: fundamentals
this module describes the design, construction, components, and operation of a commercial kitchen’s ventilation, fire suppression, and cooking fuel systems.










commercial kitchen fires 2: investigation
this module provides an investigative framework for commercial kitchen fires and discusses major commercial kitchen systems and activities as they relate to possible fire origin and cause.










critical evaluation and testing of commonly reported accidental causes
this module looks at four of the most commonly-reported accidental fire causes: cooking equipment, heating equipment, electrical distribution, and smoking materials.










critical thinking solves cases
this program brings three highly experienced fire investigators and an attorney with experience as a prosecutor and civil litigator together for a round table discussion.










the deposition part 1: format, content, and preparation
this module introduces the elements of a deposition, discusses typical lines of questioning, and describes how to prepare for a deposition.










the deposition part 2: questioning tactics and effective responses
this module proposes effective ways to respond to the most common questioning tactics employed by opposing counsel in a deposition.










digital photography and the fire investigator
the program discusses the basics of digital photography for fire investigators as well as software and editing procedures for digital images intended as evidence.










discovery in civil cases
this self-paced program is an introduction to discovery in civil proceedings such as fire loss claims and product defect lawsuits.










discovery in criminal cases
this self-paced program is an introduction to discovery in criminal proceedings.










dna
this module covers the foundation of dna evidence: defining, recognizing, collecting, and testing.










documenting the event
this program provides a practical overview of how to perform the baseline documentation tasks that occur at every scene.










donning and doffing personal protective equipment
guidance on selecting, donning, and doffing ppe for post-fire scenes, focusing on respiratory protection.










effective investigation and testimony
this module will discuss the techniques and strategies for conducting a proper science-based fire scene investigation and effectively presenting an investigator’s findings in court as an expert witness.










electric & hybrid vehicle design basics
this program explains the basic principles of how electric and hybrid vehicles are designed and work, including major systems and typical components.










electric & hybrid vehicle fires
this program discusses common failure modes, evidence handling procedures, and safety protocols for electric and hybrid vehicles.










electrical safety
this module presents critical electrical safety practices that every fire investigator should implement at every scene, every time.










emerging technologies in fire investigation
in this program, we will look at emerging technologies that fire investigators are integrating into their daily investigative work with great success.










ethical duties beyond the fire scene
this self-paced program examines the fire investigator's ethical duties beyond the fire scene.










ethics & social media
this module discusses the intersection of social media, ethics, and the relationship of what’s legal to what’s ethical in decision-making.










ethics and the fire investigator
should you work for a private lab as a consultant if you are on an arson task force?  how about accepting discounts from the local hardware store as a “thanks” for a job well done on a fire they had last year?










evidence examination: what happens at the lab?
this module takes investigators into the forensic laboratory and shows them what happens to the different types of fire scene evidence that are typically submitted for testing.










explosion dynamics
this module teaches the foundational knowledge of explosion dynamics, which is a necessary precursor to investigating an explosion scene.










fatal fires: an introduction
this module provides a thorough understanding of the ways an investigation changes when a fire-related death occurs.










fatal fires: fire effects on the body
this module is a foundational introduction to how fire affects and damages the human body.










fatal fires: investigation
this module discusses investigative tasks specific to fatal fires, including properly recovering and moving a body and interpreting fire effects on the body within the context of the fire scene.










fire chemistry
this module addresses the foundations of fire chemistry and places it within the context of fire scene investigations.










fire dynamics calculations - version 2.0
the program is designed to introduce a new palm/pocket pc application called cfi calculator to users and provide examples of how it can be used by fire investigators in the field.










fire dynamics in the wildland
this module discusses foundational wildland fire terminology, factors that influence wildland fire behavior, how these factors interact to produce fire effects (and subsequently fire patterns), and new research into fire dynamics in the wildland that is challenging assumptions.










fire effects part 1: heat effects on fuels
learn about the mass loss and deformation effects of heat on fuels, including definition, formation explanation, the fire scene context, and implications for fire pattern analysis.










fire effects part 2: combustion by-products effects
learn how combustion by-products that cause discoloration and smoke deposition on surfaces and the implications for fire pattern analysis.










fire flow analysis
this module explains fire flow path and discusses the effects of ventilation, fuel availability, and the modern fire environment on that flow path.










fire investigation for fire officers
this module provides a road map for fire officers to integrate and navigate their fire investigation duty with all their other responsibilities and describes where to obtain specific training in fire investigation.










fire investigator scene safety
the evaluation of hazards and the assessment of the relative risks associated with the investigation of fires and explosions are critical factors in the management of any investigation.










fire protection systems
this module will describe the most commonly encountered fire protection systems.










fundamentals of interviewing
this module presents best practices in preparing for and conducting the informational interview with witnesses in the fire investigation case.










fundamentals of residential building construction
this module provides instruction on the fundamentals of residential building construction with an eye toward how building construction affects fire development.










the hazwoper standard
this module provides introductory information on the hazardous waste operations and emergency response (hazwoper) standard – 29 cfr 1910.120.










how first responders impact the fire investigation
this module teaches first responders, including fire, police and ems, how to make critical observations.










ignitable liquid detection canine teams
this module helps the investigator understand how igl canine teams are trained and worked so investigators can work in partnership with the handler to conduct searches successfully and safely.










the impact of ventilation in building structures on fire development
the program examines the importance of assessing the impact of ventilation on a fire.










insurance and the fire investigation
this program discusses how to access insurance information, understand insurance documents, ask key questions of witnesses, and apply the information learned.










introduction to appliances
this module offers a basic introduction about how some selected major appliances operate.










introduction to evidence
this program introduces the fire investigator to the issues related to the collection, handling and use of evidence related to a fire investigation.










introduction to fire dynamics and modeling
this program takes you inside the national institute of standards and technology (nist) archives of some of the most interesting and instructive test burns and fire model simulations they have ever conducted.










introduction to youth-set fires
this program describes the scope of the youth-set fire problem, how fire investigation addresses it, and the fire investigator’s responsibilities in a youth-set fire case.










investigating fire and explosion incidents involving a line-of-duty death
this self-paced program will help you understand what to expect at a fire where an lodd has occurred, what your role is, how to interact with others, and how to handle special circumstances at the scene.










investigating motor vehicle fires
this program will introduce the fire investigator to the basic methodologies use to investigate vehicle fires.










investigating natural gas systems
this module discusses investigating a fire when natural gas is present, including natural gas as an ignition and fire spread source, documentation, and system testing.










legal aspects of investigating youth-set fires
this module discusses the juvenile justice system, legalities of interviews and interrogations, arson statutes, search and seizure, and confidentiality.










lightning fire cause investigation
this module details the major elements to consider when evaluating lightning as a fire cause in a structure.










lightning fundamentals
this module details the fundamentals of lightning, how it is detected, and how it contacts buildings and wildland fuels.










lithium-ion battery fires
this program explains what lithium-ion batteries are, how they are constructed, where they are used, safety concerns, and how they can cause fires and explosions.










magnetek: a case study in the daubert challenge
this program discusses the latest developments in expert testimony under the daubert standard, including the magnetek case decided in the united states circuit court of appeals.










managing complex fire scene investigations
this module focuses on how to manage investigations that have “complicating” factors.










motive, means, and opportunity:  determining responsibility in an arson case
this module uses the motive, means, and opportunity case study to demonstrate how responsibility is determined in an arson case.










motor vehicles: the engine and the ignition, electrical, and fuel systems
this program covers the general anatomy of a motor vehicle and a description of typical components of the engine, electrical, ignition, and fuel systems.










motor vehicles: transmission, exhaust, brake, and accessory systems
this program describes the function and major components of a motor vehicle’s transmission, exhaust, brake, and accessory systems.










nfpa 1033 & 921: 2022/2021 editions important updates
this module discusses the highlights of important changes in these new editions and their implications for fire investigation.










nfpa 1033 and your career
this module educates the investigator about nfpa 1033’s importance, its requirements, and how those requirements impact the fire investigator’s professional development.










personal protective equipment for post-fire scenes
this module is “ppe 101” for all personnel who operate at post-fire scenes.










photovoltaic cells & systems
this module discusses how photovoltaic systems work, how they are designed and installed, and how to safely interact with them when investigating a fire scene.










physical evidence at the fire scene
the program illustrates for the fire investigator, how non-traditional fire scene evidence can be helpful during an investigation.










postflashover fires
this module describes ventilation-controlled fire flow and interpretation of postflashover fire damage patterns.










the potential value of electronic evidence in fire investigations
this module demonstrates the investigative potential of information stored on electronic devices.










the practical application of the relationship between nfpa 1033 and nfpa 921
this module explains the relationship between nfpa 1033 and nfpa 921.










preparation for the marine fire scene
this module lays the groundwork for understanding marine fires by covering four basic concepts that the investigator must understand before investigating a marine fire.










preventing occupational exposures to carcinogens at the fire scene
in this module, you will learn more about how cancer develops, what occupational exposure risks to carcinogens exist at fire scenes, and how to better protect yourself against those exposures.










process of elimination
the use of the process of elimination in the determination of a fire cause is a topic that has generated significant discussion and controversy in the fire investigation profession.










residential electrical systems
this module teaches the basics of the electrical power generation, distribution, and transmission system.










residential natural gas systems
this module presents the basics of natural gas and its uses and system components in a residence.










the scientific method for fire and explosion investigation
the basics of the scientific method are deceptively simple: observe, hypothesize, test, and conclude.










search and seizure
this module explains the principles of search and seizure under the fourth amendment, as contained in the amendment and according to subsequent case law and applies them to typical fire scene scenarios.










site safety assessment
this module describes how to conduct a site safety assessment, identify potential hazards, craft a plan to mitigate risks, and act so you do not bring the hazards home.










thermometry, heat, and heat transfer
this module addresses the foundations of thermometry, including the definition of temperature, the scales used to measure temperature and much more.










understanding fire through the candle experiments
this program presents the results of flame experiments conducted with a candle.










understanding the fire investigator’s job: a guide for non-investigators
this self-paced program explains to non-investigators the role of the fire investigator, what the fire investigator does, how the fire investigator is trained, what qualifications the fire investigator must meet.










understanding undetermined
this program untangles the meanings of “undetermined,” explains its correct usage, and describes how to properly report “undetermined” fire cause and classification.










using resources to validate your hypothesis
this module will advise fire investigators on how to approach the fact-finding procedures necessary and validate a hypothesis.










vacant and abandoned buildings: hazards and solutions
this module provides an overview on how structures can become vacant and eventually abandoned.










what the insurance professional needs to know about fire investigation
this self-paced program provides a basic framework for structuring the management of fire cases and fire investigators.










wildland fires investigation
this module illustrates how wildland fires spread, explains how to interpret burn patterns unique to these types of fires.










writing the initial origin and cause report
this module presents the key elements of the initial origin and cause report and methods of clearly presenting findings in a professional manner.










podcasts



polling


answer required







take another poll



promo



get fit







get started
                        cfitrainer.net is the online resource for training fire investigators at all levels. the broad-based training modules assist fire investigators in meeting the topical areas contained in nfpa 1033, standard for professional qualifications for fire investigators. in addition to individual program training, cfitrainer.net offers multi program training certification, fire investigation podcasts, the fire scene evidence guide, and the latest fire investigation news. register online to get started.
                









cfitrainer.net®
                              the online resource for
fire investigation training & resources




home
 | 
about cfitrainer.net
 | 
register for certified fire investigator training
 | 
certified fire investigator training programs
 | 
multi-program certificates
 | 
fire investigation news
 | 
fire scene evidence collection guide
 | 
newest resources
 | 
support
 | 
sitemap
 | 
privacy policy


                            copyright © 2025 iaai and stonehouse media incorporated®.
                        



a project of:
the international association of arson investigators
global leaders in fire investigation®



twitter
facebook
youtube
instagram











×














