

madminute games, inc.


















 
buy tc2m!!



main



home


forum


awards



faq/info



mods


downloads



screenshots



info


support



tc2m 
      sdk/modding 


links


archives



tc2m 
      buzz


reviews/previews 
       


















welcome 
          to the madminute games (mmg) website. we created the pc software war 
          game series "take command" and the award winning take command game 
          engine. our second title take command - 2nd manassas is available now. 
          take command is an rtcs "real-time combat simulator" and you've 
          never played anything like it! 












tc2m 
                generals





   scourge of war: gettysburg

march 13, 2012






                                    scourge of war: gettysburg is the next generation of civil war combat command simulations, headed  by renowed game designer norb timpko, designer of the acclaimed take command series.  re-create the full battle of gettysburg in 3d, as well  as other battles by purchasing the expansion packs. 
              

                                                                                  
              
visit scourgeofwar.com to 
            download the demo 






tc2m 78th best game of all time!!

january 28, 2012





              pcgamer march 2012 edition listed the top 100 games of all time.  tc2m made the list!  it's been a while since it's been released, it's sort of like hitting the hall of fame for us.  if you want to see what's it's all about, we are selling the fully patched version on the norbsoftdev store.  just click the link in the upper left.
              
purchase by 
            direct download 



         
        

news
              from the front

april
                21, 2008




since
              my last update the sound of the long roll hasn?t stopped. 
              ever since norb graciously opened the game to our modders
              it has been a non-stop avalanche of new material that is always
              highly anticipated and then greedily consumed by our little
              community of volunteers.
  
              

first
              off are two expansive and dense maps from the beginning of the
              overland campaign that were released in early march.  our
              very own and talented 122nd ohio has given new
              nightmares to all of us whether you fight for those in gray or
              righteously uphold the cause of union!  the
              wilderness is now available for your footsore and tired men to
              slug it out amongst the dark and foreboding forests west of fredericksburg
              and the 
              chancellorsville
              battlefields.  beware though, it?s easy to get
              confused and lost in the expanse of green and trying to coordinate
              your army while in the midst of an attack or while being attacked
              is no small task.  now you can learn what
              general u.s. grant and the army of the 
              potomac
              suffered through during those miserable days of may 5-6, 1864. 
               take the role of general robert e. lee and surprise
              your enemy by going on the offensive and reduce the 
              union
              ?s numerical superiority to naught using the woods and thickets
              to your advantage.  you can always take a
              breather in tapp field as long as you don?t get captured!
  
              

another
              great ?packaged mod deal? released in early march is the
              fantastic olustee battle with a bunch of goodies included. 
              produced by crikey with a map by wrangler
              this mod is a must have as the community slowly chips away at all
              the different theaters of the war.  long overdue
              and a brilliant feature of this mod is, of course, a usct (united
              states colored troops) sprite!!  included is the
              olustee oob for open play, 5 scenarios, new music, and also
              a new 

              georgia

              flag and usct flag for the fm version of the oob?s!  there
              are also new splash screens and intro screens if you so wish to
              use them.
  
              

now
              on to the latest and greatest from our scenario creator
              extraordinaire markt.  in my opinion
              nothing makes this game as great or as enjoyable as well written
              scenarios as evidenced by the stock scenarios and all the many new
              scenarios created for antietam, 
              chickamauga
              and 

              fredericksburg

              .  adding
              to those already ?must haves? is 35 new champions
              hill scenarios for use with louie raider?s
              champion hill map!!  that?s right the
              western theater is getting it?s due and is not being overlooked
              by our fantastic modding community.   the
              vicksburg campaign highlighted grant?s brilliance and now you
              too can fight your way to the 
              mississippi
              and the doorstep of  that great prize of 

              vicksburg

              .  play one of the most important fights in the
              arguably most important campaign of the entire war!  only
              in take command.
  
              

also
              promised and forthcoming from markt are new wilderness
              scenarios for the already released maps and a revisitation of the
              antietam battlefield and the struggles on the south end of 

              sharpsburg

              !!
  
              

and
              now i?ve saved the best for last. 
  
              

we
              again travel to the western theater of the war and step back in
              time to december 31 ? january 2, 1862 along the banks of the
              cold stones river next to the town of 
              murfreesboro
              , 

              tennessee 
              .  a brilliant recreation in two maps has been
              graced to us all again by 122nd 

              ohio 
              

 who is incredibly fast in his endeavors and strives to bring
              both unmatched creativity and historical accuracy to his map
              works.  set in the cold gray and brown winter of
              

              tennessee 
              these maps truly capture the terrain and atmosphere of that
              fateful fight.  the cedar thickets and limestone
              outcroppings are faithfully recreated along with a new cotton
              field sprite and other structures created specifically for these
              maps. 
  
              

i
              have to mention that i recreated a brand new stones river oob
              that 122nd 

              ohio
              

 also included in the download package for use with his maps. 
              much time, effort and love went into getting the oob right
              and i do believe it is a great representation of the early/mid war
              

              us 
              and csa western armies.  markt is
              currently in production of many new scenarios to be released
              shortly using both the maps and my oob.
  
              

so
              as you can see, once again much is happening and continues to
              happen in our fantastic take command civil war gaming community. 
              our beloved game has grown in leaps and bounds far beyond
              its initial release.  there is no greater value
              for the dollar in any computer wargame on the market!  between
              all the maps, scenarios, graphics and community mods it?s truly
              more than 5 games wrapped into one!!
  
              

until
              next time i remain and will always be,
  
              

phantom
              captain



         
        
        
        

just
              in time for the holidays!!!

december
                17, 2007





              well since norb?s last update a few months ago things have literally exploded in the take command second manassas world!! 
              



 

released in september and in time for the anniversary of the battle of antietam our happy little community of modders have done it again! 
              




 

two incredibly detailed maps created and released by louie raider have been made available to the entire take command community.  antietam north and antietam south.  once again fight your way across the cornfield or cringe as the minie balls whip past your men next to bloody lane.   fight your way across the meandering creek as you struggle to carry and hold burnside?s bridge!    currently markt has written 17 historical scenarios to accompany louie?s maps with additional scenarios promised in the future! 
              




 

shortly after the release of antietam we were again gifted with another great map and scenarios brought to you by the modding talents of louie raider and markt.   and this time it?s chickamauga!  mark and louie have again really outdone themselves with another stunning map and this time over 60, yes, 60 scenarios!!  highly recommended and another just incredible addition to our favorite game.  this time fight through the undergrowth and thickets alongside that muddy little creek in georgia.  be longstreet and drive your sledgehammer attack through the union lines.  become the rock of chickamauga as you try to hold snodgrass hill against an unrelenting and overwhelming confederate advance.  even wilder?s lightning brigade is represented with those damn spencers you load on sunday and shoot all week! 
              




 

and now, released on the anniversary of that fateful day december 13, 1862? 
              




tomcattwo has brought us an amazing and fantastic labor of love with his fredericksburg map.  if you truly want to see what can be done by modders and how adaptable and moddable this game can be you must check out the fredericksburg map.  not only has tomcattwo faithfully and historically recreated fredericksburg of the time but he has also added an incredible amount of new 3d objects to the game!  new buildings, floating pontoon bridges, the steeples of fredericksburg, and even an observation balloon flying over chatham!  as of now only the north map has been released along with scenarios written again by markt depicting the futile and horrible union assaults against the stone wall next to the sunken road.  someone on the boards commented and with this i have to agree that, no book, movie or written or spoken account of this assault can truly do it justice as to how it must have been for all those soldiers involved.  here, for the first time, can you truly get a sense of the futility and horror of those assaults up against one of the strongest positions of the entire war.  try it for yourself and see!!  tomcattwo has fredericksburg south waiting in the wings along with even more scenarios by markt depicting meade?s assault south of town!  to be released soon? 
              





along with all these great projects the rest of the modding community has not been asleep!!  just released in time for fredericksburg is the community mod pack 3.0!  check the forum for all the things included in this massive release!  there are a ton, believe me.  a few more user created maps have been released and it seems there is something always in the works!  new oob?s are always being released along with our very own community oob.  if you want a commission better check the boards and sound off! 
              




far from being stagnant things are hopping in the community!
              

phantom captain



         
        

tc2m
              mods

october
                11, 2007




just
              in case you don't visit our boards, here is some information that
              you really need to know.  our mod community is very strong
              and has been creating a ton of content for tc2m.  they are
              slowly covering the entire war, even other wars within the same
              time period.  i have offered to post any mods that i am sent
              and put them on the site.  just click the mods link on the
              left and you will see the list.  ever since i opened up the
              maps for modders, they have been doing a better job than we could
              ever do of creating new content for tc2m.  i just posted
              chickamauga by louie raider and markt from the boards.  two
              new maps and 68 scenarios.  that's just one example of what
              you will find tc2m modders doing.  so check out the mods and
              join the boards to discuss how to change history.
norb




copyright ©2003-2008, madminute 
            games, inc. all rights reserved in the united states and throughout 
            the world. madminute games, the madminute games logo and take command 
            are trademarks of madminute games inc. 





  


