









making hardware easy | true value hardware








































 





















    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    






































 making hardware easyto ensure the best possible product range & online experience for you... all online orders for true value hardware stores can now be made via https://www.mitre10.com.au/. browse over 20,000 products to click & collect from your local true value hardware store. simply make your purchase and choose your local true value hardware store as the collection point. you can also "buy now, pay later" with afterpay & zip!our historytrue value hardware in australia commenced in 1990 with the consolidation of several small chains of independent hardware retailers; price right in qld, village hardware in vic/tas and true value hardware in nsw and sa. the original trading name comes from the united states, but today there is no link. true value hardware is a registered brand of mitre 10 pty ltd. the rationale in consolidating the various groups into true value hardware was towards achieving economies of scale which would help us deliver better service to our customers across australia. in 1997 true value hardware was launched in wa making us a truly national hardware chain. today there are close to 70 true value hardware stores throughout australia. all stores are independently owned and operated and generally the owner of the store runs the store. therefore our owners pride themselves on knowing their customers and being able to help them action their quick fix it jobs and easy diy projects. each true value hardware store is unique in a different way to ensure the needs of each different market are served. as such some true value stores are destinations for outdoor furniture and bbqs, while other are experts in paint & colour, power tools, automotive or homewares. true value hardware - making hardware easy

 






 











partnered with











            shall we send you a message when we have promotions available?        


                remind me later            

                allow            






                thank you! please check your email inbox to confirm.            








            oops! notifications are disabled.        




mitre 10 acknowledges the bunurong people of the kulin nation, the traditional custodians of the land on which our support centre is located. we acknowledge the traditional owners of country throughout australia and recognise the continuing connection to lands, waters and communities. we pay our respects to elders past and present.


