



	home | national rural letter carrier's association






















































national rural letter carriers' association







search









home   •   
                                what's new   •   
                                contact us













member login




username: 





password: 







forgot username / passwordcreate account



member login


















                    menu
                
toggle navigation








home
what's new
joinhow to become an nrlca memberwhy join the nrlca?medianrlca in the newspress releaseswhat is the nrlca?legislativeoffice of governmental affairslegislative updatespolitical action committee (pac)legislative issues and fact sheetsannual legislative seminaruseful linksnational & state officersnrlca national boardstate officers searchnrlca national auxiliaryretirementretirement assistanceretirement articles & informationretirement resourcesmagazinecurrent issues2024 magazinesarchives (2005-2023)special contract issuesnational convention2025 national conventionnational convention video seriesnational convention proceedingsdepartmentslabor relationsrural carrier pay schedulesrural carrier ema rate schedulemousletters of clarification / mutual understandingnational pre-arbitration settlementsnational workhour reportsteward operationsfind your stewardfind your district representativesteward resourcessteward reference guidesteward links by topicmagazine q&a by topicusps handbooks and manualsusps formsrrecs mini mail surveyother referencesinsuranceinsurance detailspostal service health benefits (pshb) programrural carrier benefit plan (rcbp)national generalfsafeds flexible spending account informationmembershipwhy join nrlca?nrlca recruitment booklet (pdf)nrlca form 1187 (pdf)nrlca form 1187-r retireesdues chartstate secretariesrequesting recruitment brochures for academiesrecruit a friend today (raft) programworker's compworkers' compensation assistanceinjury compensation handbookecomppay workers comp/lwop duesowcp formsfederal employees' compensation act (feca)























protect our letter carriers act re-introduced

on february 6, 2025, congressman brian fitzpatrick (r-pa) and congressman greg landsman (d-oh) re-introduced the protect our letter carriers act, h.r. 1065. sens. kirsten gillibrand (d-ny) and josh hawley (r-mo) introduced the senate version of the bill, s. 463.



read more here
















eastern states conference 2025

join us march 14-16, 2025 for the eastern states conference (esc) in ocean city, md. come hear the latest news from the nrlca national board, staff, and other guests!  



register here 
















rrecs mini mail survey: february 22-march 7, 2025

the next rrecs mini mail survey (mms) will be held february 22 to march 7, 2025. route evaluations will go into effect on saturday, april 5, 2025. please visit our mms resource page for the latest updates.  



learn more
















january/february 2025 national rural letter carrier

the jan/feb 2025 issue of the nrlca national magazine is now available to download. inside this issue: q&a on territorial adjustments mou, social security fairness act, relief carrier appreciation week, and more!



download issue
















letter of understanding on pars label time

the nrlca and the usps entered into a letter of understanding that will credit pars label time for each route utilizing the previous 52 weeks of data. this technological advancement will eliminate the need to collect this data during the mini mail survey.

 



read more
















wreath laying ceremony at tomb of the unknown soldier

on december 9, 2024, nrlca national officers took part in a wreath ceremony at the tomb of the unknown soldier at arlington national cemetery. to be involved in such an event is a great honor. this video features your national board paying respect to those who have given all.



watch here
















mou signed on territorial route adjustments

the nrlca and usps have agreed to a memorandum of understanding (mou) establishing procedures for rural routes receiving territorial adjustments, including adjustments to relieve overburdened routes, consolidations of one or more routes in an office, and the creation of new routes.



read the mou


watch the video














postal employees' relief fund

when natural disasters strike, postal employees are welcome sights, delivering vital supplies and mail. but who takes care of postal service employees who also are victims of natural disasters? fellow postal employees!

please consider making a contribution to perf to help your fellow postal family members!



donate now
















nrlca and usps sign mou allowing regular rural carriers to volunteer to work on sundays and provide assistance on other rural routes
 

beginning saturday, august 24, 2024 and continuing through friday, february 21, 2025, regular rural carriers may volunteer to work on sunday to deliver packages and provide service on rural routes other than their assigned routes. 



download mou
















coverage factor on rural routes

the coverage factor established for a rural route has a direct impact on the rrecs evaluation of the route.  we have created a handy tool for rural carriers to use to validate the coverage factor on their route.



learn more
















nrlca rcam announcement

the rural contract administration manual (rcam) provides a mutually agreed upon explanation on how the contract should be applied.

we encourage all parties to use the rcam to ensure contract compliance and to foster more professional working relationships.



watch video


download














driving a route vehicle presents its own unique challenges, and your insurance shouldn't be one of them.

national general insurance understands these intricacies and can provide peace of mind protection for your route vehicle—and so much more! we even offer personal auto, rv and motorcycle insurance. call to find out more about what we can offer you!



learn more
















benefits of membership

the national rural letter carriers' association was established in 1903 to improve the methods used by rural letter carriers, benefit their conditions of labor with the usps, promote a fraternal spirit, and create a united force to advance the interests of all members. learn more about the benefits that an active membership can provide you!



join today
















aetna medicare advantage for rcbp

rcbp is offering an enhancement for retirees with medicare parts a & b—the option to opt-in to aetna medicare advantage!

a frequently asked questions (faq) document has been created to answer common questions retirees may have while making a decision that is best for themselves and their families.



learn more
















reset your nrlca password

we have had many members call the nrlca national office asking to have their passwords reset or to re-activate their log-in information for the nrlca website and mobile app.

members now have the ability to change or update their password, username, and/or email address using the manage profile form.



reset password
















special offer for nrlca members: apcu visa affinity credit card

nrlca members – show your nrlca pride with an apcu visa® affinity card! this rewards card comes with no monthly fees and a special offer for new applicants.



learn more
















nrlca on social media

click below to follow us on social media! we share information and stories to help keep our members and the public informed about issues that affect rural carriers and their families.

twitter:  @nrlca
facebook:  @nrlcaofficial
instagram:  @nrlca_official



follow us

















welcomemember resourcesrrecs resourcesrrecs trainingarea conferencesnrlca videoswhat's new






welcome to the national rural letter carriers' association
the purpose of this association shall be to improve the methods used by rural letter carriers, to benefit their conditions of labor with the united states postal service (usps), and to promote a fraternal spirit among its members.
to access members-only content on this site, you will need to log-in with your current credentials or create a new account using the link at the top. need help resetting your user name or password? click here.




quicklinks

press releaseshow to become an nrlca memberhow to reset your nrlca website passwordwhat is the nrlcahow to request recruitment booklets















find stewards by zip code

















nrlca apps












links




2021-2024 usps-nrlca national agreement

                                handbook el-902, 2021-2024 usps-nrlca national agreement
                            




rural contract administration manual

                                this manual is designed as a resource for the administration of the national agreement.
                            




regular carriers working on sunday mou

                                usps/nrlca have agreed to a temporary limited modification to articles 8.1 and 30.1.p of the national agreement.
                            




local steward form 10

                                application for local steward form 10
                            




steward application

                                we are currently accepting applications for area stewards and assistant district representatives.
                            




automated job bidding for rural carriers

                                ejob bidding on www.liteblue.usps.gov
                            












what can i do on this site?



select

select an option...2021-2024 usps/nrlca national agreementrural contract administration manualconstitution of the national rural letter carriers' associationsteward applicationupcoming eventspress releaseswhat is the nrlca?



















what can i do on this site?



select

select an option...2021-2024 usps/nrlca national agreementrural contract administration manualconstitution of the national rural letter carriers' associationsteward applicationupcoming eventspress releaseswhat is the nrlca?















national rural letter carriers' association 2014. all rights reserved. custom website design by miles it.
home | membership | what's new | media | state officers | labor relations | stewards operations | worker's compensation | government affairs/pac | insurance | privacy policy | sitemap



                            national rural letter carriers' association
                            1630 duke street
                            alexandria, virginia 22314-3467
                            phone: 703-684-5545
                        













{1}


##loc[ok]##





{1}






##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##





{1}


##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##









