













watch me grow childcare and preschool in gilbert, arizona





































×












lindsay: (480) 855-1004

lindsay@wmgchildcare.com


power: (480) 427-2755

power@wmgchildcare.com


riggs: (480) 478-8899

riggs@wmgchildcare.com








 
 
 










 




about us

       meet us        
    our policies    
     enrollment     
 meals & menus 
   photo gallery   

parent handbook



programs

    curriculum    
infants program
 young toddlers 
 older toddlers 
      preschool      
  pre-k program  



parent area

    news alerts    



       calendar       
   weekly menu   
school holidays
 parent reviews 




cameras

    lindsay login    
     power login     
     riggs login     
    web cameras    
technical support




careers

        open positions        
employment application




our locations

     information     
  power location  
  lindsay location  
    riggs location    



enrollment

         rates         
    documents    
         faqs         
    enroll now    
   contact info   
schedule a tour



















welcome to













welcome to













welcome to























about us





"parents need a place that they can trust, with well trained, dedicated, caring staff, age appropriate activities and a safe environment for their children to grow and develop. watch me grow child care is that place. children are given the opportunity to explore and learn about themselves and the world around them with guidance and support from our exceptional staff. parents are able to see this for themselves anytime through an innovative internet viewing system with cameras in every classroom."
"finding quality child care is one of the most important things parents can do for their children. i know first hand how difficult it can be to leave your child to go to work. at watch me grow child care, parents can see for themselves that their child is in the best possible environment while they are away."  ~julie costello, owner/director 


more about us














privately owned
watch me grow child care is locally owned and operated allowing us to offer care and
                     attention based on your child's individual needs not franchise policies.








loving teachers
our teachers are compassionate, caring, patient and loving. we hire educated
                     professionals who are passionate about early childhood education.








live cameras
never miss a minute of your child's day with high definition cameras installed
                     in every classroom. watch on your mobile device or desktop/laptop!
                   








instant updates
we send parents text messages, pictures, and videos throughout the day, keeping them informed
                     of activities and fun things happening in real time.















programs







infants program
we follow a lower than state allowed ratio of 4 infants per caregiver and assign each baby a primary caregiver to facilitate bonding and develop a strong relationship between baby and caregiver.

read more





young toddlers
young toddlers are encouraged to explore and discover new things with guidance and encouragement from staff.

read more




older toddlers
our bumble bee room allows children more opportunity for growth and development though the use of activity centers and structured play.

read more




preschool program
the preschool program was designed to meet the developmental and social needs of children at this stage in development.

read more




pre-k program
our pre-k program helps children develop the skills necessary to ensure a successful beginning to their school career.

read more













schedule a tour
for more information about watch me grow childcare and preschool in gilbert, az, please feel free to call us at (480) 855-1004 or schedule a tour.
                 we would love to meet you and your family and introduce you to your child's home away from home!

contact us












what our parents have to say!













            all three of our children have attended watch me grow at some point over the last 7 years.  currently, our one year old is in the caterpillars room and we just love ms. emily. also, the live feed video cameras are an added bonus. i love being able to check in throughout the day to see how my little one is doing.  watch me grow has not just been a daycare. it has been a fun, educational and supportive environment for all 3 of our children.
            oscar and jessica ruiz












            we started our son in the bumble bee class in september after he had been at home the first two years. my husband and i were very nervous about entering into the child care/preschool world. by the end of week 2, he was all smiles pulling into school and it is 100% due to the love and attention he received from watch me grow! they very much treat our son like their own and it means the world to us. the other plus is how quickly our son has been developing....he counts to 10 forward and backward, reads us books and says countless new words every single day. we are so happy we found watch me grow!
            the elliott family












            we love watch me grow. our daughter learns something new every day. we love the structure of the rooms and the social skills she picks up. they are willing to help potty train as well. all of the teachers are great and take a personal interest in our daughter. the new paperless system they use for daily reports is amazing and we love that we receive shared moments (pictures) of our daughter throughout the week.
            natalie shipley












    watch me grow lives their mission statement daily. my daughter is light years ahead of where she would be with most preschools.  these teachers care and help my daughter  grow academically and emotionally.

    john dolan












my husband and i are so thankful for the teachers and staff at watch me grow. our oldest son began attending the preschool in 2014. from the very beginning, his teachers have been proactive in letting us know how he's doing in class and working with us on development opportunities. our youngest child just began going to watch me grow in june and already we see a significant improvement on his learning colors, shapes and counting. we highly recommend watch me grow as a place to send your child in the future.

the hunt family












      incredible. for reals. stop looking for a daycare and give them all your money. it is worth it. we pulled my son from another high rated daycare in the area. after a month at the previous daycare, he came home upset, crying, and wouldn't want to go the next day. after several talks with the director, we walked away. ever since bringing him here, he has excelled in so many areas. first, he loves going, and he comes home happy. when he’s home, he start pulling out all these "tricks" we have never seen or heard. new words, songs, counting, and sitting at the table to eat! then when he’s done, he walks to the trash and throws his plate away. they turned him into a smart little angel boy. every interaction with the staff has been delightful, and you can tell they truly care about each kid. i love when you log into the camera and you always see the teachers paying attention to the kids and interacting. the app is so great. all throughout the day i get updates on what he’s doing, eating, or sleeping. then i get fun photos and videos of his activities. after awhile, i stopped logging into the cameras because they really give you such detailed reports. then when i pick him up, they tell me how he did that day and any issues that may have come up. i highly recommend this place. it has taken such a huge burden off of our shoulders. we feel like our child is well taken care of, safe, and happy every time his is in their care.
      anonymous












        i cannot say enough good things about watch me grow, and the teachers there. my kids love their teachers and their faces light up when they see them. they look forward to school and are sad on days they don't go. straight up, it's hard leaving your kids with someone else, but wmg makes it so much easier with daily pictures, messages, 24/7 cameras so you can check in any time. plus everyone there is amazing and so kind. seriously, if you're on the fence about this place, don't be.
        anonymous












          my toddler just started at watch me grow and he loves it! we had gone to another preschool previously and he would start crying when we pulled into the parking lot begging to go home. when we get to watch me grow, he walks right in like he owns the place. no tears, all smiles. everyone is friendly and his teachers are kind and patient. highly recommend!
          anonymous












            wonderful place for my shy son to make friends while learning, playing and enjoying a nurturing environment! before watch me grow, i had so much trouble finding a pre-school for my son. thankfully, i found this gem. are you worried about what happens while you're away? no problem! watch your little one on a live video feed! there is also no weird rule about picking up kids at a specific time every day (as long as it's before closing time). come and go as you please -- no shady business to cover up here.
            
            i can't say enough about the quality of management. julie, the owner, has tremendous experience and credentials in this field. andrea also manages and is incredibly bright, welcoming and helpful. the teachers are as energetic as the kids, and are constantly moving to engage the children in art, reading, sensory experiences, music and so on.
            
            there are even "water days," when the kids arrive in swimsuits for a fun morning of playing on the private splash pad. if you are looking for a safe and high quality experience that your child will love, this is it. seeing the tremendous positive change in my son after only a couple of months, watch me grow definitely lives up to its name.
            anonymous












              it takes a village to raise children and watch me grow is our village. the staff at wmg is sensitive, caring and committed to the children in their care. my family has been at wmg for 3 years. when looking at the options for childcare we were looking for a small facility for our then 2 year old as we were expecting twins. we wanted a consistent staff, reasonable prices and a place where our children could thrive before starting 'school'. the staff is organized, thoughtful and hard working. they are open, friendly and valuable to the care of my children. the live video feed in each classroom eases our minds and allows us to check into our children 'real time' and 'anytime'. my children are learning and growing each day in an open, fun, creative and nurturing environment. wmg has a mobile app and we are able to receive updates during the day, photos and videos. i can call or text the staff at anytime and receive a fast, open response. my husband and i are so thankful to the owner julie costello and the entire wmg staff for the time, energy, effort and love they show our three children. if you are looking for a place to support your children's growth i would highly recommend wmg.
              anonymous












                my daughter started at watch me grow at 3 months, and is now 3.5 years old. we absolutely love this school and would recommend them to anybody. it is clean and bright, the teachers are loving and friendly and always willing to lend an ear. my daughter loves all of her teachers and has met some great friends along the way. everybody is caring and accommodating, and no matter what is going on with my kiddo, i know she is well taken care of. the facility is great too! they have 3 outdoor play spaces, a splash pad, an indoor play room, a remote-accessible video surveillance system. if you are unsure about your current school or nervous about choosing the first one, check out watch me grow, they will not disappoint.
                anonymous












                  my husband and i are absolutely enthralled with watch me grow. our experience at our last daycare was not that great and we really took a lot of time when choosing a new one. we knew when we first stepped foot in wmg that it would be one of the top contenders. the environment and staff are so light and friendly and we are always greeted warmly. upon enrollment, the director and other staff members were constantly in contact with me via email or phone to keep me posted on updates at the daycare. we knew we'd found the perfect fit once our two-year-old daughter started attending wmg: each one of the staff members knows our daughter by name and it shows in how her face lights up when we get there each morning. the curriculum is top notch - our daughter comes home having learned new words, colors, and songs and is never in a bad mood.
                  anonymous



























hours of operation 6:00 am to 6:00 pm

holidays and closures



watch me grow lindsay
(480) 855-1004
lindsay@wmgchildcare.com
4100 s. lindsay rd, suite 117 gilbert, az 85297









watch me grow power
(480) 427-2755
power@wmgchildcare.com
4677 e. queen creek rd. gilbert az, 85297
sw corner of power and queen creek roads









watch me grow riggs
(480) 478-8899
riggs@wmgchildcare.com
7135 s. val vista drive gilbert az, 85298
ne corner of val vista and riggs road







































