












department of sociology - uc santa barbara
























skip to main content





university of california, santa barbara






 


department of sociology - uc santa barbara





main menuresearchpeopleundergraduategraduatenews & eventsgivesearch

























  
  
 ucsb - socially engaged and inclusive, global-minded and environmentally aware, open and supportive
 
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
 sociology ph.d. graduate liliana rodriguez giving 2019 commencement address
 
  



  
  
 ucsb sociology professors enjoy the 2019 asa conference
 
  



  
  
 sociology department staff enjoying lunch together at meet up chinese restaurant
 
  



  
  
 ucsb students raise awareness around the cola movement, sociology graduate students among those leading the charge
 
  






previous

pause

next





 







remembering alicia cast

alicia cast was a gifted sociologist and social psychologist who passed away on february 22, 2024. she will be deeply missed. she was most renowned in sociology for her work on the role of emotions in identity formation, and relationships of identity to attitudes, behaviors, and social outcomes, including mental and physical health and patterns of inequality. she was theoretically sharp, quantitatively sophisticated, and analytically insightful. continuing reading
 
if you wish to share your memories of alicia, you can do so on this memory board. the department is planning a memorial for alicia cast to take place may 23rd from 3:30-5:30, in loma pelona.
 









message from the chair
welcome to the ucsb sociology department. established in 1944, our highly ranked department is among the most diverse nationwide in terms of faculty and students. our faculty include internationally renowned scholars whose research and teaching have influenced intellectual developments affecting the landscape of the discipline, including intersectional analysis of social phenomena, new approaches to the study of gender and sexualities, social movements as drivers of social and political change, the “cultural turn” in sociology, and a “reflexive turn” in ethnography. in 2022, the us news and world report guide to graduate departments ranked uscb sociology third nationwide in the subfield of sex and gender, and tenth in sociology of culture. continued on the research page (click here).
 
chair's message
 






announcements




 remembering reg daniel 
  
 with great sadness, we announce the passing of reg daniel. he was a friend, colleague, mentor,... 
  


 jason turowetz 
  
 praised for his award-winning book, “autistic intelligence: interaction, individuality, and the challenges of diagnosis”
rethinking autism through the diagnostic process
 
 
  


 sarah thébaud 
  
 inducted into the sociological research association
 
  


 kum-kum bhavnani 
  
 recipient of the oliver johnson award for distinguished leadership in the academic senate
 
  


 liz munday 
  
 winner of the 2023-24 louis h. towbes fellowship
 
  


 alicia cast best undergraduate paper award 

 2024 winner, taryn ryan
2024 honorable mention, zeena haitham hamed
  
  


 jason turowetz 
  
 winner of asa social psychology section's
"outstanding recent contribution in social psychology award."
 
  


 outstanding graduate student teaching award 

 2024 winners are, madison avila and timothy perez
  
  



more announcements

 







we acknowledge the traditional custodians of the land upon which the university of california, santa barbara, is located, and pay our respects to the chumash elders past, present and future. they hold the memories, the traditions, and the culture of this area, which has become a place of learning for people from all over the world.
 








 











department of sociology
	university of california, santa barbara
	santa barbara ca 93106-9430
fax: (805) 893-3324
campus maps


college of letters and scienceuc santa barbaraaccessibilityappropriate useprivacywebmaster


©2025
the regents of the university of california.
all rights reserved.
uc santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106


 




