

















one voice for truckers everywhere | join the ooida family



















































 
 










clock



location



phone



check_box_outline_blank



check_box



chevron-down



chevron-left



chevron-right



chevron-up



facebook



instagram



google plus



pinterest



radio_button_checked



radio_button_unchecked



twitter



youtube



linkedin



arrow-up



send



play



search



close



cc-mastercard



cc-discover



cc-visa



cc-amex



star-filled



star



healthwellnessicon






get a truck insurance quote





ooida headquarters: 1 nw ooida dr., grain valley, mo 64029
(816) 229-5791


new/renew membership
request info
pay now
sign in









toggle navigation



menu




truckers rights
truck insurance
life & health benefits
business services
discounts & rebates
contact
 


search for:



search







get a truck insurance quote

truckers rights
truck insurance
life & health benefits
business services
discounts & rebates
contact


about us

office details
who we are
board members
our accomplishments
careers
awards & recognition



issues & actions

pac
federal legislation



membership 

join ooida
request information 
ooida on tour
truckers for troops



truck insurance

owner operators with authority
leased owner operators



life & health benefits 

occupational accident 
minimum essential coverage
accidental death & dismemberment
short term disability
group dental
voluntary vision
group life insurance
identity theft



business services 

business assistance
permits & licensing  
form 2290
applying for authority
compliance connection



drug & alcohol

drug & alcohol testing



discounts & rebates

discounts & rebates
truckers advantage fuel card
truckstop



education 

online education
truck to success
truck to success recordings
one pagers
white papers
sanitary transportation
foundation dispatch



resources

cost per mile
fuel surcharge calculator
leasing regulations q&a
certified medical examiner review
questions for a factoring service
industry links



ooida foundation

about the foundation
recent research
scholarship program
monthly trucking market update
quarterly trucking market update



media center

press releases 
ooida in the news
rss feeds


 


land line media
fighting for truckers
facebook
twitter
youtube

 
 







 


exclusive truckstop discount for ooida members!
ooida is proud to bring you an exciting member benefit: discounted access to truckstop, the load board that gives you the most trusted loads. you can unlock exclusive savings and take control of your business like never before. start today and fuel your success!

get started now











 


one voice for truckers everywhere
providing representation, information, education, benefits and savings to small-business and professional truck drivers.










fighting for the rights of truckers
the owner-operator independent drivers association has been fighting to defend the rights of small business truckers since 1973. no other organization works harder to aggressively represent your views on regulatory and legislative issues to lawmakers in washington, dc. join ooida’s more than 150,000 members who are working together to bring about positive change in the trucking industry.



 








what can ooida do for you?
ooida is the one national organization representing all professional truckers. becoming a member is the way for professional truckers to join together and make their views heard by lawmakers. an ooida membership also gives you access to meaningful resources and information to help you run your business successfully, as well as exclusive benefit programs and member savings on products and services from partner companies.









 


keeping truckers informed
ooida keeps truckers informed about industry issues, legislation, important developments affecting their business and new products through its monthly publication, land line magazine, its daily radio show, “land line now”, web sites as well as regular call-to-action, newsletters and email alerts.









 


education and research
through the ooida foundation, ooida makes available free on-line business education classes and information to advance members’ knowledge of their trucking operations so they can become more profitable and efficient. the ooida foundation also provides economic and safety research to the industry from the professional driver’s perspective. ooida serves on multiple committees to give our members a voice in many facets of the industry.












truck insurance
making sure you’re compliant
save money on operating expenses
life & health insurance





ooida is the most experienced commercial truck insurance specialist in the industry and has been at the forefront of developing low-cost insurance products for owner-operators since the early 1970s. ooida knows your trucking business and the unique needs of owner-operators and can provide you with the right information and a complete range of coverage and policy options. ooida offers convenient monthly installments without large up-front payments and no additional finance costs.







one of the most valuable resources that ooida makes available to members is its vast expertise, experience and knowledge of the complex issues truckers deal with every day. ooida’s business services department is comprised of trucking professionals who can assist members with information on topics such as drug and alcohol compliance, interpretation of the federal regulations, warranty issues, law enforcement and protection of their rights under lease agreements.







ooida is continually seeking partnerships with manufacturers and suppliers to help our members save on the costs of operating their business. ooida offers the truckers advantage fuel card, national preferred pricing on tires, rebates on new and used equipment, discounts on prepass and other valuable savings to help your bottom line. use your membership to its full potential and save money.







the ooida life & health benefits group offers members a variety of life and wellness plans, including occupational accident coverage, term life insurance, short-term disability coverage, aca-compliant minimum essential coverage for your preventive care needs and more, plus dental and vision plans.
















join the ooida family
join today & make a difference!
become a member



















fightingfortruckers
ooida pac
foundation
education & resources
shop
land line media
 



join ooida
contact
privacy policy
industry links
truck insurance




ooida headquarters

1 nw ooida dr.
grain valley,
            
                          mo
64029


we're social
 






          © copyright 2025 ooida. all rights reserved.
        

web design by lifted logic












































