








home - 2or-next






































































2or-next





home
about
blog

history of aviationthe emergence of world aviation was paved the way for the rapid development of science and technology, the work of enthusiastic inventors, scientists, and designers of several generations in different countries.
passenger aviationprivate airplanes are personal aircraft used for recreational flights, often single-engine monoplanes with non-retractable landing gear.
other aviationan airplane is a vehicle that has wings and one or more engines and is capable of moving through the air.


contact
privacy policy
 















cargo vs. passenger aircraft
 














read more




















 


















about blog 



 







welcome to my aviation blog. 
my name is clifford dalton, and i am interested in everything related to aircraft.
 aviation has always been one of the most exciting and technologically challenging industries in the world.  
















why helicopters fly so low 











like an airplane, which is kept in the air by the wings, a helicopter takes off by means of large diameter propellers. such a propeller is called a bearing propeller. the propeller has blades, each of which has an aerodynamic profile and moves in the air flow as the propeller rotates.  






read more


















  














 















historical reference
 











 the emergence of world aviation was paved the way for the rapid development of science and technology, the work of enthusiastic inventors, scientists, and designers of several generations in different countries. 






read more











history of civil aviation
 











civil aviation developed at an unprecedented pace. it took only six decades for aviation to become one of the most popular modes of passenger transport, eclipsing the railroad.  






read more











amelia earhart is the first female us pilot
 











amelia’s childhood was bright and unforgettable, full of adventures and pranks. despite belonging to the “weaker sex” among the children from the neighborhood streets 






read more




















 







cargo aircraft
 











freight transportation is the process of delivering goods from one place to another. this can be done by land, air, or water. the most common form of cargo transportation is by road. 






read more





























types of military aircraft
 



military aircraft fascinate people of all ages and inspire a sense of awe with their capabilities and functionality. ever since humans began using aircraft for military purposes, it has proven to be a significant part of a country’s defense strategy, as air superiority changes the course of wars. 






learn more











 


























check out some of our qualifications
 







 







 







 







 











 







 







 







 











 







 







 







  











 







 







 







 













































civil aviation is 











private jets are personal aircraft used for recreational flying, often single-engine monoplanes with a non-retractable landing gear. 











wide-body aircraft
 











a wide-body aircraft is a passenger aircraft – a jet airliner – whose fuselage is wide enough to accommodate two passenger aisles, i.e. a double-body aircraft. a wide-body airplane has at least seven seats across.  






read more











regional jet
 











a regional aircraft is commonly referred to as a small airliner with a passenger capacity of 30 to 100 passengers and carrying passengers within one country.  






read more































% 











to leave a comment, go to the contact page! 


















contact















































 small aviation is an alternative to scheduled airlines. small aircrafts are able to serve regional and even rural airports that cannot be used by airlines, provide clients with comfortable and convenient service, and ensure safety and privacy.

 


recent posts


innovations in air traffic management: enhancing efficiency and reducing delays


human factors in aviation safety: enhancing decision-making and reducing workload through automation


a greener horizon: the rise of electric and hydrogen-powered aircraft


sustainable aviation: innovations in green technologies for a cleaner sky


 

blog categories

history of aviation

other aviation

passenger aviation


 

enter the keyword



 




					copyright © 2023 2or-next. all rights reserved				































































