
 















allstate protection plans















    skip to main content



                close   buy protection faqs page log in
    get help service and support    get help service and support     back    partnerships offer allstate protection    partnerships offer allstate protection     back    suppliers grow your business    suppliers grow your business     back    about us see our story    about us see our story     back  about allstate protection plans leadership careers inclusive diversity & equity newsroom 
 register your plan file a claim
    buy protection faqs page log in
         get help service and support    get help service and support     back    partnerships offer allstate protection    partnerships offer allstate protection     back    suppliers grow your business    suppliers grow your business     back    about us see our story    about us see our story     back  about allstate protection plans leadership careers inclusive diversity & equity newsroom 
 register your plan file a claim
  register your plan      file a claim         
 



                                                                                                                                                                                  the protection plans that changed the way people think about protection plans
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
   how can wehelp you?            plan holders   file a claim, register a plan, contact tech support, and more. 
  get help   
        partners   interested in offering allstate protection plans to your customers? 
  our partners   
        suppliers   learn how to grow your business with allstate protection plans. 
  our suppliers   
        buy protection   plans available for phones, electronics, appliances, furniture, and more.
  shop plans   
     
                                                       over the past decade, we've revolutionized the product protection category.   we’ve done it with innovation, new technology, and by following the golden rule: treat others as you want to be treated. 
that’s why over 70% of consumers say they prefer allstate protection plans over our competitors.
and why allstate protection plans are trusted by over 140 million customers and many of the largest retailers and mobile carriers in the world to protect everything from smartphones to appliances, tvs to furniture.
data source: allstate protection plans brand interaction study, february 2021.
                                    
                              award-winning customer service   we get you back up and running quick and easy with no hassles—including same-day phone repairs, one-visit in-home service appointments whenever possible, and easy online claims available 24/7.                                            available at your favorite places to shop   today, you’ll find allstate protection plans at many of north america’s favorite retailers, both in stores and online. we also partner with retailers and mobile carriers in europe, japan, and australia.                                           you're in good hands® with allstate   for over 90 years, allstate has been protecting people and the things they care about most. for our customers, that means peace of mind—knowing that their purchases are covered by a company that is going to be there, no matter what. when it comes to deciding whether or not to buy a protection plan, that makes a real difference.                                                                                                           
                   this was my first experience using allstate protection plans. i was very pleased with the process from start to finish. my computer was repaired in a timely manner and returned to me sooner than i had expected.   linda f., allstate laptop protection plan customer
                    no-hassle protection plan! everyone that i dealt with was professional and kind. that is real service. thank you.   george h., allstate appliance protection plan customer
    
    check out our blog   visit blog                       company  sofa stains top the list of furniture fails in our latest damage survey
  according to the survey, 67% of american households have accidentally damaged or stained a piece of furniture. 
   
              breakability  allstate protection plans finds samsung's smartest smartphones are still vulnerable to human error
  we put samsung's s24 phones to the test. 
   
              major appliances  5 home appliance energy-saving tips & tricks
  save money on your energy bill and help save the planet with these tips and tricks. 
   
              





    back to top         contact us blog
 legal notices privacy notice at collection accessibility terms & conditions
 © 2025 squaretrade, inc. all rights reserved  legal notices privacy notice at collection accessibility terms & conditions
  




