






jennifer young fine art





















































jennifer young fine art



home



original paintings
oils- paintings of the american south
oils- paintings of maine
plein air paintings
oils- european landscape paintings
still life paintings
pastels
gouache
little gems


prints


commissions


where to find



about
about the artist
calendar of events
copyright and usage policies



purchasing
purchasing faq's
collector testimonials


blog



connect
contact us
find us on social media
subscribe to our newsletter



sign in
my account
















home/
original paintings/oils- paintings of the american southoils- paintings of maineplein air paintingsoils- european landscape paintingsstill life paintingspastelsgouachelittle gems
prints/
commissions/
where to find/
about/about the artistcalendar of eventscopyright and usage policies
purchasing/purchasing faq'scollector testimonials
blog/
connect/contact usfind us on social mediasubscribe to our newsletter
sign inmy account

































vibrant plein air and studio landscape paintings




jennifer young fine art: vibrant plein air landscape and still life paintings
jennifer young's  fine art gallery of plein air and studio landscape paintings. vibrant italian landscapes, paintings of france, paintings of the american south, and still life. 











home/
original paintings/oils- paintings of the american southoils- paintings of maineplein air paintingsoils- european landscape paintingsstill life paintingspastelsgouachelittle gems
prints/
commissions/
where to find/
about/about the artistcalendar of eventscopyright and usage policies
purchasing/purchasing faq'scollector testimonials
blog/
connect/contact usfind us on social mediasubscribe to our newsletter
sign inmy account



































"painting is the language i use to express my reverence for the beauty of the natural world. the delicacy of a flower, the power of the ocean waves, the brilliance of a sunset; all are awe-inspiring and represent one of our greatest gifts in this life, worthy of celebrating and protecting."  -jennifer youngwelcome to jennifer young’s online gallery of plein air and studio landscape paintings. shop online for european landscape paintings of tuscany, italy, and provence, france, paintings of the american south, plein air paintings, and still life. click on the images below to begin your journey.






featured

























paintings of maine






jennifer young’s vibrant original landscape oil paintings of coastal maine 


























paintings of the american south






jennifer young’s original paintings of the virginia landscape and the carolina beaches. oil paintings of the blue ridge mountains, wetlands of the northern neck and eastern shore, paintings of gardens and coastal artwork of the outer banks.


























paintings of europe






jennifer young’s original landscape oil paintings of france and italy. features scenes from provence, giverny, and monet’s garden in france, as well as works from throughout italy (venice, tuscany, and lake como.)


























plein air paintings






jennifer young’s landscape paintings done entirely on location in the mountains, wetlands, beaches and gardens of virginia, maine, and north carolina.


























still life paintings






traditional still life oil paintings by jennifer young. paintings of flowers, fruit, and other found objects in formal and informal compositions done in an impressionist or realist style.


























gouache and watercolor paintings






small opaque watercolor paintings of france, italy and the american south. paintings of lake como, monet’s garden, blue ridge mountains, and coastal scenes.


























pastel paintings






jennifer young’s original pastel paintings


























little gems






miniature landscape paintings


























giclée prints 






printed reproductions of select paintings on fine art paper.














“jennifer, the painting arrived today! it was beautiful in emails and seeing it in person took it to another level of beauty. i love looking at the detailed brushstrokes and then stepping back to see the entire landscape. the colors are bright and happy. it’s perfect. you are very talented and i am so so glad we found you to capture this special place. thanks so much again, we are very happy with the painting!-a. g., vienna, va”




read more testimonials and see what collectors are saying about jennifer's paintings!







 


 






















images and content ©jennifer e young, all rights reserved.






















 



 



