








holiday inn orlando disney springs® hotel | from $83 per night























skip to main content
skip to footer
go to accessibility page


x
housekeeping alert:  we are proud to offer daily housekeeping. a daily room refresh is provided where we remove your trash, refresh amenities & towels and make your bed with a full clean on your 5th day



holiday inn orlando disney springs area

1805 hotel plaza boulevardlake buena vista, orlando fl
(407) 828-8888




arrival




departure






book now!

















rooms

about

amenities
dining
frequently asked questions



walt disney world® advantage

disney early theme park entry
disney lightning lane
walt disney world® theme parks
disney springs®
walt disney world® tickets
events & holidays
walt disney world® golf
star wars: galaxy's edge



groups



weddings
meeting facilities
catering
promotions
3d model gallery
request information


specials

photos

walt disney world® resort
rooms
hotel
meetings & events
weddings
dining
3d model gallery
360° photos


transportation


























holiday inn orlando disney springs® resort area

enjoy the fantastic location of our hotel by selecting one of our excellent views of the walt disney world® resort. our disney fireworks view, disney springs® view, pool view, and standard view rooms also include a comfortable balcony to enjoy the wonderful florida weather.
browse accommodations










we are proud to share that we are one of the top 25 holiday inns in america and rank in the top 3% of hotels in orlando on tripadvisor.
read our latest reviews





disney theme park
transportation information

 
we offer hourly transportation to all 4 disney world theme parks. find out details and faq's by clicking the learn more button.
learn more




more time in the parks with
early theme park entry

 
stay in the magic at a disney resort hotel and enjoy 30 minutes early entry to any theme park every day! that means you'll have even more time to experience the magic.
learn more




walking distance to 
disney springs®

 
discover an eclectic mix of unique shops, one-of-a-kind restaurants and lively entertainment at disney springs at walt disney world resort.
learn more




purchase
walt disney world® tickets

 
ticket specials and florida resident deals
purchase your walt disney world® theme park tickets and book your park pass reservations ahead of time
learn more






walt disney world® advantage







discover star wars: galaxy's edge
come live your very own star wars™ story in a whole new land where a galaxy far, far away unfolds all around you.
learn more







disney springs
eclectic mix of boutiques and eateries
less than two blocks away from the hotel, disney springs® brings new shops, dining, and entertainment to the walt disney world® resort!
learn more







golf
championship golf courses
guests staying at the holiday inn orlando - disney springs® resort area have access to advance tee times (90 days) on all 4 walt disney world® golf courses.
learn more












8 minute walk to disney springs®
guests staying at holiday inn orlando ‐ disney springs® resort area receive exceptional benefits for staying at a disney springs® resort area hotel.
explore hotel amenities



parking
free wi-fi
outdoor pool
non-smoking rooms
fitness center
restaurant








disney passholder package
a special rate for walt disney world® annual passholders.learn more









florida resident rate
a special rate for florida residents.learn more









military appreciation leisure rate
special offer for militarylearn more









teachers & school support staff getaway
‘teacher appreciation rate’. available to preschool, daycare, kindergarten – college teachers and support staff.
 learn more









heroes rate
unprecedented times have called for a new level of action on the front lines of public health. we know your days are full of difficult decisions — choosing a hotel room should not be one of them. this time, let us care for you.learn more









aaa rate
special offer for aaa members.learn more











our neighborhood







sign up for our newsletter & events:






holiday inn orlando ‐ disney springs® resort area
1805 hotel plaza boulevard • lake buena vista orlando fl 32830
            phone: (407) 828-8888
website design copyright © 2025, l.e.t. group
contact us • privacy statement • web accessibility • hotel accessibility • site map








ihg rewards club

























