























entomology and nematology









      skip to main content
    






menu


entomology and nematology






























open search




search











    quick links+



uc davis







main navigation (extended config)



          about





entomology history


nematology history


department solidarity statement





          people





faculty


emeriti


affiliated faculty


administrative staff


departmental staff


graduate students





          academics






          graduate





about


how to apply (graduate program) 


information for prospective students


graduate student handbook (pdf)


department solidarity statement


ucd graduate studies website


ucd graduate studies financial support


ucd diversity resources


resources





          undergraduate





major requirements


minor requirements


learning outcomes


advising information


resources



          new students





freshmen students


transfer students





          blog





alum spotlight


student of the month







          seminars





current seminars


previous seminars




advising information





news




programs




job openings




          advising & resources






          safety





entomology/nematology coronavirus safety information




reservations system


signout system


prepurchasing system


it support


phoenix cluster (admin unit)


temporary remote work equipment checkout
























 
postdoctoral scholar nick buck and ms student isabel lee-park of the zalom lab are conducting research in the raspberry fields of uc davis alumnus chris matthews.





phd student veronica casey takes a subculture of a bacterial plant pathogen to co-inoculate with root-knot nematodes in siddique lab.





phd student nick latina prunes a tomato plant infected with root-knot nematodes to maintain the nematode culture in the roots while working with siddique lab.





phd candidate alison blundell uses a syringe for agroinfiltration into tomato leaves while working in siddique lab.





field assistant kate ruiz-cox of the yang lab captured this photograph of a monarch butterfly, danaus plexippus, on heart-leaf milkweed, asclepias cordifolia. 





dr louie yang captured this view of lake berryessa from the uc nrs quail ridge reserve while conducting field research in the area.







welcome

on behalf of our faculty, students and staff, i welcome you to the uc davis department of entomology and nematology. our scientists investigate a very broad range of fundamental questions involving insects, nematodes, and spiders -- and the plants, microbes, and various animals they interact with. our department also disseminates practical knowledge resulting from these investigations, such as methods of integrated pest management, with the goal of improving agriculture and the environment for california and beyond. as you explore our website you will be introduced to this exciting and comprehensive research -- and the teaching and outreach programs of our department. --joanna chiu, ph.d, entomology and nematology chair















department diversity statement
the department of entomology and nematology is committed to a community where people of all identities, cultures, backgrounds and abilities can thrive... (read more)




 



bohart museum of entomology
understanding, documenting, and communicating terrestrial arthropod diversity






 



harry h. laidlaw jr. honey bee research facility
we provide leading cutting‐edge research focusing on basic bee biology and genetics












make a gift to entomology/nematology









entomology and nematology student support







 




do you have an insect question? ask it here! or call (530) 752-0493







 




do you have a bee question? ask it here! or call (530) 500-2747






            upcoming events
    






            recent news articles
    




 




legendary medical entomologist bruce eldridge dies at 91


february 13, 2025






 




"how do animals think? some insights from bumble bees'


february 07, 2025






 




walter leal: from 'rough childhood' to internationally recognized scientist


february 07, 2025






 




mitzy porras: 'manipulation of plant and insect phenotypes'


february 05, 2025






 




pbesa honors four uc davis-affiliated scientists


february 05, 2025







  subscribe to recent articles

















department of entomology and nematology 367 briggs hall
one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616  ph. 530-752-0492










university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 7, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.











