








tampa bay fossil club







home
about
field trips
fossil info
join





tbfc events calendar

tbfc meeting location and info



connect on facebook


watch on youtube


follow us on instagram
#tampabayfossilclub


fossilfest flyer download
 about fossilfest 


peace river adventure flyer download










 mark your calendar for fossilfest 2025 march 15 - 16



tbfc season 2024-2025 updates: next club meeting is feb. 1, 2025 @ 7pm edt
                  in the usf behavioral science room #103 (in-person)

                  

  next peace river monthly trip: feb. 8, 2025 (paid, active members only and water levels permitting)
                  - zolfo springs guage

  next cemex center hill trip: feb. 12, 2025 (paid, active members only. limit 20 people) - check facebook for details
                    next brooksville trip: jan. 29, 2025 then feb. 26, 2025 (paid, active members only. limit 20 people)
                    next bone valley fossil farm trip: jan. 25, 2025 then feb. 22, 2025 (paid, active members only. limit 20 people)
                  check the
                  field trips page or
                  the calendar for details!
                  






be sure to renew your fossil
              permits! never dig into the river banks! collection of artifacts is illegal on florida state owned land!



president's message

2024-2025 season

and just like that, 2024 is done.


          many of us had a rough last few months with storms and flooding,
but that is behind us as january is here (good luck to those that are
still digging out from the flooding and wind damage). as i write this
it seems we will get a day of rain with a cold front, but i certainly
expect that river levels will begin to cooperate, and river fossil
hunting season can begin in earnest. visibility in the rivers should
continue to clear up and water levels ought to remain manageable
until the warm summer brings back daily rains. i’ve seen many of
you are already starting to “clean up” in the rivers. many of you
scuba divers are already posting pictures of great fossil finds
online. take advantage of the season. you can’t find fossils sitting
on your couch or watching football. plan a river trip now!

january brings the start of a very busy time of the year for tbfc. in
addition to our regular monthly meetings and field trips, fossilfest
and the peace river adventure are right around the corner. we
can run the adventure blindfolded with one arm tied behind our
backs, but fossilfest, that’s another animal.
will there be a peace river adventure in 2025?
folks keep asking,
but i just don’t know. i haven’t even had the chance yet to talk
with the folks down south to see if the venues were damaged during the
hurricanes. i will post here soon if you need to “save the date”.

          


          read the chronicles each
          month (members only), check
          the calendar here on the tbfc website, and follow us on facebook. also,
          please be very cautious while venturing out into the rivers and
          creeks. there’s nothing in those rivers worth dying for.

fossilfest 2025: fossilfest 2025 runs march 15 - 16
          (set up on march 14). the show is big, one of the biggest amateur
          run shows in the country. it takes a lot of volunteers to operate fossilfest! 
 
 what is fossilfest? find more information here!

          we have a busy few months ahead of us. i look forward to
          accomplishing all these events with your help.
        


              happy new year & good hunting, 
 mike searle 

missed a meeting or just want to watch
              it again? you can view our past meeting recordings or live streams in the playlist below (also found in the about section):
            







announcements

next meeting presentation

            feb. 1, 2025 
            fossil hunter's tv show  
   with donald brunning

            7pm in-person club meeting at the usf
              behavioral science room #103



            due to unforeseen circumstance dr. richard hulbert had to cancel as tbfc’s speaker for the february meeting.
            we are thankful that donald brunning from the television show fossil hunters has graciously arranged to step in for the february 1 meeting.
fossil hunters follows the adventures of seven amateur paleontologists and friends as they search for prehistoric clues to our past.
donald brunning made significant prehistoric discoveries in the 90s on the wekiva river. donald and his friend collect the remains of several animals including the remains of mastodon. his interest in fossil collecting led him to create the documentary style television show fossil hunters which airs on several pbs channels in florida.
donald and some of his cast will be on hand to talk about his life of fossil collecting, showing off some scenes from fossil hunters, and is anxious to see and possibly film some of the finds that members from tbfc have made.
don’t miss the february meeting!
        

tampa bay fossil chronicles

        hopefully you’ve noticed that tbfc has stepped up its game with
        the newsletter each month. in addition to all of our regular
        contributors, we’ve added two new recurring articles this season. “in
        touch with inverts” by rob carlson was added in september. recently added, “paleo analysis” by steve vicari.
        each month steve will be discussing interesting prehistoric fauna and how they
        relate to extant species. please check out all of the articles in each
        issue. only tbfc members receive the chronicles, we don’t post it online or on facebook.
        

be sure to renew your fossil
            permits! never dig into the river banks! collection of artifacts is illegal on florida state owned land!















tbfc events calendar

tbfc meeting location and info



fossilfest flyer download


peace river adventure flyer download










all content herein is owned by the tampa bay fossil club or it's
        members. this entire site is copyright 2002-2024 tampa bay fossil club
        -- all rights reserved.



