




dr. ida rolf institute











































 












×

member login










forgot password?















clinicsfind a rolferrolfing courses catalogstoreapply

log in

























toggle navigation








programsnew to bodyworkrolfing programs overview - dr. ida rolf instituterolf movement certificationrolfing si certificationart of rolfingcertified bodyworkersrolfing® programs for certified bodyworkersrolfing si certification- transfer studentsrolf movement certificationadvanced training for non-rolferscontinuing educationinternational studentsstudent visas and language policyinternational schoolswhy diri?benefits of a rolfing careerconversations with rolfersida teacheswhy i became a rolferdr. ida rolf institute webinar recordingscost & financial aidtotal program costsfinancial aidveteransrequest housing infonet price calculatorcares act compliance reportstudentscanvasregister for classesstudent policy handbookstudent faqstudent faqsconsumer informationhealth protocolscost & financial aidtuition informationrequest housing infotextbooksfinancial aidveteransnet price calculatorcares act compliance reportresearchoverviewintroductionlatest researchreferencesfascia research congresscontactmembersregister for classesmember serviceslog in to members areahow to update your find a rolferrequest transcripts and certificatesstudent referral incentive programrolfer-to-rolfer directorysubmit a ce workshopmember trainingcontinuing educationadvanced trainingrolf movementcancellation & refund policypractice buildingplacement and career servicesbuilding your practiceimages for member usestate licensinghow to use the service markssfi journaldownload journalsfi websitementorshipbecome a mentorhow to update your mentorship profilefind a mentorrequest credit for mentorshipresearchoverviewintroductionlatest researchreferencesfascia research congresscontactvisitorsclinicsabout rolfingwhat is rolfing?history of rolfingrolfing structural integrationrolf movement integrationrolfing faqabout diriabout the institutewhy i became a rolferfeatured rolferfeatured authorfind a rolferclient storiesresearchoverviewintroductionlatest researchreferencesfascia research congresscontactgive todayfacultyfaculty biosdiri committeesteacher resourcesemployee manualprofessional development library (canvas)compliancesubmit a classsubmit a ce classadvanced training submission formadvanced training waiver form for required cecanvaslogin to canvascanvas manualvideo trainingexchange programboard of directorsmeetingsagendasminutespoliciesbylawsfinancialsbod contact/biosannual reportscontactboard of directorsinternational schoolsstafffacultysubmit a requestcopyright & images requestsjoin our housing listsubmit a job or business opportunityfile an ethics complaintjoin our email list

find a rolfer


register


store


log-in
 





  just as rolfing® can transform a client's life, so too does it profoundly change our students. indeed, it is the fire in their belly that motivates them every day onward — to continue practicing, questioning, studying — to make themselves, and their world, a better place.  









    the career that
moves with you.


would you like to make a difference and help people enjoy happier, healthier lives?


study at the dr. ida rolf institute® to become a certified rolfer™. enjoy a rewarding career with opportunities for continuous learning and development! 


rolfing® structural integration certification


    start date: 3/10/2025 
    boulder, colorado


apply now to become a certified rolfer™
learn more



study at the dr. ida rolf institute.







    structure, 
    function, 
    integration.


    your definitive source for articles, research and best practices in the field of structural integration, movement and somatic healing. 



visit sfi journal website











    in 1950, ida rolf's fascia work revolutionized thinking about the body.


    now it's your turn.


apply now to become a certified rolfer™
discover our rolfing® programs











move your career 
    beyond limits.


    rolfing® structural integration certification


    start date: 3/10/2025 
    boulder, colorado


apply now to become a certified rolfer™
learn more






‹
›
 download free sfi journal welcome to the dr. ida rolf institute®we are the dr. ida rolf institute® (diri), a nonprofit educational institute established in 1971, dedicated to advancing the legacy of dr. ida p. rolf, a biochemist who revolutionized bodywork.dr. ida rolf dedicated her life to studying human anatomy, the body's relation to gravity, and its capacity for healing within itself. her groundbreaking work led to her development of structural integration, a transformative approach to improving the body's alignment and function. she discovered that by focusing on realigning the body with gravity, using movement and the manipulation of connective tissue (fascia), it was possible to restore functionality and balance. dr. rolf's innovative methods have succeeded where many others have failed, proving effective in addressing postural issues, relieving chronic pain, enhancing mobility, and facilitating recovery from trauma.who are rolfers™?rolfers™ are highly trained practitioners of rolfing® structural integration. rolfers around the world use the techniques taught by dr. ida rolf to help their clients achieve lasting structural and functional improvements through hands-on rolfing and movement education.the dr. ida rolf institute(diri) serves as the training center for rolfers. it is the original school of structural integration and the only school that can certify rolfers and  rolf movement® practitioners. diri ensures that all certified rolfers and certified rolf movement practitioners™ undergo a comprehensive education and maintain the highest standards of rolfing practice. many individuals who have experienced the profound benefits of rolfing treatment have been inspired to pursue training at the dr. ida rolf institute, becoming certified rolfers themselves.join the dr. ida rolf institute® - become a rolfer™becoming a rolfer™ offers a fulfilling and rewarding career dedicated to helping others transform their lives through improved alignment, mobility, well-being, and an improved understanding of how their body functions. as a rolfer, you will join a global community of practitioners committed to maintaining the highest standards of rolfing® structural integration, supported by the dr. ida rolf institute® (diri).rolfing® for beginner and experienced bodyworkersdiri's core training program, the rolfing® structural integration certification, is designed to accommodate students from diverse professional backgrounds. for those new to bodywork, the program includes an extended phase i, covering essential foundational knowledge and skills necessary to progress through the course. certified bodyworkers can take advantage of a fast-track phase i, which acknowledges prior experience and allows entry into rolfing si training at an advanced level.a rewarding career with continuing educationthe dr. ida rolf institute provides continuing education programs to deepen your expertise and advance your skills as a certified rolfer™. one of these programs is rolf movement® certification, which you can begin during the rolfing si training. this course focuses on improving body organization during movement and is a distinct, complementary program to both rolfing si and advanced rolfing courses. if you're passionate about helping others and are seeking a meaningful and impactful profession, consider studying at the dr. ida rolf institute. embark on a career that allows you to make a real difference!explore our rolfing® programsbenefit from rolfing® siare you searching for a therapy that can address long-term postural issues, alleviate pain from trauma, repetitive strain injuries, or chronic back pain? perhaps you’re an athlete looking to enhance your performance and gain a competitive edge. rolfing® structural integration (si) has consistently delivered transformative results for people just like you! the rolfing si® approach not only alleviates pain and discomfort but also promotes improved posture, increased mobility, and better overall balance. by addressing the root causes of structural imbalances and realigning your body with gravity, rolfing® can help you achieve lasting changes that empower you to move and feel your best.find a rolfer™ near youlearn more about rolfing® siexplore the dr. ida rolf institute® media library learn more about rolfing®, the history of rolfing®, and what to expect from rolfing® training.     2:02  becoming a rolfer the institute       9:57student journeysbecoming a rolfer      1:54inspired teachingconversations with faculty     2:51dr. ida rolfa pioneer in fascia research     9:00balancing the bodywhat is rolfing?     6:32rolfing trainingwhat to expect  23:17become a rolferstudent and faculty reflections    



×
please fill out form to receive your free copy of the structure, function, integration journal



 
contact name:  
phone:  
email:  


by submitting your data you give us your consent to process it in accordance with our privacy policy.







   rolfing® program start dates   10 mar 2025p1.25 (3/10/2025 - 10/15/2025)04 aug 2025p2.25 (8/4/2025 to 3/11/2026)11 sep 2025p3.25-ga (09/11/2025 to 06/16/2027)16 mar 2026p1.26 (3/16/2026 to 10/21/2026)10 aug 2026p2.26 (8/10/2026 to 3/10/2027)view calendar     i really wanted to do something else. physical therapy wasn't creative. massage wasn't deep enough.rolfing® offered more.massage therapist turned rolfer™it's not how deep you go, it's how you go deep.dr. ida p. rolffounderwhen a client gets off your table, laughing about how good and mind-bogglingly different they feel, you feel so grateful to be a rolfer™.jazmine fox-stern10+ year rolfing® professionalin 1950, ida rolf's fascia work revolutionized thinking about the body.now, it's your turn.libby easonboard chair, diri faculty support the legacy of structural integrationthe dr. ida rolf institute® (diri) is a non-profit organization committed to advancing the field of rolfing® structural integration through education, research, and outreach. your generous contributions to diri support cutting-edge research, ongoing rolfing training, the structural integration journal, and the publication of additional resources that enhance education and preserve the legacy of dr. ida rolf.together, we can ensure the growth of rolfing and the ongoing excellence of diri, benefiting practitioners and clients worldwide.donate now

 





experience is indeed the best teacher.


contact us
we would love to hear from you!

					
						dr. ida rolf institute®
						5055 chaparral court, suite 103
						boulder, co 80301
					

phone: (303) 449-5903
fax: 303-449-5978







quick reference

courses
make a donation
housing submission
disclaimer
privacy policy
sitemap



request your course catalog
whether you are at the start of your journey, or an experienced si practitioner, we have long and short courses that will take you deeper.
request a catalog




© dr. ida rolf institute 2025










chat with us, powered by livechat



 home








