




fort smith animal society – fort smith, nwt, canada












































skip to contentskip to content






























open menuopen menu



home
about
adoption
volunteer
donate
bylaws
faq
 close menuclose menu










search for:



 













home
 





welcome to the home of the 
fort smith animal society
located in fort smith, northwest territories, canada (not arkansas)


  







about the fort smith animal society
the fort smith animal society is a group of volunteers dedicated to caring for lost, stray, surrendered, and abandoned animals in fort smith, northwest territories, canada. the fsas is under the administration of the town of fort smith. we are a non-profit dependent upon our volunteers and financial donations. 








veterinary services
mackenzie veterinary services comes to fort smith on a regular basis. contact them directly for an appointment. they are based out of high level, alberta.
 (780)926-5790
  contact on facebook 





boarding services
for boarding services, contact northern hound supply directly. they are located at 26 york st in fort smith. they also sell pet supplies and provide grooming.
 (867)872-1007
  contact on facebook 









pet adoption
to learn more about adopting a dog or cat, please review the adoption page of our website. 
 learn more about adoption
we list the available pets on the our petfinder page: https://fsas.petfinder.com
some of the available pets are listed below. 





volunteer
we are a volunteer run non-profit society. if you are willing and able to be one of our volunteers, please contact us.
 learn more about volunteering
our volunteers put in time to take care of the animals in our care, clean the shelter, administer our society, and more. 






























 
  















contact us  mailing address
box 722, fort smith, nt  x0e 0p0
 email
fortsmithanimalsociety@gmail.com
 phone
(867)872-5543
 facebook
https://www.facebook.com/groups/4236439598

 


find us we are located on highway 5 between raven st and king st in fort smith, northwest territories, canada. we do not keep regular hours, so you must contact us if you are interested in coming to the shelter.


 


find us we are located on highway nt-5 between raven st and king st in fort smith, nwt canada


 



search


search for:



 







pet store wordpress theme © fort smith animal society






back to topback to top
















