













front page - florida interactive entertainment academy













































skip to main content






























navigation


admissionscurriculumwhy fiea?industryfacultynews 





tomorrow’s
developers
built at fiea today

#1 ranked, 4 of the past 5 years!
what electronic arts is saying


 


 





skip to section















about fiea


florida interactive entertainment academy (fiea, pronounced f-eye-uh) is ucf’s globally ranked master of science in interactive entertainment.
our 16-month program is offered full time over four semesters. classes are held at our state-of-the-art facility at ucf downtown in creative village, in the heart of downtown orlando.
 read more

since our creation in 2005, fiea faculty have been preparing students for careers in the game industry (in expertise areas that include art, tech art, programming, production, design, etc.) and our students have the opportunity to  collaborate with classmates to learn the different functions of the game industry.
fiea is a place where productivity and ingenuity are applauded in equal measure. being a part of fiea means you’re motivated to make tomorrow’s great game or tell a story never told before.
explore the following pages to learn more and see for yourself why our program has been the world’s top-ranked graduate game design programs. welcome to fiea!






#1
ranked graduate game development program from 2020-2022 and 2024 by princeton review


3300
sq. ft mocap studio


$ 81,000
avg. starting salary of fiea grad hires


250+
number of companies that have hired our grads


















watch a virtual tour of fiea









which specialization are you interested in?






 production/design
level design
level design is where art, gameplay, and design all come together. as a level designer, students will build levels around mechanics and script their own encounters. in the later phases, students will set dress, polish, and optimize their levels to truly make them come to life. students create levels ranging from first person shooters to diablo-inspired maps.
 






 production/design
tech design
technical designers combine two pivotal skills: programming and game design.  in the early atari days the industry was dominated by solo developers responsible for all of the programming, design, and even artwork within their games.  tech designers recapture that era of flexible talent by not only devising concepts, but also constructing them.
 






 production/design
project management
project management is the art of organization and efficiency. project management students learn the fundamental skills that allow them to use data and process in order to increase the team’s output without requiring them to work more hours. through understanding leadership techniques, project managers elevate their teammates, making each member of the team better at their own job.
 






 art
modeling
3d modeling in its simplest terms is digital sculpting in the computer. all of the tools that students will use are derived from the real world and follow principals that have worked for sculpture for thousands of years. pushing, pulling and smoothing a surface produces three dimensional forms that range from simple to highly complex.
 






 art
tech art
artists who create art “technically” and do whatever it takes to deliver the art. by harnessing the powers of the computer, technical artists leverage their skills and the skills of others to produce art beyond what they could have produced otherwise, such as through procedural generation and pipeline efficiency.
 






 art
animation
animators in film or games need a thorough understanding of the principles of animation to be successful.  the fiea animation track offers an intensive study of the 12 principles of animation developed by the walt disney studios in the 1930’s, and how they apply to modern film and game animation.  students will learn all the most up-to-date standards/ techniques on animation in games and learn by doing.
 






 programming
programming
in fiea’s video game programming curriculum you learn programming by writing lots of code. develop strong c++ skills and learn how to debug, code in optimal game design patterns, and create cross-platform code that works on any game system.
 



 

which specialization are you interested in?
 


level design production/design
level design is where art, gameplay, and design all come together. as a level designer, students will build levels around mechanics and script their own encounters. in the later phases, students will set dress, polish, and optimize their levels to truly make them come to life. students create levels ranging from first person shooters to diablo-inspired maps.



 

 


tech design production/design
technical designers combine two pivotal skills: programming and game design.  in the early atari days the industry was dominated by solo developers responsible for all of the programming, design, and even artwork within their games.  tech designers recapture that era of flexible talent by not only devising concepts, but also constructing them.



 

 


project management  production/design
project management is the art of organization and efficiency. project management students learn the fundamental skills that allow them to use data and process in order to increase the team’s output without requiring them to work more hours. through understanding leadership techniques, project managers elevate their teammates, making each member of the team better at their own job.



 

 


modeling art
3d modeling in its simplest terms is digital sculpting in the computer. all of the tools that students will use are derived from the real world and follow principals that have worked for sculpture for thousands of years. pushing, pulling and smoothing a surface produces three dimensional forms that range from simple to highly complex.



 

 


tech art art
artists who create art “technically” and do whatever it takes to deliver the art. by harnessing the powers of the computer, technical artists leverage their skills and the skills of others to produce art beyond what they could have produced otherwise, such as through procedural generation and pipeline efficiency.



 

 


animation art
animators in film or games need a thorough understanding of the principles of animation to be successful.  the fiea animation track offers an intensive study of the 12 principles of animation developed by the walt disney studios in the 1930’s, and how they apply to modern film and game animation.  students will learn all the most up-to-date standards/ techniques on animation in games and learn by doing.



 

 


programming programming
in fiea’s video game programming curriculum you learn programming by writing lots of code. develop strong c++ skills and learn how to debug, code in optimal game design patterns, and create cross-platform code that works on any game system.



 





capstone



publish your own game with a team of 15-20 other students
here at fiea, our capstone is the creation of a full game over multiple semesters, where you will go through the entire development cycle: preproduction, production, alpha, beta. many students decide to publish their capstone games through various avenues, such as steam or xbox, earning their first published title.
explore further


 learn more about the capstone process
















industry partnerships
alumni jobs
job resources











“fiea is a major source of talent for our ea sports development studio in orlando, resulting in 1 out of every 2 new graduates hired over the past 2 years”
daryl holt, electronic arts (ea) vice president













studio 500
launched in 2008, studio 500 is the stage production facility of ucf downtown. it boasts a 3,300 square foot motion capture stage, one of the largest on the east coast, and a 3,500 square foot soundstage.
this world-class facility provides motion capture and video data for fiea capstone games, student films, ucf research projects, and select commercial clients.
 read more











in the news


check out ucf news 







news




 


students & alumni



								game changer files: jarrett wendt ’19 ’20ms, senior software developer at amd							

								jarrett wendt ’19 ’20ms, senior software developer at amd and fiea alumnus of cohort 16. photography: ryan fox we’re asking fiea alumni five questions about…							








 


events



								third time entertainment, inc. and florida poly students take home first places at the fiea game jam							

								champs from third time entertainment, inc., florida polytechnic university, university of florida, ea orlando, iron galaxy, fiea alumni, and others won top prizes after a…							








 


events



								fiea announces 14th annual chili cook-off on february 7							

								do you have the best chili in ucf downtown? submit a crockpot of at least 6 to 8 quarts of your very best chili to…							








 


events



								graduating cohort 20 students to showcase venture projects on monday							

								just weeks away from graduating with their master of science in interactive entertainment, students and teams in the cohort 20 digital venture practicum will showcase…							







				view more news			







ucf threepeats as world’s best graduate game design program

the princeton review and pc gamer magazine have ranked ucf’s undergraduate and graduate programs among the best in the nation for the third straight year.

read more
 














florida interactive entertainment academy




				facebook					
			



				linkedin					
			



				twitter					
			



				youtube					
			



				instagram					
			





				fiea news					
			



				contact us					
			



				privacy policy					
			



				policies					
			



				public records					
			



				regulations					
			




					500 west livingston street, orlando, fl 32801-1416 | parking info | 407.235.3580

					© university of central florida

 


 
university of central florida

					4000 central florida blvd. orlando, florida, 32816 | 407.823.2000

					© university of central florida












