



beartracker's animal tracks den









   





beartracker’s
animal tracks den

 
 

the original online field guide to tracks and
          tracking - since 1997.
 celebrating our 27th anniversary!
 
last updated: february 21, 2024


my name is beartracker (aka kim a. cabrera). i invite
          you to explore the world of tracking with me. i am interested in both
          animal and sar (search and rescue) tracking. when you explore this
          site, you will find information on animals and their tracks. i have
          also included links to my favorite tracking sites. as you follow the
          links below, you will find pictures of animal tracks and drawings. in
          addition to animal tracks, you will find pictures of the animals
          themselves and natural history information for each species. if you
          know how to identify animal tracks, you can tell who has visited the
          location. if you know about the habits of the animal, you will
          understand why it visited that place.
you cannot find tracks unless you go out and look for
          them. therefore, i have included a few tips on where to find them and
          even some links to my favorite tracking and hiking areas. 
this site is intended to be a source of information
          about north american animals and their tracks. i do not claim to be an
          expert tracker, just someone who loves tracking. my certification
          information is below, if you are curious. the joy of tracking is in
          solving the mysteries out there. every time you go tracking, you will
          find new stories written on the ground, just waiting for you to unlock
          their secrets. i learn more and more each time i go out for a walk. i
          invite you to explore this fascinating world with me. to get started,
          pick the type of animal you are interested in from the list below. i
          hope you have as much fun exploring this site as i'm having creating
          it.





 

beartracker on social media



many of you are finding tracks and coming to
                  this site to try to identify them. as well as this site, there
                  are some resources to help you on social media. here are the
                  places i recommend.
 
 
animal tracks, and tracking in general, are fascinating. to
                  meet other trackers, or just learn from others, you can find
                  my group on facebook. the group is called animals
                    don't cover their tracks and the link is: https://www.facebook.com/groups/271764596196849
 find a
                    track and want to tell everyone about it? want to find out
                    what others have learned about tracking? whether you track
                    animals or humans, you can post a message to the this group.
                    open to all trackers, anywhere, for the discussion of
                    anything related to tracking. animal tracks, human tracks,
                    or even bicycle tracks. it's a forum for all trackers. it is
                    intended to be a place where anyone can post a track they
                    have found and have some help identifying it. i recommend
                    including some sort of known object in your track photo to
                    give a sense of scale. if you would like them, there are
                    free printable rulers i made (pdf format) in a link lower
                    down on this page. 

 
also, i create many animal tracking and wildlife videos on
                  my youtube channel. the videos are about animal tracks and
                  sign, or just awesome captures from my trail cameras. i've got
                  a whole library of videos you can browse on my channel. the
                  link is: youtube.com/user/beartracker777

 
you can also find me at beartracker nature films
                  on facebook. here is the link: https://www.facebook.com/beartrackernature/

 
if you are interested in learning about how to become
                  certified as a wildlife tracker, check out the cybertracker
                  page. i highly recommend the cybertracker evaluation system.
                  it's a great way to learn tracking in-depth and to interact
                  with other trackers. i am certified by cybertracker as a track
                  and sign specialist, and trailing 2, and tracker 2. find out
                  more about what those certifications mean on that site. 
                  here is the link:  http://trackercertification.com/

you can also post your track finds on the north american
                  animal tracking database on inaturalist. i am a curator on
                  that project and many trackers there can help you identify
                  your finds. to join this page, you need to be a member of
                  inaturalist, which is free and just requires a sign-up. please include an
                    object of known size in your track photos so that there is a
                    scale to judge the track size from. you can print
                    my free tracking rulers below. 
 the link is: https://www.inaturalist.org/projects/north-american-animal-tracking-database

my track drawings are now available on t-shirts in my amazon
                  store. here are the
                    links to my designs. since there are frauds and thieves
                  out there who have stolen my designs, i recommend purchasing
                  only through the links i provide on this site. otherwise, you
                  will get a ripoff of my work and it won't be accurate. 

new track rulers i made with accurate track drawings.
                  available exclusively from me. see image below for how to
                  order. 


 
 




 





about beartracker









track and sign specialist -
                              cybertracker


 tracker 2 - universal tracking
                              services


charter member - international
                                  society of professional trackers

see




















                                    my certifications here













 
animals and their tracks

animals don’t cover their tracks.


   



mammals

birds

amphibians


reptiles

insects

humans



 


 



  
 visit beartracker's nature store
                        at: www.dirt-time.com  




























                        happy tracking!!  
 

 what can you find in the
                          nature store? beartracker's t-shirts, sweatshirts,
                          journals, book bags, toddler and infant apparel, mouse
                          pads, posters, postcards, coffee mugs, travel mugs,
                          clocks, frisbees, bumper stickers, hats, stickers, and
                          many more items. all with tracks or paw prints, or
                          nature scenes. custom products are available. if you
                          don't see the track you want on the product you want,
                          email me
                          and i can probably create it. proceeds from all sales
                          go to pay the monthly fees for this web site. you can
                          help support this site as well as get great tracking
                          products! thank you!




 

 spring is here and the
            frogs are singing again! check out the latest treefrog serenade on
            my treefrog page. recorded march 2000
            on humboldt county's eel river.

anything that moves over the
                  ground leaves signs of its passage. you can find these tracks
                  and signs if you know what to look for. these pages will teach
                  you to recognize the tracks and signs left by some common
                  animals.







species list

guidelines for use of
                            material






new ... download my free




























                animal tracks guide. this is an adobe pdf file a little over
              2mb. the download will be slow over a dial-up connection. (this
              guide prints on two pages.) you need the free acrobat reader to
              open this file. 
or, download the brand
              new track guide. three pages of tracks with all new drawings and a
              few extra spaces to draw your own. this one is a 463kb pdf file. 
new




























                2004 animal tracks guide. 
 


   








new!
                        beartracker's animal tracks den now has an online

























                          store! browse for merchandise related to tracking.
                        i provide the information on this web site for free. the
                        site has grown so much that it can no longer be hosted
                        on a free service, so i have to pay a monthly fee.
                        proceeds from any sales go to help maintain this site
                        and pay the monthly fees. thank you for checking out the
                        store!


we also
                        offer exclusive tracking products from pacific laser
                        design. see the new
                          store page here. 
                        we can do custom laser-etched items. email me at the
                        address below with your requests.




 


general tracking information

 
• where to find tracks.

 

• tips for seeing tracks and following
                    them.

• how
                    to make and use a tracking stick.  (you may also download
                    this file as a pdf.)
 


• tracking activities for teachers
                    and naturalists.


 
• plaster
                    track casting procedure  (you may also download
                    this file as a pdf.)
 


• canine vs. feline tracks (is
                    it a cat or a dog?) (how to tell cougar from dog tracks)
• learn to be a tracker! the
                    paws principle 
 •  animal
                      feet photos

•
                              tracking
                                rulers - free printable scales to include in
                                your track photos ( two styles)

• 
tracking and wildlife
                    videos (many of these are
                      adobe flash format, so may not play on all devices. if you
                      have trouble viewing them, see the videos on my youtube
                      channel. youtube.com/user/beartracker777)

• 
tracking articles
                  (beartracker in the media)   
• tracking criminals (a true
                    story of one of my tracking experiences)  
• natural
                      hazards in the outdoors  
• 
                      trail camera photos of animals  


 
• tracking
                    reference sources (or visit my new amazon
                    bookstore. any
                  percentages i earn from bookstore purchases help me pay the
                  monthly fees for this web site. your help is appreciated.
                  thank you.)
• tracking
                    bookstore featuring animal tracking books for adults and
                    children
 


• what is sar tracking?


• real animal track impressions from
                    sooted bait stations 


• quick reference animal track guide



• list of my recent animal track
                    finds


• tracking adventure stories 


• glossary of tracking terms 


 
• animal
                    scat section 
this new section has photos of animal scat, or
              droppings. this is an important part of tracking and identifying
              species. however, if you are bothered by such things, you may not
              want to visit this section. i have put this information all in its
              own section for this reason. the intent of providing this
              information is not to offend anyone. this is simply information
              that i found a lack of on the 'net. 


join the tracking and signcutting club and talk to
                other trackers. it’s free. includes trackers message board and
                our own private chat room. 
or, join the new animal tracking club. it’s also free.
                includes same as above. 
or visit the trackers
                  and signcutters trail on dejanews. it’s free. this also
                includes a trackers message board. 

    




test your knowledge! 



• new
                                    fun tracks and tracking quiz
• animal
                                    tracks quiz


• sar
                                    tracking quiz
• animals quiz



 



check out my coloring book for kids! available at amazon.
                      if your kids want to learn animal tracks, what better way
                      than to color them? click on the book cover to go to
                      amazon and buy one. 





  


check this out! my track drawings are now in a book! "buckshot's modern trappers guide."

written by an expert trapper. i highly recommend this
                        book for anyone interested in trapping. it contains a
                        complete tracking section with drawings that were done
                        by me - kim cabrera. so i have more than one reason to
                        recommend this book! check it out for yourself. it's
                        worth a look. it is ranked #1 in sales in the "trapping"
                        category on amazon.com. check out buckshot's web site
                        too. (buckshot's
                          camp) 

also, my opossum track
                    drawings are featured on the cover of the new novel, "possums sing" by marlina claire. check
                    it out!

beartracker also
                    maintains a blog of book reviews. i review many books, both
                    fiction and non-fiction. find my blog here:
https://beartrackerblog.wordpress.com


animal tracks and signs by beartracker
                      wildlife tracking - my project on inaturalist



 




links to tracking sites







search and rescue tracking



• universal tracking services home
                                page 
• international society of professional
                              trackers


• pacific northwest trackers
                                association 
• western
                                new mexico search and rescue trackers
                                association


• search


















                                and rescue society of british columbia

 


 fernando moreira's professional
                                tracking services
 
•
                                joel hardin professional tracking services
 


•
                                snohomish county volunteer search & rescue
                                tracking page 
natural
                                awareness tracking school



• lost person behavior
                                characteristics (from sarbc’s page.)

 


• bay
                                area search and rescue council
• national
                                association for search and rescue (nasar)


 sarti
•
                                k-9 emergency response teams, inc.


• hug-a-tree national headquarters

 



 

 


animal tracking and
                              others 


• paul rezendes tracking site
• a naturalist's world


• tom brown jr.’s tracker school
                                (official site)
• nature tracking -
                              jonah evans' web site
 


•
                                ndakinna education center
• keeping track


• wilderness awareness school
•
                                earth skills - james lowery's site


•  cybertracker blog
 
•cybertracker tracker
                                certification
 


• animal tracks and signs by
                                beartracker wildlife tracking (guide)
 
 • my inaturalist wildlife track observations
 


• cybertracker conservation
 
• reddit animal tracking
 


tactical tracking/law
                              enforcement


• tactical
                                tracking operations school, inc.
• cybertracker


• scott donelan tracking school

  • selous scouts 



 

 








 other links 

places to go hiking


• california
                              state parks (i worked for them. some great
                            parks here.) 


• redwood
                              national park (my neighbors to the north. good
                            place to go hiking.) 


• grand canyon national park (grand
                            canyon association expanded web site)


• national
                              park service (parknet) explore our national
                            parks! many tracking opportunities here!


• yellowstone
                              park net (yellowstone national park
                            information)


animals reference sites
  

• animal diversity web (excellent resource - also
                          college level) 


other web sites i wrote


• animal
                            tracks of humboldt county (northern california
                          animal tracks) 


• tracking how-to (learning to read
                          tracks - the secret language of the wilderness.) 
this
                            site is under construction.


• kg6bfo
                            humboldt county frequency guide (amateur radio
                          and scanner frequencies)
tracking

























                            2006 - international society of professional
                          trackers conference

animal tracks and signs by
                              beartracker wildlife tracking

 


 

<



if
                  you have any questions, please e-mail me at: 

 tracker777@hotmail.com

 


you are visitor number:  
counter reset at over 50000 in october 2000.
                  previous attendance figures lost. 
 
 



view

























                    stats 
thanks for stopping
                  by! come back soon! just follow the tracks...

 
click here to hear a bear
                    roar. (48k wav file)
 

  
the old guestbook system was replaced by
                  geocities at the end of december 2000. you can still view my old guestbook entries from 1997 to 2000
                  here. enjoy!
view the january
                    2001 guestbook entries.
 
 
                    click to subscribe to the signcutters list 
 
 
                    click to view the archives of the signcutters list




 
do you like this site? want to tell
                                others about it? recommend the animal tracks den
                                to someone by clicking on this button: 
   

 don't forget to sign my
                                guestbook!
 
post a message on my geocities
                            message board.



 
 
don't forget to visit the store.
            find animal tracking items, or email
            me to request custom pawprint products! 
            we also do custom laser etched items in partnership with pacific
            laser design. see the store page
              here.
 







tracking ring site owned by
kim a. cabrera

                      [ next page | random | next 5 | list

























                        sites ]
                      want to join the ring? go to this page. 







 
cyberangels privacy policy
  
 

 
 
  

 

 
 
 

beartracker's animal
        tracks den is copyright © 1997, 2016, 2018. 
        unless otherwise noted: text, drawings, and photos by kim a. cabrera - desert moon
          design
        before borrowing my material, please read the guidelines.
        
73 from kg6bfo!
 
site
          dedication
 











info 






















 
 





also visit
                        these fine stores for more products of interest:
  ndn

























                              pride shop - for
                          indian pride items for all tribes. custom items
                          available on request.
  asl

























                              signs of love  -
                          for anyone who uses or is learning asl, american sign
                          language. custom name items and more are available
                          here. 

get e.c.o. store
                              (get every child outdoors) - 
                                www.geteverychildoutdoors.com

sales from all stores give commissions
                          to beartracker's animal tracks den, which helps keep
                          this site online as a free service. we are celebrating
                          ten years online this year!






 
  


 
 


   
 www.bear-tracker.com
the tracking t-shirt store (with paw prints
        and more!):
 www.cafepress.com/tracker
 
more tracking items:

            www.zazzle.com/tracker8459*
all proceeds from sales of items in
          my stores go to help keep beartracker's animal tracks den online!
           
my other stores:
sign language stuff - www.aslsignsoflove.com
ndn pride stuff - www.ndnpride.com
get e.c.o. store (get every child
          outdoors) - 
            www.geteverychildoutdoors.com
 
all proceeds from stores go to help
          maintain this site as a free service. thank you. 
 


 
 




 





























