
















general devices company, inc.



























 








 contact us
 (317) 897-7000





follow us:



















search our products 















home
about us
about us overviewfamily owned since 1953quality programscapabilitiesemployment
services
services overviewcustom metal fabricationwet & powder coat paintingsilk screen printing
products
products overviewproduct installation instructionsrackmount ball bearing slidessolid bearing slidesbottom mount slidescabinet & rack mount accessoriescabinets & rackssliding systems: industrial slidesblog
contact us
direct salesdistributors



search our products 
























high-quality
slides and metal fabrication
world-wide provider of high quality, highly customizable telescoping slides and custom metal fabrication.

slides, rails and racks 
metal fabrication services 
 











products
quality products for every application











ball bearing slides
high-precision ball bearing slides are the perfect choice for delicate instrumentation where smooth motion under load is a critical requirement.
11" to 48" lengths
50lb to 750lb load capacity
learn more









solid bearing slides
our most rugged and cost effective slides. these friction slides work well in shock and vibration and extreme environments.
12" to 48" lengths
60lb to 275lb load capacity
learn more









bottom mount slides
heavy-duty bottom mount slides are the best choice for  heavy load applications for industrial equipment, emergency vehicle and transportation industries.
11" to 48" lengths
75lb to 1270lb load capacity
learn more









cabinet & rackmount accessories
we offer a variety of  ready made rack mount accessories including shelves, drawers, cable management and rack panels. 
learn more









cabinets & racks
cabinet and racks provide structural strength to keep systems secure in controlled, heavy duty, or shock and vibration applications.
learn more









sliding systems: industrial slides
a comprehensive range of telescopic slides and linear systems for a wide range of applications.
learn more


















quality craftmanship
since 1953






welcome to general devices
high quality slides, cabinets, and racks since 1953

since 1953 general devices has been innovating and helping the world move with our slides and products. we have changed with the changing landscape and have helped oems and engineers develop and fit slides and rails into their applications. we started in the telecommunications and defense industries in the 1960s and evolved our offerings and products as our customers’ needs grew. today we service and fit the needs of industries spanning the globe including electronic equipment oems. medical equipment oems, telecom/datacom, military and defense contractors’ industrial equipment manufacturers, fire and emergency vehicle oems and upfitters, recreational vehicles, and energy and ev sectors
discover more










what we do
products and services





 



telescoping slides
as an industry leader in solid & ball bearing slide manufacturing, general devices has the products you need for your applications. we manufacture and carry a wide variety of rugged and dependable slides that will meet or exceed the needs of your job. see our products section for more information about the types of slides we offer.


learn more 







cabinets & racks
looking for a custom enclosure and mounting solution for your application? let us help! each of our cabinets & racks are commercial grade and created with the highest quality materials available. we can customize to meet your needs or prototype and build your design. speak with our field applications specialists today!


learn more 







metal fabrication
whether you need engineering input on a custom metal product, precision cutting for a single prototype, or high-production stamping and finishing, your best source for complete sheet metal fabrication services is general devices company. for more information see our services section or contact a field applications specialist today!


learn more 




 







 our blog
latest news & blog












 february 5, 2025
telescopic ball-bearing slides for every industry
read more 





 view more blog posts 
 








 follow us
latest social posts








view more posts 










looking for help with your next project?
general devices's knowledgeable and expert staff is available to help choose the right products for your needs. contact us today!



 (317) 897-7000
contact us now

























worldwide manufacturer of high-quality ball-bearing slides, solid-bearing slides, bottom mount slides, cabinets, and cabinet and rackmount accessories.

 1410 s. post road, indianapolis, in 46239, usa
 phone: (317) 897-7000
 fax: (317) 898-2917





quick links

 home about us services products blog contact us





products

rackmount ball bearing slidessolid bearing slidesbottom mount slidescabinet & rack mount accessoriescabinets & rackssliding systems: industrial slides





search catalog
















			iso 9001-2015
			fm 80298

			compliant
			available



cage code:
			06666


uei #: fc25mjywjqj3














© copyright 2025
| privacy policy | terms of use


































