







clothing by andre








































































































              home
            

        services
      

        experience
      

        gallery
      

        about
      

        contact us
      



            schedule appointment
          



















































homeservicesexperiencegalleryaboutcontact us







where every suit is your power suit




schedule appointment









scroll






 









 







 

.01our products & services

  

custom suitsa custom suit is the perfect option for standing out  in the office or on your big day. using the finest fabrics from zegna, united silks and holland & sherry, our products focus on time-honored pieces with ever-lasting style. when you order one of our custom suits, you will receive a one-on-one consultation to understand your needs, take over 30 measurements and select the smallest detail of your suiting. details include: lining, lapel shape, button type, pocket count and more. the standard turn around time for a custom suit is four weeks. need it sooner? it might cost a little extra, but we can make it happen for you.opening price $895ready made suitsif you are looking for an option with a faster turn around time, with the ready-made option your suit is immediately available. also made of the finest-quality, the options here are plenty. opening price $795make it a packagewe know that ordering a suit is not the end. there is the shirt, shoes and accessories. when we design your suit, we will design a look which encompasses it all. we ensure you have the full package. 



personal shoppingsometimes you just do not feel like shopping. let us do it for you. whether you are after complimentary pieces to your clothing by andre custom suit for work or a different look for evening, we can do it all. closet consultationwe all know it is a task which gets pushed to the bottom of the to-do list. but cleaning out that closet will help you get ready each day. what we find, is bringing us in for a consultation provides that additional push to weed out that one suit you have not worn for over three years - but just might tomorrow. we can help you better see that with a little tweaking there are pieces which can be revived. so let's take a look at what you have and expand from there.




“i’m not the normal build and i’ve been buying suits from andre for over 10 years. all suits have been exceptional quality, great price and perfect fit. thanks andre and i look forward to my next dozen suits!”

— garrett townsend

 

detailsall orders require a 50% non-refundable deposit.located in denver, colorado, we are happy to travel locally and out of state. terms and conditions apply. a three (3) suit or ensemble minimum is required for out-of-state travel appointments. a 50% non-refundable deposit at time of booking will be collected. 

 




 







 

.02experience

  

1...consulthere we will sit down together to discuss your likes & dislikes, present fabrics and review some of your style inspirations. come to the consult with your favorite fitting suit and pics from instagram or pinterest to help guide the conversation. during this time, we will identify your top fabric selection along with two to three additional top picks.



2...buildafter the consultation, we send all the measurements along with pictures to our tailors where they hand sew your garments. every stitch is complete with precision making the next step easy as possible.

  

3...fitafter the build, your suit is sent to our office. we will set up a time with you for the fitting. if there are any necessary alterations, we will mark them at this time. working with our alteration partner in cherry creek north, this is the final step before your perfected suit. this step is extremely important as we will take note of necessary changes and incorporate them into your next order. this is why we order your first suit and perfect it before ordering additional garments. *alteration costs are additional



4...enjoyonce alterations are complete, the suit is ready for you to show off. enjoy the power a custom suit brings you - you will want to tell all your friends and blast it on your social media. 

  

5...reorderwe always recommend purchasing one suit the first time around to confirm your happiness. after that first one and you are ready to order additional suits, we will be there. with your measurements on hand, there is no need to make another appointment. just let us know which fabric you would like to order next and we will handle the rest.

  

ready to get started. book your appointment with us.











 

.03satisfied customers

 












































































  

.04about us



clothing by andre is proud to be one of denver’s top custom clothing boutiques for over 20 years. driven by a passion for fine quality fabrics and a fit which conforms to your body, we thrive on creating you a full packaged look every time.years of work with ourbespoke tailoring company, we have nailed the measurement and build process. this partnership benefits our clients because the 35-point measurement system developed ensures our clients a near to perfect fit upon arrival. 



andre holliday is a colorado-native whom grew up with a passion for fashion. watching his grandfather and father dress in their sunday best every day, andre was instilled with the mentality to always be the best dressed person in any room. when you work with us, there is no doubt you will be the finest dressed in the room. we gain inspiration through latest fashion trends, but more importantly we pull each client's personal style and character into the garment. we know when you feel your best, you are your best. thank you denver for letting us grow with you.

  




 







  

.05contact us

 

we know you have options, so thank you for considering clothing by andre as your custom clothier. we would be honored to meet with you to discuss your needs and begin the development process. complete the form to contact us today and get started or give us a call at 303.913.2120.










              name
              
                *





              email address
              
                *





              phone number
              
                *





              tell us what you are after
              
            






thank you!




 






hero image 1



services



hero image 3



experience



satisfied customers



gallery



about



hero image 2



contact








 

thank you for considering clothing by andre for your custom clothing needs. if you have any questions or would like to talk with us, we can be reached by phone or text at 303-913-2120.





clothing by andre
denver, co
3039132120
a.holliday.suits@gmail.com


hours
mon 11am - 7pm
tue 11am - 7pm
wed 11am - 7pm
thu 11am - 7pm
fri 11am - 7pm
sat 10am - 1pm
sun closed




facebookinstagram




powered by squarespace

 







