




holistic medicine, meditation, metaphysics, japanese symbols & holistic health and wellness - qigong - tai chi and buddhism














 



meditation -  metaphysics - holistic medicine - qigong - tai chi - massage therapy - japanese culture - homeopathy - feng shui 
        health & wellness -  ayurveda -  martial arts - mind / body - zen



 











 
welcome


new courses


article series


japanese symbols


contact us










 









aromatherapy


ayurveda


counseling


feng shui


herbology


homeopathy


holistic medicine


hypnotherapy


massage therapy


massage schools


meditation


metaphysics


natural therapies 


teaching


zen meditation


 









more resources


japanese symbols


names in japanese


chinese symbols


japanese anime


learn japanese audio 


disclaimer


privacy policy









 








visit karma-net daily!

this is karma-net, the web's finest source for online holistic courses, meditation training, holistic health  self-improvement, continuing education programs, alternative health articles, healthy living tips and much more. learn how to meditate, have less stress in your life, take an online course, or just spend some time in this peaceful online oasis. you'll find a home here with us.


featured course
meditation instructor certificate program - c.mi™





learn on-line 
 every day is a new opportunity to learn and improve yourself. and to help you do just that, karma-net has assembled an impressive collection of online courses from around the web - in meditation, yoga, massage, reiki and many more. 
find an interesting subject to study today!












karma-net updates
receive occasional updates on  courses, meditation resources, health and wellness info, healthy living, and all-around good karma
















 


first name:



e-mail address:






don't forget to check your inbox for your verification email.



 we respect your privacy. your email will never be sold or traded outside of our bbi / karma-net network. 













 
 aromatherapy is the term given to therapeutic treatments utilizing essential oils. essential oils are extracted from plant material, mostly by steam distillation, and are extremely concentrated essences. essential oils are used for many different reasons and in a number of different ways. they can truly address the needs of the body, mind and spirit. 
                  learn more

meditation certification program - online courses: 
learn more today




















if you have come across the word ‘kaizen’ before it will probably have been in the context of industrial quality control or personal development. kaizen is a japanese word that is usually translated as ‘improvement’, but it means more than that. the word has connotations of continuous, gradual, orderly and never-ending improvement, the willingness to constantly, relentlessly pursue improvement a small step at a time. learn more







            didn't find what you were looking for?
try google search 















  
 custom search 




 




 
 
teach this triple truth to all: a generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity. 
buddha























learn more about:
kamakura, japan 
learn about the great buddha statue in kamakura, japan. see the photos too! more...






you know that
stress is unhealthy
learn how to reduce stress naturally









© 1998-2023 karma-net - all international rights reserved.







