


































    visa versa weddings
  













              
 


     weddings



  lighting



  photo booths



  videos



  pricing



  contact












    
 





      


  
finally entertainers who get it   

discover the difference





   the 
platinum wedding experience
    

  live mix dj & mc
• • • •simply the most immersive entertainment experience to be found anywhere in cny
  

button




  

  platinum lighting
• • • •atmospheric effects transform virtually any venue for unparalleled ambiance
  

button




  

  ceremony sound
• • • •pristine sound anywhere with reliable wireless mics and technical coordination
  

button






  

  photo booths
• • • •totally unique, custom enclosures in your choice of 3 styles: classic, retro or su! 
  

button





  

how much do you charge?





   
visa versa delivers! in this video, our dj's explain everything you should expect from your entertainment! you can check our track record anywhere! no elevator music. no tacky signs. no auctioneer announcing. no cheese!
  

what our couples say



   





      






how much do you charge?


what's included?

 
   for your reception

• professional dj & mc services• four-speaker sound system• wireless microphone• dance floor lighting• additional battery powered speaker  for cocktail hour in a different space

 for your ceremony

•  professional audio engineer on site will play    music or amplify your ceremony musicians!•  battery-powered sound systems for clear,    transparent sound that can go anywhere!•  up to 3 wireless and wired mics for your    vows, readers or musicians, as needed




$400 per additional hour • we have 3 experienced disc jockeys/mc's, but book only 2 events a day so that we have an emergency backup and staff get some weekends off  •  you'll meet and plan with the dj performing your wedding 
all-inclusive • up to 5 hours $2800old-fashioned photo booth & venue lighting also available!



       
  "responsive. kind... and boy did they deliver!"
- anthony & jade

  

button



 
  "our night was a fairy tale! brian helped more than he will ever know!"
- brian & mandi lynn

  

button



 
  "a pleasure to work with... you will not go wrong!"
- jason & carolyn

  

button



 
  "the dancefloor was always packed, which is exactly what we wanted!"
- john & abby

  

button



 
  "we could not have asked for a better experience!"
- chris & meghan

  

button









   in their own words... we interview many of our clients before and after their wedding day for honest feedback about their experience, shopping for vendors, expectations they had, and what it feels like to look back on the day...
  

100+ weddingwire reviews


   





    frequently asked questions



        can we pick our own music?

   




  absolutely! your special dance requests will be on our systems before leave our office! and when it comes to dancing, you can provide us a list of your favorites and any do not plays or just give us broad instructions as to the genres you prefer.  all we ask is that you leave us flexibility to work with your crowd. but above all, making you happy is our top priority!



   can we see you perform?

   




  each of the weddings that we perform at are private events for the couple and their guests.  we respect that privacy, and don't invite prospective clients to "peek in." also, because we tailor our services to each specific event, evaluating another reception may not be a good representation of what we would do for you!  the best way to see if we're the right fit for you is through a personal consultation! there's no obligation whatsoever!



   do you bring backup gear?

   




  yes! at every event! we even offer a money back guarantee that if after 10 minutes we aren't back up and running, we'll give you $25 every minute the system is down on up to a full refund!








    

 _







      
11 fabian lane, syracuse ny 13209info@vvep.com   |   
(315) 440-2048     

 

 

 





 
 quick links
 
frequently asked questionsaccess your booth photosbrowse lighting galleriesbrochure & pricingmake a payment


   (c) 2022 vvep  •  all rights reserved  • 
site design by carlo

















































































































  
  share by:








