


	wisconsin ag connection
































menu

homenewsmarketsauctionscareersdirectorymachinery




social links
search



tools



close








search



close








  





close

















wisconsin weather 










wisconsin ag connection
your daily source of agriculture and farming news for wisconsin. we also provide farmers with information on markets, auctions and farm equipment, as well as local job and career opportunities.










wisconsin ag news headlines














dianne somers and kevin bula earn top industry honor
dianne somers and kevin bula were inducted into the wpvga hall of fame...






agriculture leaders gather at cultivate and connect 2024
wisconsin farm bureau's cultivate & connect conference educated...






apply now - 2025-2026 wisconsin agriculture youth council
wisconsin high school juniors can apply for the 2025-2026 agriculture...











stay ahead in dairy - market and farm management strategies
the dairy signal next week features farm insurance tips, cover crop...





wisconsin ffa farm forum empowers future ag leaders
over 300 ffa members attended wisconsin farm bureau's ffa farm...





free youth livestock webinars - cooking and animal care
wisconsin youth (grades 3-13) can learn about beef cooking, animal...










wisconsin hosts 2025 u.s. championship cheese contest
38 cheese experts will judge thousands of dairy products at the 2025 us...





2025 pdp business conference - dairy supply chain insights
the 2025 pdp business conference offers dairy producers insights into...





wisconsin leads u.s. in snap bean production - usda report
wisconsin led the nation in snap bean production (40%), ranked third in...









rss
















































midwestern news






illinois
indiana
iowa


kansas
kentucky
michigan


minnesota
missouri
nebraska


new york
north dakota
ohio


pennsylvania
south dakota
wisconsin



















upcoming auction










late model equipment auction



jun 01, 2025 - jun 30, 2025
clean line of low houred, late model equipment, tractors, combine, tillage and shop items
b&m auctions of wi, llc
              shullsburg/darlington, wi   
                 
              608-328-4878
visit website





more auctions













national agriculture news headlines

















tuesday, february 18, 2025
cattle market outlook bright as demand and prices rise
the cattle industry is set for strong prices in 2025 as tight supplies and quality-driven demand create new opportunities for producers, boosting...








tuesday, february 18, 2025
ethanol industry powers u.s. economy with strong growth
the ethanol industry made a strong impact on the u.s. economy in 2024 by creating jobs, increasing exports, and supporting rural america through...








tuesday, february 18, 2025
new h5n1 flu cases surface in u.s. dairy and cats
avian flu's reach extends beyond poultry, affecting dairy cows in arizona and cats in oregon, with significant health and safety implications.









































tuesday, february 18, 2025
government funding freeze hits farmers hard
the government's freeze on conservation and aid programs leaves thousands of farmers without expected funding, creating financial uncertainty...








tuesday, february 18, 2025
epa fires 388 workers in federal workforce reduction
the environmental protection agency has dismissed 388 employees in a government-mandated workforce reduction. critics warn of environmental risks,...








monday, february 17, 2025
avian flu spreads across nine u.s. states
avian flu has spread to commercial and backyard poultry flocks in nine states, affecting millions of birds. wild bird detections raise further...































precision agriculture digital digest


precision agriculture digital digest is published quarterly and shares the latest innovations and techniques related to precision agriculture and ag technology. read the most recent edition of the farms.com precision ag digital digest to learn more about the latest in precision agriculture, including technology, equipment, efficiencies, data, soil, mapping, and much more.































































































wisconsin business directory








































































































































































































































































































































































































































prev next





























contact us
about us
advertise with us









crops
alfalfa | corn | fruits & vegetables | hay & forage | soybeans | wheat
livestock
beef cattle | dairy cattle | hogs | poultry
other resources
business | education | energy | general | government & policy | harvesting | rural lifestyle | sustainable agriculture | weather
national news













submit news stories
















powered by 









terms of use
privacy policy



copyright 2025 by agfarmnews.com





back to top













