






special needs education | k-12 education | with accel






































































about accel

leadership team
our board
accel in the news
newsletter


programs

k-12
adult program
the bista program
accel international
district partnerships


get involved

tax credit
amazon smile
volunteer
careers
donate now


contact accel

admissions
documents
financial documents
workshop order form


calendars’24-’25 metro & east calendar’24-’25 aas calendar’24-’25 blc calendar


















donate now



 











we serve all people who have special needs to learn, to work, and to live successfully with dignity and independence
 








k–12 education
exceptional educational, behavioral, therapeutic, and vocational programs for individuals with special needs ages 5 to 22.
virtual tours: metro   & east
contact admissions
student handbook








adult services
lifelong educational and vocational training to individuals over 18 years of age with developmental disabilities.
contact adult services








the bista program
services for children 18 months to 13-years-of-age through evidence base applied behavior analysis (aba) and social groups.
contact us to learn more about the bista program









welcome to accel!









 
 
 
we are a nonprofit organization serving children and adults who have developmental disabilities, including autism spectrum disorder, behavior disorders and intellectual disabilities.
at accel we surround you and your child or family member with the best special needs education with programs, services and experts dedicated to helping you stay focused on the #1 priority of ensuring a happy, healthy and fulfilling life.







take advantage of the arizona tax credit

accel qualifies as a charitable tax organization meaning each dollar donated is taken off your tax liability or added to your refund: up to $470 for individuals and $938 for married couples. help boost special needs education today. donations need to be made by april 15. have any questions?  we are happy to help! email our team
 


donate to accel











 



















followfollowfollow

accel is a nonprofit organization serving children and adults who have developmental disabilities, including autism spectrum disorder, behavior disorders, and intellectual disabilities.





quick links






about
programs
donate now
faq
civil rights and complaint forms
support
contact accel
staff email
paylocity
careers
privacy policy













 






























