




emily-anne's journal





































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































proana
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














proana







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement













emily-anne's journal




> recent entries
> calendar
> friends
> profile













wednesday, november 30th, 2005

10:07 pm



hello everyone,i'm writing almost 4 years later to let everyone know i am no longer proana and mental illness is a thing of the past for me. i'm in my 3rd year of university, i'm in a 3-year relationship and i absolutely love life. proana did nothing but hurt me. i'm not going to tell anyone what to do with their body but if anyone wants to talk or wants out, i'm here to help.emily



(49 comments | comment on this)


wednesday, december 19th, 2001

8:00 pm - to anonymous people



guys, thanx for being concerned. i mean you anonymous people. one question, what did you mean by "please don't hurt me." do i know you? i don't really think i've hurt anyone like dieting stuff b4. except for jen. but we've done that for 2 years. and for naive posts "you're not fat!" thanks, i know that! thanks for being concerned ladies but seriously. i realize i'm not fat. this is a choice i've made. i have control of my own body. and if i don't want to do this anymore then it will come from inside me. it won't come from anybody else. thanxemily



(160 comments | comment on this)




5:57 pm - i think i'm ready.



i think i'm ready to start dieting again. i wore a tight shirt today. i think i looked skinny. i weigh 112 pounds and i'm 5'5. i want to get to 99! think i can do it? i know i can. the lowest i've been able to get to in the past was 103.5. i was so close! why on earth did i stop???emily
current mood:  cheerful


(66 comments | comment on this)


thursday, november 29th, 2001

8:53 pm - i am so pathetic!



i can't believe i gave up on my diet the day i started! i'm in grade 11. in grade 9 i had so much more self-control. i think i'm almost up to 115!!!! i want to diet but i need your support.emily-anne



(107 comments | comment on this)


wednesday, november 28th, 2001

9:36 pm - in need of some good thinspiration...



i began a diet in november, and lost about 6 pounds...my pants were all too big, and i was beginning to look less fat.but then...i gained it all back.and got fat.again.and thats where i am now.emily if u are reading this, please help me! i wanna dt...but i need ur support and stickers and dieting-buddy-ness like b4 minus the ls, i&v and d and all that...hehedo u think u ever had an ed?better question----->do u think u ever had the power, self-motivation, the capacity within urself to have an ed?luv u tons,xoxo
current mood:  contemplative


(124 comments | comment on this)


monday, november 26th, 2001

7:52 pm - my first day and i'm already over but it's not my fault



this morning i weighed 110 pounds.1/2 apple2/3 cup shreddiesmelba toastgranola barsoy milksyrup for milkrice cakes and peanut buttersphagetti.............comes to a grand total of 1263 calories! i wanted to start at 1200 calories. it's not my fault though. i had my flute lesson and i had cooked my dinner before. when i came home my mom had cooked me sphagetti!!! my other supper was only 105 calories, the one my mom made was 305. that sucks. phoowy.emily
current mood:  disappointed


(21 comments | comment on this)


sunday, november 25th, 2001

4:19 pm - tomorrow's the big day



so i'm starting my diet tomorrow. i'm 112 pounds (ugh!). my goal is to be under 100. wouldn't i feel proud to say i'm 5'5 98 pounds. losing weight is like a vicious cycle for me. the enthusiasm comes and goes. but i really want to! i really do! i'm starting at 1200 calories a day or less. i know that's a lot but it's just to start out.emily
current mood:  anxious


(270 comments | comment on this)















> top of page





livejournal.com
































