

























































	
        
        city of camrose














skip to content





log incareerscontact ussitemap

































city of camrose












living hereliving here2023 year in reviewanimal servicescity facilitiescity projectscemeteryclubs and organizationscommunity calendarcourthousedeer in camroseeducationemergency resourcesenvironment and sustainabilityflushables and unflushablesgarbage, recycling, and organicsgarden plotshealthcare servicesheritagehousing and real estatemapsnoisenotifications and alertsplaces of worshipreport a concernschool zonesshared e-scooter pilot programstreets and sidewalkstax and assessmenttransportationutilitieswaterrecreation and culturerecreation and cultureaquatic centrearts and cultureball diamondsbook a facilitycamrose and district museumcanada dayclubs and organizationscourtscurlingdisc golfdrop in activitiesevent calendargolf courselibrarynon-motorized watercraft recreationoutdoor gymoutdoor rinks and toboggan hillsparksplaygroundsprograms and coursesrecreational facilitiesskate parkskatingskiingspray parksports fieldstrack passestrailsvisit camrosebusiness and developmentbusiness and developmentapplications, licenses, and permitsavailable propertiesbids and tendersbusiness resourcescity projectsdevelopable landinvestmapsplanning and developmentsafety codes serviceszoningyour governmentyour government2023 year in reviewagendas and minutesapplications, licenses, and permitsbudget and financialbylawscareerscensuscity hallcommittees and boardscommunity grantscontact uscouncil and committees calendarcouncil meetingselectionfees and chargeshow do i?mayor and councilnewsroompoliciesreport a concernstrategic planstudies and reportstaxesvolunteer opportunities








camrose home
                










customer service
site feedback

















aquatic centrenotificationsprograms and coursesskatinggarbage & organicsreport a concernfees and chargesmaps




welcome to the city of camrose
take a look at all of our latest news and upcoming events.




news hubview city news and media releases at our news hub


be the first to knowget city notifications and alerts directly to your phone by signing up with voyent alert!


city projectsfind updates to current projects and join the conversation through our online public engagement platform, our camrose.


how do i?want to report a concern? get a business license? register for a program or course? check out our how do i page for all of our commonly asked questions.




consider yourself invited
view our calendar of events to view all our upcoming events.






loading calendar feed...
















keep informed!
stay up to date with all of the latest news and events from the city of camrose!
subscribe



connect with us





























city of camrose, 5204 - 50 avenue, camrose, ab, t4v 0s8
p. 780.672.4426  |  f. 780.672.2469 | email us
the city of camrose is a municipality located on treaty 6 territory, the traditional lands of the indigenous and the métis people. for as long as the sun shines, the rivers flow, and the grass grows, this land will be recognized as treaty 6 territory.


a-z servicesaccessibility careerscopyright and disclaimercontact usprivacy statementsitemap



























browser compatibility notification



it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.







