















neccc




























































































pages



neccc home


july 2024 event


club services


previous photo conferences


speakers and judges


miniseries


blog


bulletins


articles


digital interclub & individual print comps


keeping clubs active


member clubs


clubs: join neccc


charitable giving


about us


2024 event


subscribe


















































































neccc home












welcome to the new england camera club council™(neccc™)






 


the new england camera club council™ (neccc™) is a nonprofit umbrella group for a large number of camera clubs in the new england states (connecticut, rhode island, maine, massachusetts, new hampshire, and vermont).  as you browse the site, you'll learn about our extensive photography conference held each july at the university of massachusetts in amherst, ma; our services to new england member camera clubs; and scholarships the council awards each year to students so they may further their studies in the field of imaging.our 2023 online event was a tremendous success with two keynote presentations by art wolfe and bryan f. peterson.  the 75th anniversary conference was held in 2022. click here to review the 75th and previous conferences.

we invite you to explore our site to learn more about our activities or for information on how to contact us. to receive the latest news about neccc and about photo ops & workshops in the new england and east coast areas, and about photography-related topics, please sign up at necccnews.blogspot.com. please like us on facebook, click get notifications if you want to be updated. questions about neccc? contact info@neccc.org.visit the neccc blog, sign up at necccnews.blogspot.com to be notified about neccc news, and also about photo ops, workshops, and other photography-related topics. we are also on facebook. if you have something for the bulletin or want to write a photo op article contact the news editor: bulletin@neccc.org. we welcome suggestions, contact info@neccc.org.







neccc blog: necccnews.blogspot.com. neccc is looking to post your photo event! email lisa at photographer67 [at] comcast.net with "for the neccc blog" in the subject line and we will let the entire new england area and more know about the photo op or your club's event! let's rock the new england region with an abundance of shared information and opportunities!!
 we want to announce photography photo ops, programs, workshops, etc. from the new england region on the neccc blog. there is soooo much going on in the new england region and we want to share it! seminars, workshops, camera club programs, outside speakers, canon explorers of light, photo ops, -- and first-hand information providing updates on seasonal shooting (sunflowers, spring flowers, fall foliage). let's share! in this day of social media "we" (photographers) should be sharing upcoming photography with each other so everyone can know about them and choose to participate. the neccc blog and facebook site are wonderful places to share what is going on photographically in the new england region. please have your club representative and/or publicity person contact me with information about your club's events, programs, seminars, etc. that you are offering. if you have a first-hand update on a seasonal event we would like that too (how are the sunflowers at buttonwood farm, are the daffodils peak, how is the fall foliage, etc.). enjoy some previous winning imagescharter_oak_silk_steve_one_morning_on_the_ligurian_sea_1stcharter_oak_hastings_pam_fly_swatter_1sthockomock_vallie_sherri_house_of_sorrows_1ststony_brook_fitzgerald_karen_barred_with_snake_lunch_1stnashoba_valley_kay_james_fly_with_prey_1stclick here to view more winning images from some of our previous competitions





neccc is a proud member of








 the new england camera club council (neccc) is a nonprofit umbrella group for a plethora of camera clubs in the new england states (connecticut, rhode island, maine, massachusetts, new hampshire, and vermont).  the council was established in 1937 and incorporated in 1963.

 ► download & install the latest free acrobat reader to see the various pdfs on the site.


 



 


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)









neccc is looking to post your photo event!

neccc is looking to post your local (greater new england area) photo event! email photographer67@comcast.net with "for the neccc blog" in the subject line and we will let the entire new england area know about the photo op or your club's event! read page 2 to learn about posting your event



like us on facebook








hunts photo and video





new england's largest photography retailer




looking for speakers or judges? visit club services for the call for speakers, judges, and the lists. 



neccc






join psa

what is psa? – (maybe you’d like to join!) by by marilyn and rick cloran, fpsa’s, mpsa’s, mnec’s



psa















subscribe

subscribe to the neccc newsletter
 click subscribe



current bulletin

current bulletin



interclub digital

here is a link to a gallery of all images in digital interclub competitions for the years listed.  click here.



neccc showcase








2024 council challenge

click here to see the council standings for the 2024 councils challenge.  click below to see the nature, color and b&w winners.
nature
color
b&w



interclub digital and individual print

view the year-end interclub and individual print results  click here  view historical interclub digital results here.  view results of 2025 winter digital interclub:
 report  
color images (class a and class b)
nature images (class a and class b)
monochrome images (class a and class b combined)
video of judging (not yet posted)



conference digital competition results

see the 2022 event digital competition results 
all scores 
open and nature winners 
medal winning images 





























copyright © 2014 by the new england camera club council, inc








external link disclaimer

neccc does provide links to external websites as a convenience to our members. use of any information contained in these websites is voluntary on the part of the members linking to them. neither neccc nor its members has any control of the content of other internet sites. neccc bears no responsibility for the accuracy, legality or content of external websites or for that of subsequent links. we try to ensure that the websites linked and any other links from this website contain "safe" content for everyone, but be aware that some sites contain explicit and other potentially offensive material due to the subject matter of the photographs exhibited. users should contact the external website with questions or concerns regarding its content. the content of a linked website may change at any time; if you find a link that is broken (or inappropriate) please contact us via email at news {at} neccc {dot} org.






neccc

the new england camera club council (neccc) is a nonprofit umbrella group for a large number of camera clubs in the new england states (connecticut, rhode island, maine, massachusetts, new hampshire, and vermont).  the council was established in 1937 and incorporated in 1963.










picture window theme. theme images by mammuth. powered by blogger.
























