





watermans web world - welcome to corrugated packaging









home
industrial
commercial
retail domestic
stock box list
box size search

box buyer wizard
what is corrugated board
measuring a box
board grades
need to know
printing on packaging
glossary of terms
environmental

about watermans
everything corrugated
terms & conditions
cost guarantee
quote request
contact us





welcome

watermanswebworld is the website for i. waterman (box makers) ltd .
since 1897, the company has maintained its position as one of the uk leading manufacturers of cardboard boxes, corrugated cartons and packaging.  we design, manufacture and supply cost effective and innovative solution to satisfy almost every packaging requirement, across a broad spectrum of industries and marketplaces.

today, watermans ( as our customers like to call us ) still remains an independent sheet board converting plant based in the heart of london. our creative and cost effective solutions ensure that our customer’s, ever-growing expectations and needs are always exceeded, with quality and a level of service and reliability that is almost legendary. it is for this reason that the company has such a strong reputation amongst its vast   portfolio of customers and within the industry in general.



clear customer focus and our versatile manufacturing plant provide our customers with the satisfaction and security that their demand can  be fulfilled. 

we listen, we understand, we advise 
 we design, we manufacture, we deliver. 


in addition to the manufacture of both large and small production runs, we have a large range of stock boxes for a huge variety of applications. 


please contact us today and see how a century of experience can help you with your  box and packaging requirements. 













national box size search for stock box's and cutters. find the exact size you need or the nearest sizes to it


unsure of how to order a box? let us guide through the key areas of ordering a box online


for any information, quote request or further details about this site please contact us





 
 


copyright © 1999-2006 waterman (box makers) ltd. all rights reserved.
watermanswebworld.com is not responsible for the content or detail that originates from external site or data providers.
web site design by: createx design





