








dirtnap records












































































































































































































news
releases
music
mailorder
video
coming soon
faq
contact
 



o-d-ex “breaker” and the sleeveens “s/t” both out now! 


o-d-ex “my pleasure” ep

september 14, 2024

one-time only pressing!100 clear* / 200 blackout now, order today!
*20 copies of the clear vinyl bundled with some of the last copies of the white-vinyl edition of the debut album…save $5!
order your copy here
hot on the heels of their highly regarded debut lp, “breaker”, mark ryan (marked men, mind spiders) and micah (why) return with 2 brand new tracks that don’t stray too far from the sonic template established on the lp. short, sharp, pulsing noise attacks, heavy on the digital synthesizers and broken drum samples. 
punk duo featuring mark ryan (mind spiders, marked men, radioactivity, high tension wires…) and micah why…clearly coming out of the sounds they’d established with their debut album…skeletons of ryan’s previous projects dipped into chrome plating, high-tensile-strength fingers folding into stiff gloves…knuckles cracking in the cold…ball peening against frozen puddles of blue coolant on the cement floor…the duo delivering two songs that squeeze out of the established sound but both possessing their own brittle urgency…the sounds pressed into sheets of glass and smashed into shard…twisting the stainless-steel needle tight into the end of glass syringe…applying the cold pneumatic squeeze…morse code beeping into harsh climates…administering the tension and brief release, into the eye before yanking you back into the storm…delivering the long instrumental squeeze before launching you back into the machine rhythms…both sides made to raise the hair on the back of your neck…you can almost catch the scent of the ballasts burning…can almost see fluorescents flickering in the dark…can almost hear the thin glass cracking in the cold. i know i’m so full of myself, and i hate to say it like that, but that’s what it sounds like to me.  crank it and break some panes in your neighbor’s windows. — winch (green noise)




sleeveens on tour!

september 2, 2024

dirtnap’s trans-atlantic hitmakers the sleeveens come together once again to play a crazy run of dates around gonerfest!
09.18 @greenlanternbarlex lexington ky09.20 @union_pool brooklyn ny09.21 @fuzzycactusrva richmond va09.22 @local506 chapel hill nc09.23 @thetatteredtartanpub andrews nc09.25 @eastsidebowl nashville tn09.26 @whirlingtiger louisville ky09.27 @gonerfest memphis tn09.29 @evolutionfest.stl st. louis mo




the sleeveens “metallica font” video

may 18, 2024







o-d-ex “back to form” video

january 15, 2024



surprise video premiere from o-d-ex! 
debut lp out 1/26, preorder the mailorder-exclusive white vinyl edition here




sleeveens tour dates

january 11, 2024
excited to announce the initial round of tour dates for the sleeveens 2024 world takeover! more in the works!






next page »


twitter

tweets by @dirtnaprecords


email sign-up


 


new releases



o-d-ex “my pleasure” ep



the sleeveens  “s/t “



o-d-ex “breaker”



direct hit / decent criminal split 7″ + beacon comic #1



martha “please don’t take me back”



more kicks “punch drunk”



more kicks “animal” ep



martha “beat, perpetual” ep



scrunchies “feral coast”



the ergs “time and the season” ep



built by the new language










