


	apartments for rent in charlottesville, va | stone creek village apartments – home








































 

















 
























365 stone creek point, charlottesville, va 22902

charlottesville, va


(434) 872-9000







×




home


amenities


floor plans


gallery


neighborhood


residents


contact us


apply now





      apply now
    






	welcome home 







luxury, location and convenience!
stone creek village – park-like setting, luxury amenities,
and a fantastic location just minutes from charlottesville!the essence of stone creek village lies in its beautiful
aesthetics. the stone and wood accents of our community complement the hillside
views you can admire from your private balcony or patio. situated in a 22-acre
park-like setting that features dramatic mountain views, a creek, a one-acre pond,
and landscaped walking trails, stone creek village is peacefully secluded while
only a short distance from all that charlottesville has to offer.enjoy the beautiful clubhouse with a resident lounge, state-of-the-art
fitness center, business center, and resort-style pool, or, head outside to explore
the nature trails, grilling areas, tot lots, dog park, putting greens, and
basketball courts.come home to an apartment with ample modern conveniences,
natural light, and room to spread out. our spacious apartment homes feature
open-concept floor plans, stainless steel appliances, ceramic tiled bathrooms,
in-home washer and dryer, spacious closets, and a private balcony or patio.
plus, covered parking and on-site maintenance makes for stress-free living!
 why look any further?
come enjoy the good life at stone creek village!



check availability: 

bedrooms
1  bed2  beds3+  beds


bathrooms
1 bath1.5 baths2 baths2.5 baths




search








luxury amenities
explore our incredible amenities.


	experience them for yourself 
	 






around town
you are only minutes away from must-have conveniences. 

explore the area  




come home to stone creek village
we have the answers. here’s how to get in touch… 

lease online  







seeing is believing

gallery  







what's happening at stone creek village

social media 






stone creek village apartmentssocial media home






exceptional style. nonstop luxury. 

reserve your new home today  







stone creek village apartments365 stone creek point




charlottesville, va 22902

(434) 872-9000



office hours






office hours:
×


monday: 9:00am to 5:00pmtuesday: 9:00am to 5:00pmwednesday: 9:00am to 5:00pmthursday: 9:00am to 5:00pmfriday: 9:00am to 5:00pmsaturday: 10:00am to 2:00pmsunday: closed
























privacy


site map




image/svg+xml


information for disabled persons website (opens in a new tab)
rental assistance website (opens in a new tab)





home


amenities


floor plans


gallery


neighborhood


residents


contact us


apply now


copyright © 2025 stone creek village apartments. all rights reserved.
















