







mariners landing townhome association | annapolis maryland
















mariners landing townhome association







home page
community amenities & dues
community rules
parking policy
covenants
exterior changes 

board of directors
frequently asked questions
clubhouse rental
mariners point






mariners landing townhome association

mariners landing is a community of 104 cedar-sided townhomes in annapolis, maryland.

located on edgewood road, the mariners landing townhome association is governed by its own elected board of directors.


fall 2018  newsletter
click here

community association services, dues, meetings, & trash pick-up – services provided to members
frequently asked questions – information about the community and the townhome association 
community rules – a collection of rules that the community has adopted including parking and
          pets.
parking policy – community parking rules and a vehicle registration form.
mariners landing rules & regulations 
exterior changes – additions or alterations to the exterior of a house (including
          fences and decks) are subject to architectural committee approval.
board of directors – how to reach the board of directors
covenants & restrictions  – community association governance
  management – contact
victory 
 managementat 443-249-0172 or by e-mail.

members of the mariners landing townhome association are also automatically members of the mariners point community association. this provides property owners with use of the mariners point pool and the opportunity to rent the mariners point clubhouse for parties and social events.
 the association board of directors generally meets monthly. there is an annual general membership meeting in may.
changes to the exterior of any property must be approved by the architectural committee. both the mariners landing townhome association, inc. and the mariners point community association have covenants, rules and restrictions which serve as the associations' “constitution” and guidelines. dues are mandatory.
for  more information, contact our management company,
victory 
 management, at 443-249-0172 or by e-mail.	
 


for more information,
e-mail victory management or call 
 443-249-0172.



â© copyright 1998-2022 by mariners landing  townhome association, inc. all rights reserved.
website design â© copyright 1998-2022 by  workable web solutions, llc.  all rights reserved.



