






mindconnection brain power center: free articles and smart products















 




amazon store • 


ebay store • 


walmart store • 


articles • brainpower newsletter
•
contact us   •  home • search


request to be put on our jokelist, one joke daily and a lot of original stuff 
you won't get anywhere else







 
 





mindconnection, llc has been making online customers happy since 1997. we 
	were among the early pioneers of e-commerce, using a shopping cart system 
	long before those were "a thing". we no longer sell through our own site; we now sell on amazon, bonanza, ebay, 
	shein, and the walmart marketplace. we do this very well, for example we have 
	perfect metrics on amazon and are "top rated" on ebay.

	 



victron energy makes all kinds of meters, controllers, inverters, and other 
equipment for rvs, conversion vans, boats, solar power installations, and 
related uses. click on the image to be taken to our amazon store, where you will 
see these and other offerings including:
american hard bag aftermarket sound system parts for harley davidson 
	motorcycles
cat tools
cold steel knives
connex radios
dosy meters
flexilla hose connectors
funko collectibles
 
galaxy 10 meter and 11 meter (cb) radios
hogue pistol grips
irv products for rvs
liberty monitors security cameras
metra saddlebag lids
mike holt electrical exam preparation products
minigadgets hidden camera co detectors and receptacles
 
nagy's aftermarket sound system parts for harley davidson motorcycles
paraben consumer data recovery sticks, porn detection sticks, and 
	similar diagnostic/ it tools
plantronics headsets
realsam pocket, which is a voice operated galaxy smart phone for the 
	blind
ridgid tools work lights and related
rok straps
rostra universal cruise control kits
 
sig sauer pellet guns
smartpens4u rocket pen reading tutor scanning pen | case | case bundle
texas ranger radios (chuck norris not included, sorry)
uniden radar detection systems (hard-wired)
victron dc power modules and related
wera tools
wewalk smart cane "cane with a brain" for the blind








we maintain our own site for a few 
	reasons:

so prospective new suppliers can see us. many won't accept a seller 
		that doesn't have its own website. we are always looking for new 
		distributors and new products. if you have something, contact us!
we have a vast repository of outstanding articles that help people 
		live better lives.
the mindconnection brainpower newsletter goes back decades now, and 
		we archive it here.
sometimes customers want to contact us outside a marketplace and 
		they can find us this way. need to call? 913-831-7483.

this is the part where we are supposed to tell you how wonderful we are 
	and that we select only "premium" products. it's the online version of the 
	"lying on the resume" game. here at mindconnection, we 
	put our pants on the same way you do. so no superheroes here. just good 
	folks who try hard. we do take extra pains in product sourcing, for example 
	we don't deal with shady companies (e.g., cheap chinese knockoffs) and we 
	discontinue items with high return rates. but, no, we don't tour factories 
	and insist that manufacturers meet our exceptionally rigorous standards so 
	that we alone have products people can trust (that's a common claim, 
	what horse hockey!).amazon executives call mindconnection an "apex amazon 
	seller". if you would like to benefit from that, here's some information for 
	you.in what capacity would we work with you?

	you would be our supplier. this entails:
	1. ship our orders directly to fba or deliverr (now flexport) if you can ship from inside 
	usa; we will provide labels.
	2. provide technical support (usually, this is not needed because problems 
	are of newbie variety we can handle).
	3. provide replacement packaging as needed. this is the industry standard; 
	orcam does not do this so sellers ship package-damaged returns in generic 
	packaging which makes no sense.
	4. assisting with warranty claims.
	5. provide the documents needed to get your brand (and this product) 
	registered in the amazon brand registry (huge benefit to you).
	6. alert us to sales and promotions.
	7. alert us to increases in cost and pricing.

	in return, we will:
	1. provide the best customer experience possible. timely deliveries, rebates 
	or small free items for when "the customer is right" even though actually 
	wrong, take queries over the phone, answer questions posted on amazon.
	2. provide frontline technical support. ask you if we don't know. the goal 
	is to get the customer going asap.
	3. recondition returns to new, but not sell them as new if this isn't 
	doable.
	4. be the first contact for warranty claims if that's how the customer 
	proceeds.
	5. get you into the brand registry.
	6. adjust our pricing to keep with sales and promotions.
	7. keep our prices on amazon, ebay, and walmart above those of your 
	non-marketplace sellers if that is how you want us to price on those 
	marketplaces. in any event, we won't violate map.
	8. use couponing (if you are ok with that) and pay per click advertising to 
	boost your sales.


what are the terms and margins you work with? 

	terms: if you accept amex, we don't need terms. we pay when you ship the 
	product, because amex gives us 60 days to pay. if you don't accept amex but 
	do accept paypal, we can fund paypal with amex. for any other payment 
	method, we need 60 days terms. it takes about 45 days to start getting paid 
	once a vendor ships our order to fba or to deliverr.

	margins. except in cases of very high sales velocity, those need to be fat, both in % and $. the price of your product 
	takes care of the $ part, which is needed to cover fixed costs. margin is 
	needed to cover the various costs of getting the product to the customer, 
	advertising (we do this robustly yet get low acos), and other costs. you 
	should already have margins determined for your non-marketplace sellers, and 
	they have costs similar to ours in many ways. if we price as they do or a bit above them, 
	margin should be ok.
 what data are required to start the process of setting up the pages?
an excellent question! actually quite a bit is needed to complete the 
	page (all the stuff that's invisible to customers but helps in other ways).
	
to start the page, we need: 
1. the upc, ean, or similar identifier.
	2. at least 4 good product images. these must be on a white background and 
	big enough that they can be "blown up" when clicked on. 
	3. your brand name exactly as it is on your trademark document. 
	4. a good product title. we'll need to collaborate on that to make the best 
	use of this field in the amazon system. the format is manufacturer - product 
	name - descriptive words. but if i get the brand "recognized" at the time i 
	create the listing we don't need it in the title.
	5. five bullet points. we'll need to look at your site and come up with 
	these. or you can e-mail these and we will either use as is or edit them. |
	6. a paragraph of description. i can get this from your site, also. but 
	again, you can send me something.
	7. a string of keywords. not phrases, words. amazon's system will assemble 
	the words to make the phrases needed. so no long tail as in advertising. 
	this is organic search.
note that once certain information is entered, it can never be changed. 
	for example, if we use the wrong upc or the wrong brand name we are stuck 
	with whatever we entered. 
note that to get you into the brand registry, we need an active asin 
	(product listing). so we get this page up there and then go for brand 
	registry.


  

see our brainpower newsletter. here's a little info for you:
recent brainpower tip #1
how can you really comprehend big numbers, so they mean something? one way is to 
compare them to a more familiar quantity or scale.here's an example. since the start of the 
"financial crisis," the federal reserve (which isn't federal and doesn't reserve 
anything) has created $29 trillion out of thin air and given it to the major 
banksters (who then lavished huge bonuses on their executives). source: senior 
scholar l. randall wray, professor of economics at the university of 
missouri–kansas city.
what's the difference between $29 trillion and, say, $400 billion? it's hard 
to picture. but compare it to, say, the population of 300 million people in the 
usa, and you can start to picture it.
this is a great comparison, because the creation of that money out of thin 
air was a currency debasement by that amount of money (inflation, in other 
words). and because it's a "taking" from dollar holders, that makes it a tax. 
how much was this tax per person?
divide 29 + 12 zeroes by 300 + 6 zeroes.the per capita tax is just under $97,000.

if "only" a $9 trillion counterfeiting operation, the tax would be only about 
$32,000 per capita. for a family of four, that would be $128,000. but it's not 
"only" $9 trillion. for a family of four, the damage is $388,000.

and now, with a little comparison, you can see just how egregious this 
stealing really is. no wonder that when woodrow wilson signed the federal 
reserve act, it wasn't by light of day. it was pretty much a cloak and dagger 
operation, and guess who got stabbed?
recent brainpower tip #2
one of the rare ways that tax dollars are spent intelligently is when they are 
spent on public libraries. the public library is an amazing resource.just two 
ways you can use your library to boost your brainpower:
watch nonfiction documentary videos (dvd or, depending on your library, 
	via download). i watch these fairly often, and it's amazing what you can 
	learn.listen to audio books (typically today, you download and listen on mp3 
	player). i can go to university while pulling weeds in my yard or doing 
	housework. i use this resource intensively.

your library is no doubt strapped for funds. help them out. here are some 
ways:
buy a movie they don't have. watch it, then donate it.consider volunteering. if you can spare a couple of hours for a couple 
	of evenings a week, they will have plenty for you to do.be careful with library collection items. handle dvds by their edges. 
	treat books with utmost care, and never eat or drink while reading them.don't reserve items that are already at your branch, unless the need is 
	urgent. this is poor impulse control. reserve items that are at other 
	branches, yes. but if you can't wait a few weeks for something, you have 
	discipline issues that create unnecessary work for others.watch your county government for wasteful spending, and object to it. 
	that means less cutting of the library budget if they listen and act 
	accordingly.see what's at your library and talk it up to friends and neighbors. the 
	more patrons a library has, the more political clout it has. my library, for 
	example, keeps usage and patronage statistics for budget justification. and 
	when that doesn't work, a few thousand phone calls from library patrons tend 
	to get the county board's attention.


  

save on gas costs |
	tornado 
tips | stupidity 
index | jokes |
	irs horror story

	obituaries: len lamendola obituary  |
	deborah j holt-restey obituary

	 

	 






sitemap | pages.txt
| copyright, mindconnection, llc








   

