



harvest warriors – reviving the warriors of god











































harvest warriorsreviving the warriors of god 




 dr. rebecca brown, m.d. and rev. daniel yoder

 ezekiel 37: 13-14

new: words from god
in spanish
about us
newsletter archives

thoughts
why serve jesus


tidbits from god’s word
a letter from god to his people
statement of faith
how to be saved
contact information

request speaking engagment


tax status

powered by genesisfound booklet
june 15, 2023 by daniel yoder 

today i found on rebecca’s computer a booklet she wrote but never printed or published. it got placed in the deleted items somehow. the booklet was written on june 15th 2020. i was looking through rebecca’s side of the computer and found it. i had no idea rebecca was writing it.
the name she called it was, “the spirit realm.” i am not going to add anything to it but will print and publish it as it is written. it is like a personal biography of rebecca’s, that she was writing. i am praying for the cover.
i pray i can get it done very soon. thank you for all your prayers and support. click here to purchase.
– daniel
“back in 1979 and 1980 when the lord first thrust me into heavy spiritual warfare, i was working as a physician, a hard headed scientist. i was having great difficulty understanding and accepting the reality or the invisible spiritual realm. oh, i accepted the reality of god, and even of angels, although i never thought about them much. but i just couldn’t come to grips with the reality of demon spirits and the fact that they can reach into our lives and into our physical realm and affect us so greatly. i had been raised to believe that witchcraft was pure fairy tales, stuff from walt disney cartoons. i knew the bible talked about demons, but if they were still here on earth in this modern scientific and technological age, i assumed they must be in places like africa, and then only in backward areas where modern day science hasn’t really made much of an impact.”
filed under: uncategorized in memory of rebecca
april 28, 2021 by daniel yoder 
official rebecca brown facebook page


filed under: home from daniel
april 28, 2021 by daniel yoder 
my friends, on tuesday, june 23, 2020, our beloved rebecca passed into the arms of our savior. while i’m saddened by our loss here on earth, i rejoice that heaven has gained a skilled and gifted warrior. through her discipleship, rebecca touched thousands of lives, preparing her for eternal servitude in our lord’s army of angels.
thanks to all who have reached out to express their condolences and share stories of rebecca’s influence. please keep our family and friends in your prayers as we celebrate her legacy and seek to continue her ministry in this life until we meet again in the next.
grace and peace,rev. daniel yoder
filed under: home, new special speaking engagements
april 28, 2021 by daniel yoder 
daniel is available for speaking engagements. he is a powerful prophet and evangelist with new and deep insights into the coming day of the lord. his prophetic messages on our facebook page have helped many. we are now scheduling for next year. don’t delay as our schedule will fill up quickly. you can contact us through the link below, or by phone at 501-723-4015, or by regular mail at:
harvest warriorsp.o. box 65clinton, ar 72031
filed under: home, new a note from rebecca
july 28, 2017 by harvest warriors i want to sincerely thank everyone who has helped and supported us during these past difficult months.  your gifts are especially appreciated because i have not be able to travel and minister since november, 2016 which has really hurt our finances.  we deeply appreciate your generosity to us and pray earnestly that our lord will richly bless you in return.  please forgive me for not writing to each one of you personally, but i have not been able to come to the office for a long time.
i had a bad fall which resulted in multiple fractures of several pelvic bones.  the pain has been so severe that i was completely unable to walk for 3 months, and have been greatly handicapped ever since.  i am right at 70 years old, and my bones heal very slowly because of severe osteoporosis.  i thank the lord that i am now able to come to the office part time, and am trying to catch up with everything.  i don’t have a staff or secretary or anyone to help me.  this is why i haven’t written to you and have been late in sending out orders from our web site.  i do ask your forgiveness for this.
lord willing, i plan to start traveling again next month. the lord has commanded me to help raise up 7 warring churches in each state.  please pray that he will open up the doors for this now that i am beginning to travel again. i am also starting a new section on our web site called “words from the lord.”  we pray that this will be a blessing to you.
daniel has been very busy.  he has reached out to the young men in our area and currently has a fast growing group of over 100.  they meet every week, and many more accept jesus each time. more and more are coming to the meetings from other states, and carrying the messages back with them. a few weeks ago daniel challenged the non-christian young men to a baseball game against the christians.  if the non-christians lost they were to sit and listen to daniel share the gospel for 20 minutes.  there was no admission fee, and free food was provided to everyone.  in addition to the players, there were over 250 spectators.  the christians won by a large amount.  everyone stayed to hear what daniel had to say, and 33 people came forward and got on their knees to ask jesus into their lives.  praise the lord!  daniel is training these young men to be watchmen on the wall.  (ezekiel 33:1-11)
we are deeply concerned with the direction our country has taken away from god, especially in the government.  we will be sharing with you practical ways you can war victoriously against satan to win souls.  but this is only done by christians getting up and out of their comfort zones to go out to the highways and byways to win the lost for the lord.  we believe the lord is giving america one last chance to turn from her wicked ways, but it all depends on what the christians do.  if we don’t turn things around, then god’s hand of judgment will swiftly come down on america.  be warned, god’s word says that “judgment begins in the house of the lord.”  (1 peter 4:17)
 
god bless you all.
with love in christ, rebecca    
filed under: uncategorized no longer doing formal newsletters
september 10, 2014 by harvest warriors tidbits from god’s word
the word tidbit means “a choice morsel of food.” this section will have short lessons from the scripture. we will be adding new ones several times a month. please let us know what you think of them.
filed under: home new books from harvest warriors by rebecca brown, m.d.
september 10, 2014 by harvest warriors led by rev. daniel yoder and his wife rebecca (brown) yoder, m.d. this dynamic couple minister together as a team to boldly teach biblical truths with an authority based on their own extensive and unique experiences. the goal of harvest warriors is to raise up an army for god in these last days, empowered and trained to do the spiritual warfare necessary to reap a bountiful harvest of souls for christ.
filed under: home speaking engagements
september 10, 2014 by harvest warriors rebecca normally travels and ministers two weeks out of each month. she is off line during those times. because of this, and the large number of e-mails she receives, her response to your e-mail may be delayed. thank you for your patience.
if you would like to request a speaking engagement for your church, please click here to visit our speaking engagements section to complete our request form.
filed under: home prayer requests
september 10, 2014 by harvest warriors as we have traveled and ministered, for the past 3 years or so, the lord has given us a promise. he instructed us to place a basket at the front of the church. people were then to write down their prayer requests over the duration of the meetings and bring them and place them in the basket. then, at the last meeting, we join together with all the people and lift the prayer requests up to god, anointing them with oil. god promised us that he would personally read every word written in those prayer requests and answer them. he did not promise that the answer would be “yes” to everything, but he would answer them. as we have done this, we have received many testimonies from people who have placed their prayer requests into the basket. many receive their answers even before they leave the meeting that particular night! [read more…]
filed under: home a spirit filled christian outreach…
september 10, 2014 by harvest warriors notice
– many have asked about our tidbits and newsletters. we have actually changed those over to my face book page. to keep up with what is going on in our ministry, please click on the following link to reach my face book page. official rebecca brown facebook page.
filed under: home 1
2
3
…
5
next page »

enter site
