





  


eastern generator sales & service inc.













































 





menu



home
services

24/7 emergency service
safety inspections


products

used equipment


rentals
about us

skilled & trained technicians


contact us
 

about us

skilled & trained technicians


services

safety inspections
24/7 emergency service


 

 


rentals
contact us








 












your company is the most reliable in service and maintenance.
dr. arthur balin - sally balin medical center for dermatology & cosmetic surgery



through years of contracts, i think that eastern generator is the best company out there to provide emergency service and help when needed.
david lucidi - brinton manor



we would (and do) recommend eastern generator to ail our friends in the fire service.
bob clancy - deputy chief south media fire company



prompt attention to all of our service needs. we appreciate your commitment and look forward to our continued relationship.
donald dukert - marriott quadrangle



eastern generator has always offered prompt and reliable service.
edward walsh - foxridge farm homeowner association



our generators are in almost daily use for long hours. we depend on them, and we have always gotten much more than normal life expectancy. i know where i’ll go for my next generator if our current one doesn’t outlast me.
robert c. purrenhage - head of bookmobile services chester county library



when our building was hit by lightning, it wiped out all phones, radios, computers. even the generator took a hit. eastern worked through the night to get us back on line. eastern is a company you want on your side.
bob gallagher - county of delaware 911



‘over the past 14 years, our situation required extensive research for some unusual applications… the eastern crew always pulled through.”
anthony cambria - professional health services



all the other contractors i tried were either non-responsive or overpriced. eastern generator responded promptly. their installation crew was courteous and efficient (not to mention neat!) i’ve been very pleased and so has the rest of the board.
patricia pitzer - drexel hill baptist church



i was very pleased with the service eastern provided to me. the difference … is service.
duncan devore - exodus technology




contact us now to schedule a free consultation: 










your name (required)
  
 your email (required)  
 


 or call 610-237-1990 





eastern generator’s only business is (and always has been) generators – making sure our customers have the power they need, whenever and wherever they need it.
since 1984, when we began as a generator service company, we’ve built our business on the power of customer satisfaction. personal, professional service remains our top priority today as our factory-trained technicians service thousands of generators of virtually all makes and sizes. we sell a wide variety of new and reconditioned generators, not just one or two brands.
our customers get the best system and value for their needs. with eastern generator, you’re not just buying a generator-from site assessment and system recommendations, to installation and testing, through maintenance and service, you’re getting the reliability of standby power that kicks in the instant you need it. for power and people you can depend on, call on eastern.
generators are our only business. don’t be fooled by fly by night companies that don’t invest in their technicians or provide cutting edge technology.
we proudly serve the greater philadelphia area including: delaware county, chester county, montgomery county, philadelphia county, new castle county, burlington county, camden county, gloucester county, salem county, ocean county and atlantic county







about us

 


your turnkey source for reliable standby power eastern generator’s only business is (and always has been) generators – making sure read more


job opportunities

 


  work with us!       eastern generator’s only business is and always has been emergency power – making sure our read more


resources

 


  we have created a list of some great resources you can use to plan or manage your emergency backup read more


welcome

 


the whole point of standby power is reliability. keeping a business or service running has enough headaches. eastern generator makes read more



 
 we proudly service and install the following manufacturer's equipment:

 



© 2025 eastern generator sales & service inc.made with love by rentasmartguy.com.
















