
























goldsboro family ymca | the y. for a better us.™














































skip to main content











manage my account
donate
register for programs

 


 (919) 778-8557 
 1105 parkway drive
goldsboro, nc 27534
 
 hours today:  5:00 am-8:30 pm   
 all hours




goldsboro family ymca hours
sun: closedmon: 5:00 am-8:30 pm tue: 5:00 am-8:30 pm wed: 5:00 am-8:30 pm thu: 5:00 am-8:30 pm fri: 5:00 am-8:30 pm sat: 7:00 am-6:00 pm 




child watch hours
sun: closedmon: 4:30 pm-7:30 pm tue: 4:30 pm-7:30 pm wed: 4:30 pm-7:30 pm thu: 4:30 pm-7:30 pm fri: 4:30 pm-7:30 pm sat: closed



×
  


 






goldsboro family ymca


goldsboro family ymcamembershipjoin the ymembership benefitsmembership applicationfinancial assistancechild watchmembership hold requestsbe our guest!try the y passnationwide membershipguest passesmilitary membershipscorporate membershipabout usareas of impactyouth developmenthealthy livingsocial responsibilityour partnersleadership staffemploymentlocation & hoursturkey trot racecommunity impacthunger initiativesmobile marketssfsp & cacfpbecome a volunteerwelcome week | semana de bienvenidaschedulesprogramsactive older adultsaquaticscertification coursesswim lessonsafter school carehealth & wellnessteen mental health resources​personal trainingyouth sports​rentals and partiessummer campsupport the yreasons to givedonate todayshare your story
more



search form

search 


search





 











swim lesson registrations now open!click here to learn more
×

























ga4 scripts

 





goldsboro family ymca















  


secure your spot today!
register here

  

  


swim lesson registration
now open! 
click here

  

  


teen mental health resources 
learn more

  

  


register for all day childcare!
click here

  

  


join the swim team today!
learn more here!

  

  


volunteer today!
click here

 


previous next 






 

 


membership
welcome to your y. 
your membership means so much more! when you join the goldsboro family ymca you become part of a community. whether you are an adult looking for a new fitness challenge and support to reach your goals, or a family looking for a great place to get spend quality time together, a senior looking for a place to stay active and engaged, or a teen who wants to give back, your y is here for you.
who are y members? they are people just like you, with different careers and skills, hopes and dreams, desires and needs. and the y’s here for all of you.
be part of a cause-driven organization committed to nurturing kids, supporting healthy lifestyles and giving back. with so many programs offered for all ages and backgrounds, we are providing so many opportunities to stay healthy, active and engaged in the communities we serve and strengthen.  by joining the y, you can experience all of the benefits and privileges of membership. join our community family, create meaningful change in your life and others. make new friends.
together, we make a difference.



 


 

 


exercise schedules
find your perfect fit!
as a member of the y, you are given full access to all of our group exercise and water fitness classes. classes range from beginner to advanced. 
try our new mossa on demand: mossa on demand gives you the highest quality workouts anytime, anywhere. with decades of experience developing professional fitness programs, mossa's team delivers workouts that guarantee results for everyone from brand new exercisers to serious athletes. the mossa team designs each workout with options and modifications so you can choose the intensity and challanges that are just right for you. try every workout you want and select your favorites to create your own personalized fitness playlist. combine cardio and strength programs to maximize results! work out from the comfort of your own home-on your tv, on your computer, or download the app.  try free workouts here.
stay informed via this page or download the goldsboro family ymca mobile app for up-to-date schedules about group exercise. if you have any questions regarding group exercise classes, contact our welcome desk at 919-778-8557 or communications@goldsboroymca.org


 



 


 

 


support the y
bettering our community, together.
the y is a powerful association of men, women and children of all ages, and from all walks of life, joined together by a shared passion: to strengthen the foundation of community.
when you give back and support the y, you continue to strength the foundation of our community. as the nation’s leading non-profit for youth development, healthy living and social responsibility, the y uses your gift to make a meaningful, enduring impact right in your own neighborhood.
problems viewing the donation info below? click here to load the page in a new window.




 








news & events 





18feb 

february blood drive (basketball courts)register here! 







31dec 

2024 end of year contribution letterdear members, donors, and friends of the goldsboro family ymca, as we reflect on this past year, we are filled with immense gratitude for the unwavering support and commitment from our members, donors, and friends like you. your dedication has... 







01nov 

town hall update 2024greetings goldsboro ymca community, thank you for joining us at our recent town hall meetings and for your honesty and frankness in addressing issues and problems that exist at the goldsboro family ymca. i trust that you left the meeting... 







06sep 

seasonal operational hoursdear members and guests, we hope this message finds you well. after careful consideration and analysis of our operations, we have decided to implement seasonal operational hours and close on sundays, effective september 15th. 2024 and will return to extended... 





 





 



















mission statement
the goldsboro family ymca, founded on christian principles, is a charitable organization with an inclusive environment committed to enriching the quality of family, spiritual, social, mental and physical well-being.
 

quick linksour mission
schedules
manage my account 

givevolunteer

contact usemployment

 


connect



 




goldsboro family ymca © 2025  





