




home on the ranches.org








        

wrong minded cloud seeding  costs 
ranches hard prayed for rain   
 
click on brand to link 
			to ranch information.


   

    
  

 
          
   
      
     

  

home on the ranches







night burning on the ja in lower plains. 
 
 



greg stevens 
waiting to begin the round-up on xl.  photo by
a.c. kandler
ranches.org is home for several family owned texas

panhandle ranches.  these cattle companies are committed to improving 
ranching, maintaining 
a diversity of wildlife and flora, while producing a quality beef product and 
sustainable profit 
for the owners.  particular care is given to stocking rates, pasture resting 
and water.   grass and water are a rancher's assets.   both 
are renewable and allow continuous production of a high quality protein, if a rancher 
takes care of them.  ranchers are temporary stewards of the land and the livestock 
and their survival depends upon quality care of both.
our ranching families are committed to the land.   
the oldest was established in 1876, the first ranch in the texas panhandle, and 
the family has operated it ever since.   while we are committed to the 
land in the same way our grandparents and great grandparents were, we are also 
committed to using science to provide for the land and the livestock in the best 
way possible.   we can not understand those who speak of using modern 
tools negatively and call us factory farmers.   we would challenge 
them to come with us to calve heifers in freezing weather or to help us pull a 
cow out of a boggy tank during a drought.   anyone who makes a living 
from cattle, whether a corporation or a fifth generation rancher working on the 
same ranch his or her ancestors worked knows that if you don't care for the 
livestock, you will not survive yourself.   the meaningless idea of 
factory farming comes from folks who do not work day to day with livestock.   
it is a death of a salesman 
type of idea worked up in the minds of people who miss the agrarian way of life.    
agricultural land is shrinking in the world and the population is increasing.   
it gives us joy to provide an economical, 
high quality protein (beef) from a renewable resource (grass) that has no other value to 
humans.   
 
those who speak poorly of production agriculture are being elitists.   
if we restrict the amount of high quality beef we produce, it will make it less 
available to those without resources.   there is good scientific 
evidence that beef with it's bioavailable protein, iron and zinc enhances 
cognitive development in children.    restricting access to beef 
is perpetuating the underclass and that is certainly not consistent with our 
idea of how to improve america.
a ranch, to survive, has to be sustainable agriculture.    
the ranches that are part ranches.org may state their mission statement a little 
differently, but it is "to produce a consistent profit while improving the asset 
of the ranch."   our grandfathers had the same mission when they were 
stewards of the land and that is why their ranches grew are still remain in our 
families.   we are grateful to their willingness to adapt as times 
changed and that they taught us to do the same.
a fifth grade class in east brunswick, nj, recently wrote us about with lots 
of questions about our ranch.   click here for our
answer.
still, we don't forget that a ranch is just dirt.  
grass comes 
with help from above.  
success comes 
with hard work, luck and care.


i will provide grass in the fields for your cattle, and you will 
eat and be satisfied.  deuteronomy 11:15




yearlings in the gaut pasture of the exell ranch.















click on ranch or feedyard for more information
 



windmill's on the ja--taken by
lisa freeland
corsino, the ja, the lx and
jjob all participate in trio, producing 
high quality angus bulls for their own use.



dale 
smith and our new horse fancier--clara
commercial hunting for
turkey, mule 
deer, aoudad, quail 
and white-tailed deer has become more important to ranching 
and we manage both for wildlife and cattle and find them very compatable.
panhandle cattlemen,
wildflowers,  brazilian free-tailed

bats and
wildlife.
the reckless cloud seeding 
experiment in the panhandle.
an intern reflects on his 
summer on the ranch.


horses at ja--taken by 
leigh ann stout

commercial hunting            

 horses  

 



 henry, nolan, 
nico & henry  have joined our crew.
the ranches hold a horse clinic.  sample 
remuda bloodlines: ja.
look up the research project on rio grande 
turkey.
paleontology at the swamp.
ranches:  swamp, exell,
ja, circle,
seewald, 

turkey track.
send mail to jay@ranches.org with 
questions or comments.
links to other cattle related sites
texas panhandle prescribed burn association
legal notice
o'brien genealogy 










around a million acres burned 
in march of 2006.   we used our experience with controlled 
burns to start a backfire, controlling the wildfire before it destroyed the 
whole donley county ranch.  photos of wildfire.
 


see lisa freeland's incredible
photographs of the ja.


 



the ranches group has 
been computerized since the mid '70's.   dale smith has taken ranch 
computers to a new level.   cowboys often say, that sh__y computer.  
here it is.

