








	home




















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).





toggle navigation








defense threat reduction agency 


                        defense threat reduction agency 
                    






search


search defense threat reduction agency: 


search




search defense threat reduction agency: 


search











home
		


about



dtra leadership
            


dtra history
            


mission
            


strategic initiatives
            


agency financial report
            




careers & opportunities



your civilian career
            


your military career
            


welcome aboard
            




business



dtra contract award data
            


office of small business
            


mentor protege program
            




news & media



press center
            




contact us
		


joint operations center
		
















new! director's
strategic intent
strategic
initiatives
dtra
directorates



















congratulations to the dtra team at the hqc holiday tree lighting celebration! hr work/life balance (1st) & cpr division (3rd) in door decor + isaac lynn taking 2nd in ugly sweater contest!








congratulations mr. burton post!








dtra’s director rebecca hersman recently visited the royal united services institute 

read the article









mr. hunter lutinski congratulates ms. teresa kless on her recent promotion to senior executive service.








dtra albuquerque opens new facility at ribbon cutting ceremony on kirtland air force base

read the press release 


















our mission
our mission




deter
strategic attacks against the
united states and its allies


prevent
reduce, and counter wmd and
emerging threats


prevail
against wmd-armed adversaries
in crisis and conflict

















dtra
leadership
dtra
history




quicklinks






joint operations center



 



rfi requests



















quick links



operating
status
 

small
business hub
 

press
center
 
 










 












news







                        tree lighting ceremony marks the start of hqc holiday season
                        
                    

                        employees from across the mcnamara headquarters complex filled the halls and lined the rails for the annual holiday tree lighting ceremony dec.10.
                        









news







                        48th fighter wing, allies conduct arms control, verification exercise 
                        
                    

                        military members of the italian and danish arms control and verification agencies, along with representatives from the u.s. defense threat reduction agency, u.s. department of state, u.s. army europe and africa, and u.s. air forces in europe – air forces africa, visited the 48th fighter wing nov. 26.
                        









news







                        dtra trains indonesian military on epidemiology and health security
                        
                    

                        the defense threat reduction agency’s (dtra) biological threat reduction program (btrp) conducted an intermediate epidemiology health security training for indonesian armed forces tentara nasional indonesia (tni) clinical and laboratory professionals from september 17th to 19th 2024. the event was held at rsal dr. ramelan navy hospital in surabaya, indonesia, and provided 30 indonesian personnel an expanded understanding of epidemiology principles and best practices, including skills that can be immediately applied at individual tni military medical facilities. the training event incorporated lectures, interactive sessions, breakout group exercises, epidemiological analysis mentorship sessions and was part of a series of events which established an in-house cadre of trainers that will increase tni training capacity and sustainability.
                        









news







                        dtra and government of armenia strengthen partnership with culminating ftx
                        
                    

                        members of the defense threat reduction agency (dtra) in continued partnership with the government of armenia (goam), conducted a five-day, multiple-location, counter-weapons of mass destruction field training exercise (ftx) sept. 19-24 throughout  armenia. 
                        









        more
        











 



beholder's gaze 2024
the chem biodefense program and u.s. indopacom conducted beholders gaze 2024. this dtra-jsto supported experiment is performed to ensure the jointforce can effectively integrate innovative operational concepts with innovative technologies to better detect and understand emerging chemical and biological threats.
 



































press center







dtra leaders




brochure

 



















atomic veterans commemorative service medal

the secretary of defense established the atomic veterans commemorative service medal (avcsm) to commemorate the service and sacrifice of veterans instrumental in the development of our nation's atomic and nuclear weapons programs.
 
learn more
































facebook
 



dtra twitter




director's twitter
 


 
linkedin




instagram
 



youtube
 




follow us on social media
 

















about dtra
dtra provides cross-cutting solutions to enable the department of defense, the united states government, and international partners to deter strategic attack against the united states and its allies; prevent, reduce, and counter wmd and emerging threats; and prevail against wmd-armed adversaries in crisis and conflict.  


learn more

news & media»
news articles»
operating status»
careers and opportunities»
directions to dtra»
dtra operations center»
foia/privacy»
equal employment opportunity (eo) office»
accessibility»
ig hotline »
no fear act data»
information quality»



connect with us
             

more links

usa.gov»
dtra careers»
open government»
plain writing»
dod »
privacy policy»
508 accessibility»
external link disclaimer»
dod web policy»
dodm»





8725 john j. kingman rd., fort belvoir, va. 22060-6221
welcome to the defense threat reduction agency’s website. if you are looking for the official source of information about the dod web policy, please visit https://dodcio.defense.gov/dod-web-policy/. the defense threat reduction agency is pleased to participate in this open forum in order to increase government transparency, promote public participation, and encourage collaboration. please note that the defense threat reduction agency does not endorse the comments or opinions provided by visitors to this site. the protection, control, and legal aspects of any information that you provided to establish your account or information that you may choose to share here is governed by the terms of service or use between you and the website. visit the defense threat reduction agency contact page at contact us for information on how to send official correspondence.
site map »
 


























stay connected


















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil












