






cumberland county technical education center





























 
















{"text":"welcome to cctec • college & career readiness!  ","delay":"35"}




cumberland county technical education center facebook
cumberland county technical education center instagram
cumberland county technical education center twitter
cumberland county technical education center youtube


translate












+admissions»admissions booklet»admissions booklet (spanish)»admissions process»announcements»faq»information sessions»sesion de informacion+adult education»overview»policies» post graduate transcript request»register for a class+community»3/21-22 - grease»5/3 - car show»employer job lead notification form+district info»auction»bids & rfps»board of education»district policies»employment opportunities»harassment, intimidation, bullying»mission & values»non-discrimination»public notices»school budget+guidance»2024-2025 course description booklet»college transcript request»community resources»early college high school»guidance office»junior folder»mental health services»military careers»naviance»option ii»sat/act/psat/ap information»scholarships»school profile»senior folder»student career opportunities +parents»student ai integration»genesis parent portal»gifted and talented»resources»school cafe & school meals»school calendars»school newspaper»state testing schedule»staff directory+staff»aesop»genesis teacher login»internal facility request»oncourse»outlook email login»payroll portal»safe schools»social media request»staff apparel - land's end»staff digital pd library»staff recognition form»staff sign-up for district vehicle»tech/maintenance request+students»cctec safe»chromebook repair»clever»clubs»digital library»genesis student portal»handbooks»lunch menu»mental health services»student achievements»school newspaper»stopit»student career opportunities











skip to content
skip to menu























college & career readiness!





news &  announcements




 news and announcements 







                             foundation board wing bowl
                    

                        cctec foundation board excels at annual wing bowl in atlantic city
                    






                             nhs induction ceremony
                    

                        congratulations to the 66 students who were inducted into the cctec chapter of the national honor society.
                    






                             students of the month
                    

                        students are recognized for the month of december.
                    






                             cctec dedication ceremony
                    

                        the cctec foundation board was honored to receive a substantial donation from ken and renee (bonaccorsi) bull. this donation will provide annual scholarships for students pursuing careers within their cte field. tec had the privilege of honoring the bull and bonaccorsi families on december 18, 2024 with a dedication ceremony in two parts. mr. and mrs. bull chose to recognize the accomplishments of their parents in this dedication.
                    






                             holiday toy drive
                    

                        cctec's interact club's annual holiday toy drive.
                    






                             mr. cctec 2024
                    

                        aj denovellis is crowned mr. cctec!
                    






                             business partner of the year
                    

                        cctec recognizes the 2024-25 bussiness partner of the year!
                    






                             students of the month
                    

                        students are recognized for the month of november.
                    






                             student achievements
                    

                        1st marking period
                    






                             model congress in dc
                    

                        tec’s model congress team participated in the annual princeton model congress in washington, dc. senior aj denovellis was elected as president of this year’s congress.
                    






                             out of the darkness
                    

                        a community walk supporting suicide prevention.
                    






                             students of the month
                    

                        students are recognized for the month of october.
                    






                             senior sunrise
                    

                        the senior class of 2025 came together at the cctec turf field to watch the sunrise together for a symbolic start to their final year at cctec.
                    






                             students of the month
                    

                        students are recognized for the month of september.
                    






                             cctec fifth commencement
                    

                        congratulations to the class of 2024!
                    






                             scholarship ceremony
                    

                        congratulations to all the recipients who recieved a scholarship during the annual scholarship ceremony. the total number of scholarships awarded were over $190,000!
                    






                             from tec to princeton
                    

                        cctec student receives full scholarship to princeton university
                    






                             tec at skillsusa 
                    

                        last sunday, on april 28th, cctec's skillsusa chapter journeyed to trenton for an exciting awards ceremony. skillsusa, a prominent student organization nationwide, aims to cultivate the future generation of skilled workers.
                    






                             students of the month
                    

                        students are recognized for the month of april.
                    






                             nths induction ceremony
                    

                        congratulations to the 55 students who were inducted into the national technical honor society!
                    





show all


<
>











admissions
course catalog
food service
school calendar
student handbook




staff directory


the global leader in educating exceptional career & college ready students.
our mission is to provide each student a pathway into the global workforce with advanced educational options.
learn more










upcoming  events






upcoming events



feb
18





								cte week 
								






feb
19





								cte week 
								






feb
20





								cte week 
								






feb
21





								cte pep rally 
								





								cte week 
								





show calendar
show all












automotive  technology






construction  trades






cosmetology






culinary arts






engineering  technology






health science  & medicine






information  technology






innovation, design, and entrepreneurship






law  enforcement






studio production  & broadcasting






welding  technology








what makes cctec unique?




99%
graduation  rate


college  dual-enrollment  opportunities


56
members of the class of 2022 graduated with an associates degree


each program  guided by business &  industry partners


multiple 
state championships in skills usa & hosa


innovative, high-tech  learning spaces







stay connected




















cumberland county technical education center facebook


cumberland county technical education center (cctec)





cumberland county technical education center instagram



























				the john f. scarpa technical education center of cumberland county
              3400 college dr.vineland, nj 08360
             

             p:   (856) 451-9000 
             f:   (856) 453-1118
            



directions

cumberland county technical education center facebook 
cumberland county technical education center instagram
cumberland county technical education center twitter
cumberland county technical education center youtube



employment opportunities
board of education
harassment, intimidation, bullying
public notices






non-discrimination information
the cumberland county board of vocational education does not discriminate and prohibits discrimination in all of its programs and activities, as required by state and federal law. the following persons, as indicated, can be contacted regarding complaints of discrimination and inquiries regarding section 504, americans with disabilities act, title ix, and reasonable accommodations.


student accommodation requests

mr. william briggs, assistant principal

              2745 s. delsea drive
			  vineland, nj 08360
              wbriggs@cctecnj.org
              phone: (856) 451-9000
            

all requests for accommodations from cumberland county board of vocational education students, pursuant to section 504 or the ada, should be directed to mr. william briggs.


employee, guest, and visitor accommodation requests

mr. william briggs, assistant principal

              2745 s. delsea drive
			  vineland, nj 08360
              wbriggs@cctecnj.org
              phone: (856) 451-9000
            

all requests for accommodations from cumberland county board of vocational education employees, guests, and visitors, pursuant to section 504 or the ada, should be directed to mr. william briggs, the section 504 administrator and ada coordinator. all matters, other than student accommodation requests and complaints, also may be directed to mr. william briggs.


complaints

mr. andres lopez,
              director of school
              safety & security

              2745 s. delsea drive
			  vineland, nj 08360
              alopez@cctecnj.org
              phone: (856) 451-9000
            

all complaints of discrimination, including those concerning title ix, section 504, and the ada should be directed to mr. andres lopez.













powered by educational networks























×
click below to get your tickets














tuesday, february 18, 2025







