




st. mary's county library








































 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentst. mary's county libraryheader right
my account
faqs
contact us
get a library card

header right social
universal accesstranslationfacebookinstagramyoutube
header right search



search for:

search where:

the catalog
the site





read, listen, watch

search the catalog
ebooks and audiobooks
streaming movies, tv, and music
emagazines
washington post & wall street journal
search md libraries
suggest a title for purchase
recommended reading
book match
local newspaper archive


library services

get a library card
using your library card
mobile library and outreach services
curbside pickup
computers and printing
3d printing
meeting and study rooms
makerspace at leonardtown library
library of things
memory labs
exam proctoring
notary service


research and learn

all online resources
genealogy and local history
language learning
linkedin learning
job seeker’s toolkit
resources for grant seekers
computer and technology instruction
homework help
local newspaper archive


events

calendar
kids events
teen events
adult events
book discussions
computer and technology instruction


kids

kids events
virtual storytime
homework help
smart card
bookflix
recommended reading
500 by five
ready to read
resources for parents and educators


teens

teens at the library
teen events
100 books by graduation
homework help
smart card
recommended reading
resources for parents and educators


about us

locations and hours
library policies
library administration
board of library trustees
strategic plan
annual reports
perks partners
equity, diversity, and inclusion
donate to the library
jobs at the library
volunteer at the library
friends of the st. mary’s county library
st. mary’s county library foundation
community partners


 








meeting and study rooms

meeting rooms may be reserved for use by individuals, organizations, and businesses. study rooms at the lexington park and leonardtown libraries provide a quiet space for studying, small group discussions, tutoring, and other related activities.



a black history month special event

bright star theatre explores the life of dr. martin luther king, jr., from a young boy facing racism for the first time, to meeting his wife coretta, becoming a pastor, & leading a national movement. sunday, february 23, 2 p.m. at lexington park library.



become a perks partner!

st. mary’s county library is excited to announce perks partners - a new partnership opportunity for businesses! 







upcoming events

18febpurposeful play -- lexington park libraryjoin us for learning-based crafts, games, and activities  as we play our way to developing valuable school readiness skills such as fine motor control...18febget tech smart: drop-in -- leonardtown librarydrop in during this open session to get all your tech and computer skill questions answered!18febfirst time home buyer q&a -- lexington park libraryask the simple and difficult questions about buying a home. 
register for email/text reminders. walk-ins welcome!more events  

recent news

10febjob opportunity - pagejob closes at 12:00 am on february 23, 202527janst. mary’s county library announces pla digital literacy workshop and pla digital literacy navigators grantsst. mary’s county library will hold free basic computer classes at all three library locations.21jantwo smcl managers selected for maryland library leadership institutest. mary’s county library is happy to announce the selection of brittany cornish, charlotte hall library branch manager and amy dickinson, leonardto...more news  



 





keep in touch

subscribe to our newsletter



get our app






connect with us
universal accesstranslationfacebookinstagramyoutube





 


 
monday – thursday: 9 a.m. – 8 p.m.
friday – saturday: 9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
sunday: 1 – 5 p.m. (lexington park library only)
 
friends of the st. mary’s county library
st. mary’s county library foundation


 

locations
charlotte hall library
37600 new market rd., charlotte hall, md
301-884-2211
leonardtown library
23630 hayden farm lane, leonardtown, md
301-475-2846
lexington park library
21677 fdr blvd., lexington park, md
301-863-8188
mobile library schedule and services


 

quick links
my account
search the catalog
ebooks and audiobooks
search md libraries
online resources
perks partners
events
meeting rooms
mobile apps
mobile print service
donate to the library

 





contact us | privacy policy | accessibility


universal accesstranslationfacebookinstagramyoutube 

 














