

































































the columbus telegram | breaking news | read columbus, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-8°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



education



business



nation & world



last 24 hours



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




sports


high school



college



professional




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



guest/columnists




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



movies & tv



music



comics



games



contests & promotions



play



precious memories



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



people



pets



travel



precious memories



outdoors




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



subscribe



special sections




our publications


the columbus telegram



schuyler sun



the banner-press




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









-8°
cloudy
























        
        
            best of columbus 2025
















        
        
            lakeview's glendy, pilakowski, deanda qualify for state

lakeview senior eli pilakowski and juniors jack glendy and brandon deanda punched their tickets to the state tournament at saturday's district b-4 tournament at waverly.

















        
        
            scotus wrestling qualifies seven for state for highest total since 2016

scotus central catholic wrestling qualified seven wrestlers for the state tournament saturday as six prevailed through the consolation semifinals to give the shamrocks their largest state contingent in nine years.

















        
        
            shelby-rising city wrestling qualifies six for state, wins three district titles

shelby-rising city wrestling qualified another large contingent to the state wrestling tournament on saturday, sending six to omaha with three winning district titles.

















        
        
            columbus boys wrestling takes a-4 district runner-up title, sends 12 wrestlers to state

columbus wrestling hosted districts saturday and the discoverers finished as the team runner-up along with getting 12 wrestlers to state.  

















        
        
            david city wrestling punch seven tickets to state, capture district title

david city wrestling captured its first district title in four years saturday at tekamah-herman, qualifying seven scouts for state.

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            diabetes and heart health


















        
        
            lakeview girls wrestling enters state with championship aspirations


















        
        
            roger kent oppliger















                
                the latest



















        
        
            columbus neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published in the columbus telegram 





















        
        
            columbus neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in the columbus telegram 





















        
        
            columbus neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in the columbus telegram 




















        
        
            diabetes and heart health

a person with diabetes is twice as likely to have a heart attack or stroke, compared to someone who doesn't.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            best of columbus 2025




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains




















        
        
            southwest airlines to cut 15% of corporate workforce amid struggles




















        
        
            new affordable housing and community spaces coming to highbridge




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            wilson moore's big ten men's basketball rankings, february 18

nebraska’s week included an expected loss to maryland and a stunning, monumentally important win over northwestern. here are the latest big ten men's basketball rankings, which debuts a new no. 1.




















        
        
            matt rhule further unpacks spring game decision, stumps for big ten, sec on josh pate show

nebraska's matt rhule discussed how the college football landscape should change in an interview with josh pate. "the 40 or 50 teams who are willing to truly make the commitment... i'd like to see those teams all come together."




















        
        
            'put on a show': nebraska wrestlers flex on senior day to dominate indiana

the huskers left little to chance on senior day, dominating indiana for their largest margin of victory in a dual this season.




















        
        
            cold offense dooms nebraska baseball in loss to grand canyon

nebraska baseball's offense went cold, and grand canyon eventually took advantage to send the huskers heading back to the snowy north after their first close loss of the year.












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












sponsored








        
        
            building the future: bonnavilla and progressive builders partner to address nebraska’s workforce housing shortage

content by bonnavilla. in an effort to tackle nebraska’s growing workforce housing shortage, bonnavilla has partnered with progressive builders of norfolk, nebraska, to construct a new modular home in schuyler.












sponsored








        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            platte township



                                        2020 45 1/2 road, linwood, ne 68036
                                    






























        
        
            sears hometown stores



                                        4302 23rd street, columbus, ne 68601
                                    



 website






















        
        
            hilger daniel



                                        po box 38, bellwood, ne 68624
                                    
















                
                latest local offers
                
                    













super saver grocery & pharmacy





        
        
            super saver sweet savings














super saver grocery & pharmacy





        
        
            super saver sweet savings














super saver grocery & pharmacy





        
        
            super saver sweet savings










                
                print ads
                
            






















other





        
        
            wes ewasiuk - ad from 2025-02-16
























jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15







































×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


the banner-press

schuyler sun

lincoln journal star

beatrice daily sun

fremont tribune

get healthy




services


subscriber

rss

contact us

e-edition

work here

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the columbus telegram, 1254 27th ave. columbus, ne 68601
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































