






capitalism: a treatise on economics














the intellectual voice of capitalism 
				on the internet
the jefferson school of philosophy, 
				economics, and psychology










literature and 
					lectures by edith packer, george reisman, and others



reisman's blog


reisman's
					essays 
					and 
news commentaries



library of liberty



the jefferson school mission statement










home



join our mailing 
					list 


e-mail us




					tjs contact information and customer policies



tjs accepts 
					credit cards


view cart









 

				reisman's program of self-education in the economic theory and 
				political philosophy of capitalism 2.4, 
on cds, in 
				mp3 format.








capitalism:
a treatise on 
				economics
by
george reisman








the clearest and most 
				comprehensive contemporary defense of the capitalist economic 
				system available

click on 
				image or description above to bring up the complete text in pdf.





literature and 
				lectures by edith packer, george reisman, and others







online guide to reisman's 
					program (viewing only)




					capitalism:

					short-answer q&a supplement (viewing only
 



introduction 
					to reisman's theory of profit/interest 

					(a slide show with oral commentary accompanying each slide.)








noble vision, a novel by genevieve 
				lagreca






now available in paperback 

 






ludwig von 
					mises's human action
in pdf, courtesy of bettina bien greaves and 
					laissez-faire books









the full on-line 
					text of other  major works by von mises and other 
					defenders of capitalism















interactive 
					bibliography from reisman's capitalism
(click on a title and the book comes up at amazon.com)


an 
				important message concerning ordering.








links to other 
					websites








												 

												 



september 29, 2021 is the 
												140th birthday of ludwig von 
												mises, the greatest economist 
												and defender of capitalism in 
												the history of economic thought.
												



												click 
												here to read reisman's 
												tribute to him.



capitalism is  now 
												available as a 2-volume 
												paperback from amazon.com

												 



												from now on, all orders for 
												capitalism must go through 
												amazon.com at 



												https://amzn.to/3kd4y39

												 


be sure to see reisman's latest book:


												marxism/socialism, a sociopathic
												philosophy, conceived in gross 
												error and
												ignorance, culminating in 
												economic
												chaos, enslavement, terror,
												and mass murder 


												available



												in both kindle and paperback 
												formats
								               


								***

reisman is on 
								              twitter

search 
								under @ggreisman

click 
								"all" for latest tweets
								 



												     



exclusively at amazon.com



												edith packer's 







lectures on  psychology:



a guide to understanding 
													your emotions


												all of dr. packer's pamphlets 
												together in a book. kindle 
													format: $9.99; paperback: 
													$19.95

all of her lectures are now also
                                                available individually at just
                                                99 cents each.
 






												 



												george reisman's kindle books

reisman 
												now has 20 titles on amazon.com 
												in kindle format. most are just 
												99 cents.
												click
												    here 
												to see the complete list.



												*****


why nazism was socialism and 
													why socialism is 
													totalitariana 
													lecture in mp3 format. to 
													download, right click on the 
													link and then choose "save 
													target as...." (note: 
													this lecture was 
													omitted from 
													reisman's lectures and speeches on 
													economics and politics 
													1967-2007 because of 
													lack of space on the cds.) 



								 


capitalism:a treatise on economics

								bygeorge reisman


													now available in both kindle 
													and paperback versions at
								                    amazon.com.
								 







                                        					the
              clearest and most
                                        comprehensive defense of the
                                        capitalist economic system available


1096 pp. hardcover 


										open your acrobat reader and
										                  browse through the entire book now
                                              in pdf and see the wealth of original
            economic theories and irrefutable logical arguments it offers in
            defense of economic freedom and laissez-faire capitalism. the
            book is on line in its entirety, here on this web site, in one large, fully searchable pdf 
										file, with all entries in the table of 
										contents and lists of figures and tables 
										hyperlinked to the material to which 
										they refer. feel free to download the 
										file to your hard drive and look through 
										it at your leisure. 
										unlike the cd-rom edition, however, the 
										online version does not allow printing 
										or copying and pasting.


 
 






buy now   
										                    




															description 



endorsements



table of 
										contents






chapter 1 in html



chapter 20 in html



complete book in 
										pdf



										 

										 

										 



										 

										 

										 





															fall/winter 
 prices





										buy now



										 

										 

										 




 













capitalism 
															the hardcopy. price:
															$95. price 
															includes shipping 
															and handling 
															worldwide. 
for california residents, a 
																		7.75% sales tax applies to the $95 purchase price.






















capitalism 
																is also 
																available on 
																amazon com in 
																kindle format.





description of capitalism: a treatise on economics

aimed at both the intelligent layman and the professional economist, and written in
    language that both can understand, this book is the most comprehensive and intellectually
    powerful explanation of the nature and value of laissez-faire capitalism that has ever
    been written. it represents a twofold major integration of truths previously discovered by
    other writers, combined with numerous original contributions made by the author himself.
    within economic theory, it integrates leading ideas of the austrian school with needlessly
    abandoned doctrines of the british classical school. it further integrates such
    reconstituted economic theory with essential elements of ayn rand's philosophy of
    objectivism. (the austrian school has been the main school of procapitalist economic
    thought since 1871; von mises is its most important member, followed by böhm-bawerk. the
    british classical school was the main school of procapitalist economic thought prior to
    1871; adam smith and david ricardo are its most important members.)
on the foundation of these integrations, dr. reisman is able to develop the numerous
    major original contributions that the book presents on the subjects of profits, wages,
    saving, capital accumulation, aggregate economic accounting, monopoly, and natural
    resources, among other vital subjects. based on the same foundation, the book presents the
    most powerful critiques of marx, keynes, the pure-and-perfect competition doctrine, and
    environmentalism to be found anywhere.
a leading part of its trenchant economic analysis is a consistent demonstration of the
    natural harmony of the rational self-interests of all men under capitalism—of
    businessmen and wage earners, of consumers and producers, of men of all races and
    nationalities, including immigrants and the native born, and of competitors of all levels
    of ability—consonances most will find astonishing, given the prevailing
    misunderstandings of capitalism in the present day.
the book's importance and appeal to a general audience are evident in its description
    of prevailing attitudes toward capitalism and its challenge to learn why they are all
    completely wrong and the cause of self-destructive political behavior on a massive scale.
    for those with the intellectual courage to accept a challenge of having many of their
    firmest and most cherished beliefs reduced by unanswerable logic to the status of dark-age
    superstitions, here are some of the beliefs that reisman's book demolishes: the profit
    motive is the cause of starvation wages, exhausting hours, sweatshops, and child labor; of
    monopolies, inflation, depressions, wars, imperialism, and racism. saving is hoarding.
    competition is the law of the jungle. economic inequality is unjust and the legitimate
    basis for class warfare. economic progress is a ravaging of the planet and, in the form of
    improvements in efficiency, a cause of unemployment and depressions. war and destruction
    or additional peacetime government spending are necessary to prevent unemployment under
    capitalism. economic activity other than manual labor is parasitical. businessmen and
    capitalists are recipients of "unearned income" and are "exploiters."
    the stock and commodity markets are "gambling casinos"; retailers and
    wholesalers are "middlemen," having no function but that of adding
    "markups" to the prices charged by farmers and manufacturers; advertisers are
    inherently guilty of fraud—the fraud of attempting to induce people to desire the
    goods that capitalism showers on them, but that they allegedly have no natural or
    legitimate basis for desiring. (these are all common accusations that are bandied about
    again and again ad nauseam, in the media, in novels and plays, in classrooms and lecture
    halls.)
on the basis of such mistaken beliefs, reisman shows, "people turn to the
    government: for ‘social justice'; for protection and aid, in the form of labor and
    social legislation; for reason and order, in the form of government ‘planning.' they
    demand and for the most part have long ago obtained: progressive income and inheritance
    taxation; minimum-wage and maximum-hours laws; laws giving special privileges and
    immunities to labor unions; antitrust legislation; social security legislation; public
    education; public housing; socialized medicine; nationalized or municipalized post
    offices, utilities, railroads, subways, and bus lines; subsidies for farmers, shippers,
    manufacturers, borrowers, lenders, the unemployed, students, tenants, and the needy and
    allegedly needy of every description."
reisman's book flies in the face of all such anticapitalistic ideas and demands. its
    thesis is that never have so many people been so ignorant and confused about a subject so
    important, as most people now are about economics and capitalism. it argues that in its
    logically consistent form of laissez-faire capitalism—that is, with the powers of
    government limited to those of national defense and the administration of
    justice—capitalism is a system of economic progress and prosperity for all, and is a
    precondition of world peace. following an exhaustive economic analysis of virtually every
    aspect of capitalism, the book's concluding chapter is devoted to the presentation of a
    long-range political-economic program for the achievement of a fully capitalist society.
because its advocacy of capitalism is based in large measure on the author's own,
    original contributions to economic theory, this is a book that the professional economist
    can profit from as much as the general reader. for it is sure to constitute as wide and
    profound a challenge to the theoretical preconceptions of today's economists as it does to
    the political preconceptions of today's laymen.
almost the length of a volume of the encyclopedia britannica in terms both of number of
    pages and content per page, the book incorporates in little more than three of its twenty
    chapters an updated and expanded version of the material presented in dr. reisman's
    previous book the government against the economy.
simply put, capitalism:
a treatise on economics is the philosophically
    and intellectually strongest book in the defense of laissez-faire capitalism that can be
    found anywhere in the world at the present time. it is state of the art in economic theory
    and political philosophy. at the same time, however, it can serve as a textbook
    (introductory, intermediate, or advanced), in which capacity it provides a complete and
    effective alternative and antidote to what is taught in such texts as samuelson and all
    the samuelson clones and will educate professors as well as students.
the intelligent, open-minded reader who seeks to understand the 
		economics and politics of the modern world (along with much of its 
		closely related history and social and cultural phenomena), and what is 
		required to improve mankind's lot in these two vital areas, need look no 
		further than to this book. reading it is an essential requirement for 
		understanding and improving the modern world.


back to top



here is what prominent readers and
    publications say aboutcapitalism: a treatise on economics
"reisman's exposure of modern mercantilist
    fallacies takes its place alongside that of adam smith." 
- james buchanan,nobel laureate in economics, 1986 
												              
"a 
												              magnum opus on the nature of capitalism, one that has
    depth, breadth, foresight and style. it is a book on economics that stands head and
    shoulders above all others as a monumental tribute to the human capacity to engage in
    productive work and the moral worth of a system of principles wherein such work is fully
    appreciated. while detailed and touching on nearly every possible nuance of the subject,
    this is a very readable book which anticipates all the questions and objections educated,
    thoughtful people may have about an economic system
    that has not been given its full and proper due by anyone before reisman took up the task.
    ludwig von mises would be gratified to know how one of his students has carried forth the
    task he began."
- tibor machan,professor of philosophy,auburn university

"reisman develops powerful and highly original theories of
    aggregate profit and interest, savings and capital accumulation, wages, and aggregate
    economic accounting. at once an introductory, intermediate, and advanced text, as well as
    a mine of information on current political and economic issues, capitalism advances
    economic theory by several leagues and paves the way for a genuine twenty-first century
    liberalism."
- jerry kirkpatrick,professor of marketing,california state polytechnic university 
												              
"reisman's 
												              capitalism is the most rigorous and
    relentless case for laissez-faire capitalism written in our time. it is both a brilliant
    rebuttal of the charges against the market order and a discerning master plan for the
    restoration of capitalism."
- hans sennholz,president,foundation for economic education 
												              
"reisman has compiled one of the best
    defenses of the economics and morality of liberty i've seen written in recent years."
      											              
- walter e. williams,professor of economics,george mason university

"for two full academic years prior to its publication i had
    the fortunate opportunity to use working manuscripts of capitalism as primary
    readings for my graduate business economics classes at johns hopkins university. the
    student response has been overwhelmingly positive. capitalism's value as a treatise
    that provides a comprehensive, logically consistent view of the economic world cannot be
    overstated. it is brilliantly structured and offers the best integration of important new
    economic insights and time-tested truths available anywhere." 
- robert d. miller,lecturerjohns hopkins university

"the most important tome about austrian economics since
    ludwig von mises' human action and murray rothbard's man, economy, and state."
      											              
- 1997 foundation for economic education book catalogue

"a sweeping and compelling case for the free market, which,
    as professor reisman shows, is the key to civilization."
- llewellyn h. rockwell, jr.,president,ludwig von mises institute 
												              
"there are only a few truly great economic classics.
    reisman's capitalism takes its place among them as the leading defense of
    capitalism. . . . reisman has taken a complex subject and made it understandable. in my
    experience, students who have read this work come away believing that economic principles
    are important and that economics actually makes sense."
- george a. mangiero,associate professor of economics,iona college 
												              
"george reisman's 
												              capitalism is
    probably the most remarkable textbook written by any economist in this century. it is a
    book that will broaden the horizons of economics students at the same time that it
    challenges and provokes their professors. it is, quite simply, must reading for anyone
    interested in economics." 
- larry j. sechrest,associate professor of economics,sul ross state university 
												              
"george reisman has written a profound, often brilliant
    work, full of fascinating and valuable insights, wisdom and vision. it is seldom that i
    find myself underlining or putting exclamation points in the margins of nearly every page
    of a book. . . . i have learned much from reisman's magnum opus and recommend it highly to
    all readers who want to expand their vision of economic reality." 


- mark skousen, adjunct professor of economics and financerollins college 
														          


"a synthesis of austrian and classical
    economics, including refutations of all the leading fallacies of our era." 
												              

-
 liberty tree review and catalog


"dr. reisman has accumulated new evidence,
    building on adam smith and von mises to give us the economic masterwork of our age. . . . 
												              capitalism
    is meant to be a lifetime companion." 
- 
												               conservative book club


"an expositon and defense of
    capitalism on a par with those of mises and hayek . . . ." 

- the free radical


"reisman's ringing manifesto for laissez-faire capitalism
    free of all government influence is at once a conservative polemic and a monumental
    treatise, brimming with original theories, that is remarkable for its depth, scope and
    rigorous argument." 

- 
publishers weekly (click to see the full text of this review)

"overall, capitalism is a book you
    would want in your library if you want to know what a consistent, intelligent advocate of
    capitalism would say on almost any economic issue." 
- 
fortune
(click to see the full text of this review)

"reisman offers the most comprehensive defense of
    capitalism ever written. . . capitalism is a classic."
- 
the freeman
(click to
    see the full text of this review) 




												- 
												see numerous readers' reviews at 
												amazon.com
												(press back button to return 
												from amazon.com)



back to top

below is the contents of the book in brief (part and chapter headings only).

table of contents of 
												              

capitalism: a treatise on 
		economics
list of figures xxxv
list of tables xxxvi
preface xxxix
introduction 1
part one the foundations of economics

1. economics and capitalism 13 
												              
2. wealth and its role in human life 39
3. natural resources and the environment 63
part two the division of labor and capitalism 
												              
4. the division of labor and production 121
5. the dependence of the division of labor on capitalism 133
6. the price system and economic coordination 171
7. price controls and economic chaos 219
8. socialism, economic chaos, and totalitarian 
												              dictatorship 267
9. the influence of the division of labor on the institutions of capitalism 297
10. monopoly versus freedom of competition 377
11. the division of labor and the concept of productive activity 445
part three the process of economic progress
12. money and spending 507
13. productionism, say's law, and unemployment 547
14. the productivity theory of wages 609
15. aggregate production, aggregate spending, and the role of saving in spending 681
16. the net-consumption/net-investment theory of profit and interest 729
17. applications of the invariable-money/ net-consumption analysis 821
18. keynesianism: a critique 877
19. gold versus inflation 911
20. toward the establishment of laissez faire capitalism 985
												              
a bibliography of writings in defense of capitalism 993
index 1001












go to reisman's program of self-education in the economic theory and political
        philosophy of capitalism, based on capitalism as the main text




return to top of 
page

 








this
                site has been visited 
													                



times since november 12, 1996. last revised 
														september 25, 2015

        

                               
