










home - kihomac














































































 





who we are
about uscontracts
gsa astrogsa oasisdod iac mac
newsroom
what we do
software developmentservicesmanufacturingprototypingsustainment supportcapabilities a-z
productscareers
current openings
contact us
locations












 home



who we are
about uscontracts
gsa astrogsa oasisdod iac mac
newsroom
what we do
software developmentservicesmanufacturingprototypingsustainment supportcapabilities a-z
productscareers
current openings
contact us
locations







 













you have challenges, we have solutions. 
							problem solved. 
							what we do 
							
kihomac 
							 


leader of technology, manufacturing, engineering, and more 
							 complex problems 
							our work 
							
holistic solutions to 
							 


nationwide veteran-owned company 
							problem-solving. 
							who we are 
							
pioneering the art of advanced 
 
							 


precision is at the core of everything we do 
							safer and more efficient 
							what we do 
							
working to make your job 
							 











kihomac supports customers across the department of defense and commercial industry.  our exacting standards bring quality processes and attention to detail creating trusted solutions. integration, development, manufacturing, services.
kihomac, problem solved.


we arekihomacguiding philosophyat kihomac, we believe integrity drives excellence. by operating under the highest ethical standards and professionalism we have established a record of providing the best services to our customers. our reputation for precision, reliability and innovative solutions is unparalleled. we continually adapt to take on tough challenges with the confidence that, with our values and knowledgeable people, we can achieve unprecedented success.
see our capabilities 
product developmentf-35 advanced travel pod





currently en route to obtaining seek eagle certification, kihomac’s f-35 advanced travel pod offers a replacement for the legacy mxu-648 travel pod.
the new design incorporates decades of first-hand maintainer experience, upgrading key features to increase both the capabilities of the pod as well as usability.









features

larger access doors for improved access and versatility for outsized equipment.
kihomac’s integrated tie-down system with more flexibility for storage of odd-sized items and proper security of all items for flight.
light weight design, it is easily manageable by two crew members.
larger storage space with nearly 2 times more internal storage than the legacy pod (10 cubic-feet).
standard nato lug spacing to ensure compatibility with u.s. military
services and international partners
removable end caps for easy loading and unloading of long items.
stabilization feet to prevent rolling and unnecessary wear during ground operations.
quick release latches to improve handling and access for f-35 crews.



learn moresee all productsprototype developmentaerial pod





currently under development by kihomac, the aerial pod is a configurable unit capable of housing electro-optical, infrared, and radio frequency (rf) payloads. it is designed to nato standard mounting specifications, making it compatible with multiple platforms.









features

carbon composite body
40% lighter
transparent aluminum
optical windows
rf transparent side wall available
adjustable internal rails
accomodates 50% larger sensors
(eo/ir, rf)
nato standard mounting
specifications



learn moresee all productsdigital visual imaging systemdvis





the digital visual imaging system (dvis) contract, valued at $43.9 million, replaces the former wet film camera system with an entirely digital processing, control, and suite of camera sensors on the us air force’s two unique oc-135b open skies aircraft. the digital replacement also includes the development of a fixed and mobile digital ground processing system (dgps) for the processing of the recorded digital imagery, as well as a system integration test environment (site) lab at kihomac’s primary facility located in layton, utah.









scope of dvis effort

modification design for the upgrade
a and b kit procurement for two aircraft
installation on two aircraft
procurement and installation of a ground
data processing station
system integration and test facility
flight test and treaty certification support
tech data development, mission crew training
and initial component spares



learn moresee all productsthrottle quadrantc-5 seats





kihomac was awarded a contract to provide a technical data package (tdp) for the overhaul of c-5 crew and passenger seats. this included a rewritten technical order with revised illustrations. kihomac also updated assembly and maintenance instructions, designing specialized tooling, test
equipment, and prototypes of each type of seat:
pilot, co-pilot, flight engineer/navigator, observer, 2-passenger, and 3-passenger.






in addition to the c-5 crew and passenger seat contract, kihomac was also awarded a contract to perform engineering analysis of the c-5 throttle quadrant. we provided source data for a technical data package tdp) serving the overhaul of the c-5 throttle quadrant secondary flight control assembly. our team conducted engineering evaluations to determine what repairs, inspections, refurbishments, and replacements were needed for the overhaul. we identified several discrepancies and developed a series of corresponding repair procedures. we designed and manufactured special tooling, structural repairs, functional test fixtures, and three depot-level overhaul manuals.
learn moresee all products 
manufacturing tomorrow's solutionsour leadershipour leadership team of seasoned military, aerospace development and business professionals bring together sound business practices and leading-edge innovation. we believe that a conscientious and impactful business is one that clients, employers and employees can take pride in.
come join our team!kihomac has earned a stellar reputation for professional, knowledgeable, self-starting support everywhere we operate. our employees are the backbone of our success.
view morestriving for excellence in everything we dowhy kihomackihomac embraces challenges to keep people safe and make their jobs easier. as former members of the military, we understand how integral the safety and efficiency of the equipment you use is. we are passionate about finding effective solutions no matter where those opportunities are and should a pathway lead there, we are unafraid to change course. with precision and innovation we can achieve unprecedented success
kihomac by the numbers


27%




veterans/service
disabled veterans




21+




years in
business




26




weapon systems
supported




6




facilities and
offices


about kihomacsince our founding in 2003, kihomac has established an outstanding track record of supporting our u.s. government customers, as evidenced by our portfolio of exceptional assessments of our timely, responsive, and efficient services with exacting standards. with over 350 employees and offices strategically located across the u.s. our capabilities include systems engineering services, reverse manufacturing and custom fabrication, engineering analyses, and sustainment solutions for aerospace vehicles.
we proudly provide complete lifecycle support for the united states air force’s (usaf) premier close air support aircraft, the a-10 thunderbolt ii, through contracts with the system program office (spo) at hill air force base.
learn more


35%




veterans/service
disabled veterans





16




years in
business





26




weapon systems
supported





9




facilities and
offices


improving aviator safety with rapid speed to the fleetcontact ushave a question? we'd love to hear from you. send us a message
and we'll respond as soon as possible.


 













































δ



 


 










kihomac is a veteran owned small business with offices nationwide designed to service an array of capabilities. our leadership of seasoned military, aerospace development and business professionals bring together sound business practices with leading-edge innovation.





main office: 12030 sunrise valley dr
suite 320 - reston, va 20191
phone: (703) 960-5450
fax: (877) 282-8011


home
products
careers
contact us

locations
doing business with us


printed material repository
employee resources
supplier terms and conditions
who we are

about us
contracting information
newsroom


what we do

software development
services
manufacturing
prototyping
sustainment support
capabilities a-z


 
certifications


 iso 9001:2015 (layton & byron)
as9100d (layton & byron)
nadcap certified (composites)
cmmi-dev level 3

 connect







 
tcb composite, a subsidiary of kihomac has proficiency in design, rapid prototyping and production of composite aerospace prod









talk to us


 











































 




