



handmade interactive llc | web sites and mobile development





















































drupal wordpress aws servers web design pasadena



















home
expertise
projects
careers
contact
 













drupal
wordpress
ios/android
ai chatbots
(and so much more)

























app development server management hipaa database




 our story 






since 2003 we’ve developed bespoke websites and mobile apps for industry, government and non-profits. from the beginning, our philosophy has been that everything we build must combine compelling design with high usability and robust security.


regardless of your strategy for handling relentless digital demand and the transition to ai and web3, we’re eager to share our ideas and empower your organization to thrive in new ways.


































expertise logos





























 
 













“digital darwinism is now a constant. change is going to happen — either to you or because of you.”                                

-- brian solis                                
expertise







we work with companies in a broad range of sectors, managing the entire web development process from defining project requirements through designing, building and maintaining.   clients come to us for fresh insights, a veteran team and a two-decade record of delivering successful projects.



drupal





wordpress





joomla





symfony





javascript





ionic (ios, android apps)





angular





web servers (cloud & dedicated)





ai chatbot integration





security scans (firewalls, consulting)





4k video




























 


























projects                
                 

















 




orange county museum of art*                                    





drupal











 




quilting calculator app                                    





hybrid ios and android











 




the arroyos***                                    





wordpress











 




actvnet                                    


mobile app and website for emergency communication between educators and law enforcement.


ionic, drupal











 




institute for girls development***                                    





wordpress











 




ieee collabratec global network                                    





java, angular











 




robert kaufman fabrics                                    





custom e-commerce











 




ims2024 conference mobile app                                    





ios and android











 




design nyc                                    





wordpress











 




ims2024 global technology conference in washington, dc                                    





drupal











 




parsons federal credit union**                                    





drupal












* design provided by client
** design provided by group 22
*** design provided by amara grimes design




















 
 
















causes







we’re a proud corporate member of organizations which promote excellence in interactive design and work to protect online privacy rights.





































careers







working on our team means doing what you love: coding, innovating and making an impact on the world. we’re interested in hearing from ambitious developers and project managers with at least five years of experience and a passion for their work.
our office in pasadena is surrounded by convenient transportation options and amenities. we offer competitive salaries and benefits, flexible schedules and remote work options.  and did we mention the great projects and amazing clients you’ll be working with?
learn more about the advantages of joining our team by sending a resume and portfolio links to:
hr@handmadeinteractive.com



















 















follow us        










 
 
















contact








 1346 e. walnut st. - 1st floor
 pasadena, ca 91106
 800-239-4944
 clients@handmadeinteractive.com


























 
@ 2024 handmade interactive llc                        



privacy policy
terms of use









bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies accepted.






privacy policy
terms of use





 
trademarks or logos used on this web site are the property of their respective owners. use does not imply endorsement or affiliation.we use cookies only to analyze traffic to this web site. that's it. if you stay here it means you consent to our use of these cookies.						









































