

dr bob rich's writing showcase










welcome
to bob rich's writing showcase


news of this site
please note that all my online activity now focuses on my blog, bobbing around.
   the life award: literature for environment has its 51st recipient. this is ancient canada: a mythological tale, a myth set in the arctic circle after climate change has destroyed our world.
   maraglinid: guardian spirit is due to be released early november, 2021.
   lifting the gloom: antidepressant writings is the companion volume to from depression to contentment. the two go together like main course and dessert.
   from depression to contentment: a self-therapy guide is now available as an audiobook.
   my newest book is from depression to contentment: a self-therapy guide. please check its page, where you can read the first chapter and several reviews.

   with the release of hit and run, i have had the honour and pleasure of appearing as guest author on many sites. current and recent ones are listed at my blog.

   please read what a recent editing client has to say about my work.

   my 17th book, hit and run, has been published, after a long delay. please have a look.

   grab a free book, you too can live in contentment.



what do you want to do?


find out: who is this bob rich  fellow anyway?
enter my web site and read short stories, essays, book extracts, reviews, articles of interest to writers?



click the pic to see
the real bob

most of my internet activity is now at my blog, bobbing around where you will find the newer issues of my newsletter, and an increasing number of other interesting pages, including interviews, projects and essays.  
investigate the life award: literature for environment?  
consider bob's book editing service?
  
look around bob's psychology site?
what on earth is a mudsmith?
be entertained, challenged, informed, but never bored, by bob's popular newsletter bobbing around?
none of the above?
oh, you're still here? come on in 
 


2014

ascending spiral: humanity's last chance
2013

ascending spiral: humanity's last chance
2009

bizarre bipeds: what is humanity's role in the universe?
2007



woodworking for idiots like me

voted best editor for 2007 at preditors and editors

2006

anikó: the stranger who loved me
2005
too busy editing and writing to chase prizes.
2004

anikó: the stranger who loved me
 



2003




the making of a forest fighter

donard publishing july short story contest
winner from among 290 entries
with 1587 votes:
cruelty and compassion
 

2002


through other eyes



personally speaking: single session email therapy with dr bob rich




2001



striking back from down under

sleeper, awake


anger and anxiety


 
new zealand writers
first page of a book contest
second
anikó: the stranger who loved me

 




  





