

























costa rica real estate






































whatsapp


@contact us


sign up


(+1) 888-607-6772


list with us















properties


beach

beach
ocean view
home & condos
beachfront
sea side homes
golf & marina



homes

central valley homes
condos
golf residences
gated communities
mountain homes
eco-friendly  



invest

investment
hotels
conservation
income producing
commercial
pre-construction
bar & restaurants



misc

luxury estates
vacation rentals
long term rentals
land/lots for sale
farm & mountain
seller financing


x

by location


central valley

escazu
santa ana
ciudad colã³n
atenas
la guacima & san rafael
la garita & turrucares
cariari & belen


san ramon
heredia
grecia
naranjo
puriscal
turrialba
palmares
rohrmoser
turrubares



southern zone

dominical
uvita & ballena
ojochal
osa peninsula

central pacific

jaco beach
los sueã±os
manuel antonio
orotina
playa hermosa


north pacific

tamarindo
flamingo  potrero
conchal
pinilla
las catalinas
samara
nosara & guiones



southern nicoya peninsula

santa teresa & montezuma
tambor & paquera
playa naranjo



caribbean

puerto viejo / playa negra
cocles / playa chiquita
punta uva / manzanillo
cahuita
hone creek / carbon
limã³n / tortuguero
guã¡piles / siquirres



other places

hacienda del sol
seller financing
more properties


x

homes for sale

ocean view homes  
homes in the city 
condos
sea side homes  
mountain homes  
eco-friendly  
ocean front homes  
lake front homes

beach homes
3d tours
farms & mountain



farm & mountain
land/lots for sale
off the grid
sustainable
conservation




luxury estates

hacienda pinilla  
reserva conchal 
las catalinas  
los sueã±os 
hacienda del sol  

land for sale
commercial



hotels for sale
office spaces for rent
bars & restaurants
commercial properties




rentals



long term rentals
vacation rentals
furnished
unfurnished
personalized services














  explore 3d virtual property tours   

                    your browser does not support the video tag or the file format of this video.

                








our company | listings | seller financing | f.a.q. | c.r map | blog | articles | news | videos | join our newsletter | testimonials | contact us





costa rica real estate
welcome to costa rica... a country of a diverse natural wonder; a nation of peace, great democratic tradition, and friendly smiles. come and experience the best  of what life has to offer!
properties in costa rica company has offices located in san jose, uvita, and tamarindo. we are a group of professionals whose main goal is to provide you with insight into investment and purchasing real estate in costa rica. our staff is fluent in english, spanish, french, and ø¹ø±ø¨ù‰  
we are a proven resource for real estate in costa rica. our expertise covers real estate options in a variety of locations ideal for living, retiring, or investing in costa rica. our real estate inventory is ever-changing and holds optimal properties in categories such as costa rica luxury estates, ocean view and beach properties, residential homes for sale, condos, investment and commercial real estate, farms and mountain properties, vacation rentals and others as you will discover when working with us.
we understand that relocating and transitioning into an investment in costa rica is not always an easy thing to do. moving to costa rica and doing business abroad requires a lot of research and reliance upon knowledgeable representatives. we provide you with trustworthy costa rica real estate assistance on every step of this process. 
properties in costa rica's main goal lies in leading you to a successful real estate transaction. we are here to assist you in attaining that dream property or investment in costa rica. 
our real estate listing in the central valley combines desirable locations in west san jose from closest to the city to further into the country in the following order rohrmoser and sabana, escazu, santa ana, brasil de mora, ciudad colon, rodeo and puriscal... you will also find amazing real estate properties in the central valley provinces of heredia, alajuela, and cartago where our selected locations such as san rafael, la garita, la guacima, los reyes, grecia, san ramon, atenas, belen and cariari, barva, santo domingo, san isidro, and santa barbara are very appealing because of their wonderful weather, nearby facilities, beautiful neighborhoods, farms and homes. 
our beach properties lining the pacific coastline are made of some of the finest luxury homes and raw land you will ever encounter.  the ever-popular manuel antonio is where you will find luxury homes and condominiums suited for the enjoyment of the lively town, while still being encompassed by nature and enjoying secluded beaches.  the landscape of the dominical and uvita area, where the mountains meet the ocean, provide spectacular ocean views, private mountain retreats, and unique beach and waterfront property. 

additionally, we provide you with real estate services in the caribbean beaches and other coastal regions of costa rica. find that beach vacation home meant for you or that smart investment opportunities within a popular tourist town. we offer quality real estate for sale in the nicoya peninsula with locations such as playa naranjo, tambor, cobano, santa teresa, mal pais, manzanillo, san miguel, coyote, islita, carrillo and samara, and further north into guanacaste in the popular beach towns of tamarindo, flamingo, potrero, grande, hermosa, papagayo, coco, and ocotal... also in puntarenas in the central pacific, we have a special selection of properties in jaco, los suenos and other special locations throughout costa rica.
costa rica is known worldwide as a destination for investment, retirement, and vacation. costa rica's beauty goes beyond picturesque beaches, magnificent mountains and beautiful weather year-round... its key beauty lies in its people. costa ricans are worldwide recognized for being authentically friendly and helpful people. the ancient costa rican democracy and peaceful history is deeply interiorized in its culture and the idiosyncrasy of its people. add all these elements into an equation, the natural result is expected: costa rica is the hottest destination in the americas... and soon to be a favorite throughout the world. therefore, the time to invest is now!

read more about us





search by title or keyword
costa rica real estate listings



dominical real estate
jaco real estate
nicoya peninsula real estate
tamarindo real estate
nosara & guiones real estate
escazu real estate 
santa ana real estate


rohrmoser real estate
brasil de mora & ciudad colon real estate
heredia real estate
atenas real estate
turrialba costa rica


caribbean real estate
manuel antonio real estate
san ramon real estate
grecia real estate
la guacima & san rafael
puriscal real estate
los suenos golf resort & marina
lake properties for sale











our company | listings | list your property | f.a.q. | c.r map | seller financing | san jose attractions | blog | articles | videos | links | info request | testimonials | contact us
















contact us
properties in costa rica
www.propertiesincostarica.com
info@propertiesincostarica.com
call us:
toll free usa and canada: +1 888-607-6772
costa rica: +506 4034-8563*
cr mobile:*
 +506 8822-5061 *
* from the us & canada dial 011 first
main office location:
office location: forum i business park, building a, third floor, suite 7, santa ana, san jose, costa rica. click here to see map


costa rica real estate listings

beach properties
mountain properties 
homes for sale
commercial properties
investment opportunities 
condos
luxury estates 
vacation rentals 


top exclusive properties
gated communities 
luxury rentals 
beachfront properties only 
ocean view properties
golf residences 
long term rentals
lake properties 



costa rica real estate by location
dominical real estate
tamarindo real estate
escazu real estate 
santa ana real estate
san ramon real estate
atenas real estate
cariari & belen
turrialba costa rica
puriscal real estate
manuel antonio real estate
nosara real estate
nicoya peninsula real estate
jaco real estate
los suenos golf resort & marina
caribbean real estate
lake properties for sale






all photographs and texts in this site property of pcr
        propiedades de costa rica sa (pcr) unless otherwise noted.
        copying, reproduction or sending to third parties is allowed only with
        written consent of pcr marketing and design by amerisol. 









ã—
customize your search
you're looking for properties , from 



search now












 




