





eovsa - home page























toggle navigation




 home





about eovsa


science


advanced technology


instrument specification


construction




eovsa data


data policy


browse data


eovsa flare list


data products


data tutorial


requesting eovsa data




today's observing status


documentation


our people


other pages 


 eovsa github








































welcome to the expanded owens valley solar array







 

latest eovsa spectrogram



 



latest ovro-lwa spectrogram

 



 



latest ovro-lwa images




 



latest sdo/aia 171 image




 









eovsa data


browsing and using eovsa data products.
direct me






 eovsa wiki


access to eovsa documentation, tutorials, and eovsa flare list.
direct me






 observing status


array status and latest spectrograms/images.
direct me






 eovsa publications


publications that use eovsa data.
direct me








latest news



see this stunning radio movie of the april 8, 2024 solar eclipse obtained by the long wavelength array at the owens valley radio observatory (ovro-lwa)!






overview


the expanded owens valley solar array (eovsa) is a university-led community facility dedicated to solar astrophysics and space weather research. eovsa makes daily observations of the sun at microwave frequencies (1-18 ghz) with simultenous imaging and broandband spectroscopy. eovsa is the result of a major expansion of our older array, a project funded by nsf using american recovery and reinvestment act (arra) funds and completed in 2017. the project expanded the array from its old complement of 7 antennas to a total of 13 2.1-m antennas, and replaced the control systems, wiring, and signal processing with modern, far more capable systems. in so doing, we have created a facility that addresses a broad range of new science to serve the scientific community. eovsa is currently being upgraded again by replacing all the remaining old equatorial antennas with new azimuth-altitude-mounted antennas, adding 2 new antennas to the array, and equipping all antennas with new-generation quad-ridge flare feed horns. the upgrade project eovsa-15, supported by the nsf major research instrumentation program (ags-2320478), will create a 15-element array with full imaging spectropolarimetry capabilities and enhanced imaging performance. the project is expected to complete in 2026. please stay tuned.
the eovsa project aims to support that community by providing open data access and software tools for analysis of the data, to exploit synergies with on-going solar research in other wavelength bands, and to train next-generation scientists. eovsa is a world-class facility for both fundamental research in solar and astrophysical plasma, and also for providing data in areas of important national interest, such as understanding the sun's influence on the earth and near-earth space environment—a subject broadly termed space weather. the solar science being addressed focuses on the magnetic structure of the solar corona, on transient phenomena resulting from magnetic interactions, including the sudden release of energy in solar flares, and subsequent particle acceleration and heating, and on space weather phenomena.
eovsa operations are funded by nsf under the geospace facilities program and receives additional support from nasa under the hso data support program.
learn more
 










science



the range of science to be conducted with the expanded ovsa is broad and unique. a list of publications that utilized eovsa data is available at this nasa/ads library. check out the science page for more on each topic.

magnetic and plasma structure above active regions 
coronal magnetography
temperature, density, nonthermal electrons

flaring loops and particle acceleration in solar flares
electrons and magnetic fields in flaring loops
dynamic imaging and turbulence

drivers of space weather
f10.7 images
eruptive events


learn more

 











about the instrument



the ovsa expansion, completed in 2017, was a complete redesign of the array that added 8 new 2-m antennas, and moved the 5 pre-existing 2-m antennas to new locations. these 13 antennas provide 78 baselines for imaging. a 27-m antenna was completely refurbished and modernized with a new control system and a cooled receiver, for dedicated calibration of the array. the maximum baseline grew to more than 1.5 km, for a typical resolution (varies by time of day and season) of about 60"/n ghz. the table at right summarizes the instrument parameters. below are some highlights of the instrument specifications. these are subject to change as the design becomes more detailed during development. 
learn more

 





ovsa expansion project instrument 



ovsa upgrade specifications 


frequency range 
1 – 18 ghz 


number of data channels 
2 (dual polarization) 


if bandwidth 
500 mhz per channel 


frequency resolution 
raw: 122 khz (4096
                          spectral channels)
science: <40 mhz 


time resolution 
sample time: 20 ms 
full sweep: 1 s 


polarization 
full stokes (iquv) 


number correlator inputs per data channel 
16 


number and type of antennas 
five 2-m equatorial
eight 2-m azel
a 27-m equatorial (cal. only) 


angular resolution  
57"/ n ghz × 51"/ n ghz


array size 
1.08 km ew x 1.22 km ns 



 





operations of eovsa are supported by the national science foundation under grant no. ags-2130832. additional support is provided by nasa under grant no. 80nssc20k0026. any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the national science foundation and nasa. 













copyright © eovsa website 2023




























