









boat vin lookup / hull identification number lookup | boat history report



























                                no risk to you — 100% satisfaction guaranteed!
                                
                            














            order a report
        




            support
        




            about us
        




                                services
                            

used boat loans
used boat insurance
used boat warranty
boat transport
boat documentation
dealer & broker plans

research:
boating advice
state reg/title documents
vessel reg/doc rules
manufacturer directory







            login
        














boat vin / hin lookup




select how you want to search:

hull identification number (hin)
state registration number
uscg documentation number






hin




                        what's a hin (boat vin), and where can i find it?
                    




search


view sample report »






no hull id number? get reports now »




    all boat history report
    purchases now include a 1 year boatus
    membership






boat history report® can help you avoid buying a boat with costly hidden problems
look up by hull identification number (hin), state registration number, or uscg documentation.  every report will check for damage including:




accidents
hurricanes
fire
theft
run aground
submerged




total loss
registration history
title history
recalls
warranties
and more…







view sample report »









 in the press


boat history report is like carfax or autocheck for boats.




                - forbes
            


boathistoryreport.com will remain the primary research source for prospective buyers who might not have an opportunity to see a title until sales negotiations are well underway.




                - sun sentinel
            


partnering with boat history report will help reduce the incidents of transaction fraud by arming consumers with historical data on watercraft that they are considering for purchase.




                - nicb
            


boat history report helps buyers avoid some of the potential pitfalls of buying a preowned boat, including hidden damage.




                - soundings trade only
            


u.s. coast guard names boat history report to national boating safety advisory committee.




                - boating industry
            


the marine retailers association of the americas announced the launch of a certified pre-owned boat program in collaboration with boat history report.




                - mraa certified pre-owned program
            


boat history report provides a service that is similar to carfax but for the boating industry.




                - thrive global
            


boat history report provides an in-depth review of the history of the vessel.




                - boating industry
            


boat history report has amassed 120 million unique records and more than 1.4 million negative events to inform buyers about potential boat purchases.




                - soundings trade only
            





 trusted by


















    relied upon by boat dealers and yacht brokers nationwide







boat history report gives our customers peace of mind when purchasing used boats from
                    us and helps us retain higher profit margins than our competitors who don’t utilize boat
                    history report. it has been a priceless tool for the entire boating industry in ensuring
                    that the pre-owned boats we buy or take in have no hidden pasts.


- jani gyllenberg

marine connection
ranked the #1 dealer in north america








our industry's reputation for transparency and access to accurate information is
                    behind the times. boathistoryreport.com provides consumers with exactly that, which is
                    why i use them and think products like this will strengthen our industry.


- bob denison

denison yacht sales
leader in the yachting industry with 22 offices nationwide








partnering with boat history repot was a no-brainer! it certainly builds trust with our potential customers and shows them that our boats have nothing to hide. we include the reports on all our listings, and it separates us from our competitors.


- mark lassila | president

boat dynasty
over 30 years in the boating industry








tampa yacht sales has been using boathistory report for 8 years. it is always nice to take a little deeper dive from what a current owner may know and make sure we are providing the best used boats to our clients. i feel the value added to our clients and our brokerage is substantial and worth the investment. we want to make sure buyers are making the most educated purchase. we work to help clients understand the deferred maintenance cycle of boat ownership and the potential disclosures are equally as important to evaluate a boat's value. the report is another valuable tool we utilize as we walk through the buying and selling process.


- shane faunce | president

tampa yacht sales
over 16 years in the boating industry







 a boat's history affects its value
click on these images to reveal the damage.


















































a boat's history is an essential factor in determining a boat's estimated market value.  in addition to age and hours, other things to check for include whether the boat has ever been in an accident, deemed a total loss, and whether it was used in fresh versus salt water. all of these elements will factor into what the boat is worth and how much you should be willing to pay.
damage to the boat, especially fiberglass boats, can be repaired very easily with almost no trace of its previous damage. don't get caught off guard by boats with a history of damage and accidents- this could lead to many future problems and thousands in repair costs.

order a report





 know before you buy
check if your watercraft has been:







                    damaged in a hurricane
                









                    in an accident
                









                    run aground
                









                    total loss
                









                    had a recall
                









                    submerged
                









                    seized
                









                    in a fire
                









                    in a collision
                













                        - hurricane damage
                    
×


hurricane sandy resulted in over $650 million in damages to recreational boats.


            hurricane damaged boats are often sold with a clean title.
most states do not recognize salvage and damaged titles for boats.
            therefore, storm damaged boats are auctioned off to be restored and re-sold to unknowing individuals, with
            clean titles. these boats may have spent significant time submerged under salt water resulting in
            detrimental
            damage that could result in loss later on. boat history report® is the only way to know the real truth
            about the
            boat, as once repaired- these boats can look better than new to an unsuspecting buyer.















back
order a report now













                        - accidents
                    
×


know when a boat has been in an accident.


            our extensive database searches hundreds of thousands of accident records.
use boat history report® to insure that you don't buy a boat that has been damaged in an
            accident and then repaired. boats that have been severely damaged have a low resale value and
            may not be safe for you and your family.















back
order a report now













                        - run aground
                    
×


boats frequently run aground due to a miscalculation of the water's depth.


            running aground can be one of the most costly problems a boat can endure.
not only can running aground cause hidden structural damage to the boat, if environmental damage
            was caused, the new owner could be responsible for the previous owners negligence, as these fines stay
            with the boat and not the reckless boater. don't put yourself at risk - boat history report® can help
            you avoid purchasing a boat that has run aground.















back
order a report now













                        - total loss
                    
×


boats are deemed a total loss when the cost to repair is greater than a set percentage of the
            boat’s value.


            unlike cars, boats have no uniform salvage titling law.
these boats are usually repaired and resold with clean titles, without disclosing previous total loss events.
            boat history report® helps uncover events like these in a boat’s history.















back
order a report now













                        - had a recall
                    
×


many boats manufactured often contain dangerous, potentially fatal flaws. is your boat safe?


            open (unfixed) safety recalls can result in serious injury and sometimes death.
due to safety concerns, manufacturers report recalls every month; however, numerous
            flawed boats remain in the marketplace. check our national database to see if your
            boat has been issued a safety recall as part of your report from boat history report®.















back
order a report now













                        - submersion & sinking
                    
×


sinkings and flooding occur more frequently than you may realize.


            boats that have been submerged sustain damage that can take months to surface.
not only are boats swamped or capsized while in use, but many sink dockside as a result
            of heavy rains, storm surge, faulty drains or poor sealing thru-hull fittings. the damage
            is not noticeable immediately, but as corrosion sets in, costly issues will continue to surface.
            let boat history report® help save you from a boat that could jeopardize your families safety while
            costing you thousands of dollars to repair.















back
order a report now













                        - u.s. customs and irs seizure
                    
×


boats are constantly seized by u.s. customs due to illegal activities.


            boat dealers and yacht brokers are not required to report seizure information to customers.
many times these boats incur serious damage during the seizing activity. don't unknowingly buy one
            of these damaged boats - run a report from boat history report® before you buy.















back
order a report now













                        - boat fires
                    
×


in addition to cosmetic damage, boat fires can also cause hidden structural damage.


            due to skilled fiberglass work, boats involved in fires may appear undamaged to the naked eye.
once the cosmetic issues are fixed you may never know a fire had occurred. that’s what
            boat history report® is for!















back
order a report now













                        - collisions
                    
×


avoid buying a boat that has been in a collision and then cosmetically repaired.


            similar to cars, boats can sustain structural damage that cannot be seen by the naked eye.
collisions cause structural damage that can jeopardize safety and will lower the resale value of the boat.
            don’t lose thousands by purchasing a damaged boat- run a boat history report® and be informed.















back
order a report now








 customer feedback










best money i have ever spent. boat history report saved me on a $25,000 purchase of a salvaged boat that the owner "didn't know about". great customer service and very accommodating in my search for a new boat! don't hesitate to spend the money and save yourself from a huge mistake.


                - s. scott, michigan
                 verified purchase











i am impressed that you were able to track down the information… and get back to me so quickly. thank you for following up. mark me down as a very satisfied customer. if i buy another boat, i will absolutely get another report.


                - bob, florida
                 verified purchase











wow! thank you so much! that is so awesome! it is so refreshing (& truly amazing these days) to have a company that sincerely cares and proves it through their actions!  i am very impressed!


                - bryan w., michigan
                 verified purchase











thank you, i’ve loved using your service, and will tell everyone what a great company you are!


                - edmund, wisconsin
                 verified purchase











thank you very much. you provide good service that i intend to use again.


                - lou f., florida
                 verified purchase











i was able to read this report and based on this information, this boat looks pretty good. i am doing the sea trial tomorrow afternoon. thank you very much, and you have been more than awesome and have earned every penny of this report!! i am more than pleased with your service! thanks again, and for sure on my next boat, i will once again, seek your expertise!


                - joanne, california
                 verified purchase











my experience has been really positive. i really liked that all my information was there and it was credible for backing up the sale of our boat to an owner in canada. it substantiated and gave a credibility to the sale... ... thanks for all your help, as i do think it helped play a role in the selling of our boat over a long distance- willis, texas to canada.


                - jack, texas
                 verified purchase











i want to thank you for the excellent service that i received from you and your company. even though the manufacturer could not provide the needed information to do a complete survey, you were very helpful! and true to your word you provided a 100% money back guarantee! i will be back…thank you!


                - bob s.
                 verified purchase











your rapid and professional responses have provided me the information i needed to make an informed decision when looking at a boat that i assumed was a katrina victim, even though the owner told me it was clean. saved me many headaches and a “boatload” of cash. thanks!


                - peter, canada
                 verified purchase











i am extremely impressed with boat history’s thoroughness, promptness and unsolicited willingness to go the extra (nautical) mile to get its customers whatever information is out there even though the cost to the customer is extremely small in comparison to the amount of human research undertaken when things are less than clear-- as they were in this case because of the “unofficial”hull id #. your finding this accident gave me substantial relief regarding the absence of a 12th digit in the hull id # and thankfully, it was such a small collision, that even my surveyor will, i think, be unconcerned.


                - jed h., connecticut
                 verified purchase











thank you so much for your help. you have truly been a blessing to jenna and i and we are so grateful for your help. we have been dreaming of this for over three decades and it is starting to look up. with you and your company’s help, we think this is going to happen. the report looks fantastic and i will let you know when we close. thank you again and what a wonderful experience with boat history report customer service.


                - douglas b., georgia
                 verified purchase











thank you for responding so promptly. i think your report just saved me from a $40,000 mistake!  i will be sure to tell others at our marina about your service. money well spent.


                - randolph w., florida
                 verified purchase






 hull identification number (hin) / boat vin
what's a hin (boat vin) and where do i find it?
the hull identification number (hin) serves as the boat’s unique identifier, similar to the vin or vehicle serial number of
        a car.
        if the dealer or broker listing the boat has not provided you with a report from boat history report®,
        ask them to provide you with the boat’s hin so that you can run your own report.
the hin is affixed or stamped into the back of the boat's hull also known as the transom in the uppermost right corner or under the swim
        platform.
        also, the hin may be stated on the state title, state registration, uscg documentation, and insurance documents. for boats 1984 and newer,
        federal regulations mandate the hin must follow the format in the image below. for additional hin formats and a more
        detailed explanation, be sure to check out our
        hin
            troubleshooting guide.












order a report





 show me the boat history report!






            a record is an indicator in our database sourced
            from vetted and reliable sources which has been linked to your
            search through a proprietary system. records could indicate that
            the boat has been involved in a collision, fire, been run aground,
            damaged in a hurricane or has warranty or recall information.
            records do not always indicate negative reports for a boat.
        







 the hin (hull identification number)
                    

×



the hull identification number (hin) serves as the boat’s unique identifier, similar to the vin of
    a car.
    if the dealer or broker listing the boat has not provided you with a report from boat history report®,
    ask them to provide you with the boat’s hin so that you can run your own.
the hin may be found on the back of the boat in the uppermost right corner or under the swim
    platform.
    also, the hin may be stated on the title, registration, and insurance documents. for boats 1984 and newer,
    federal regulations mandate the hin must follow the format in the image below. for additional hin formats and a more
    detailed explanation, be sure to check out our
    hin
        troubleshooting guide.





















boat history report® is an a+ rated business and the only watercraft history service that
                    partners
                    with the national insurance crime bureau. please contact
                    customer support
                    if you have any issues.




                    our payment system is
                    
    

                    making it completely secure. your financial information never touches our systems and is stored
                    remotely in stripe's secure datacenter.
                




                    your privacy is protected by 2056-bit ev ssl certificate.
                    even though your financial information never goes to our servers, report information
                    is encrypted as well.
                







privacy policy


terms & conditions


customer support


about us


manufacturer directory


blog



                            dealer & broker plans









®
                

















copyright © 2005-2024, verihull llc. all rights reserved.


the fastest way to get a hold of us is through our
                    customer support portal. however
                    you may still contact us by phone or email.

  info@boathistoryreport.com







