











gary lessord - gallery of christian, wildlife and mural paintings




 





 121 grand junction blvd.
      orlando, florida 32835
       (407)-290-0816email: kglessord@aol.com


fine art by gary lessord
paintings, drawings, jigsaw puzzles, and prints add drama, beauty and interest to any home or office environment.
welcome to the official website of artist gary   lessord. we hope you are enlightened, entertained and share a few laughs   as you click through the new caricature gallery. if you have any   questions or comments you can reach us by phone or the email link. enjoy   your "museum tour."
 
fine art paintings are jewels to enhance the life of 
their collectors and all those who share in the appreciation of original 
thought and creation. fine art paintings and prints by gary lessord celebrate 
the drama, beauty and personal visions of the artist's chosen subjects. 
his own unique use of color, light, texture and composition bring life to 
his award winning fine art paintings. inspiration for gary's paintings created 
in acrylic, watercolor or oil comes from his respect and fascination with 
the natural world and various biblical themes. his fine art paintings reflect 
the love he has for the precious gift of the vast beauty and diversity of 
wildlife, natural habitat and scriptural truth. gary's intense study and 
personal insight into his various subjects of portrait, figure and landscape 
are evident in the detail with which each fine art painting is completed.
 

what's new! 

video of gary lessord teaching: here is a link to a new online and dvd teaching that gary lessord produced with valencia college on leonardo da vinci. in it he discusess some of the history of da vinci   and does a series of drawings to explain a variety of subjects and drawing techniques.
 click here to open a new window for the video.
note the program is about an hour and 40 minutes long.
 
more images! 
  gary has added over 50 images to this online gallery. 
  many are available for purchase as fine originals. 
  others are available to be licensed or purchased as 
  fine art giclee prints or remarques (prints that are 
  hand embellished by the artist). themes include:


big cats (cougars, florida panther)
exotic birds (herons, eagles, swans and more)
fantasy (pegasus, ethereal compositions)
us presidents and other portraits
landscapes (ocean, river, tropical, mountains and more)
wildlife (elk, moose, raccoons, pandas and more)
caricatures (ink or pencil original drawings of celebrities)

click here to enter the second 
  album or the first 
  album . note, the pictures 
  in the second album are higher resolution and take 
  longer to download. some are repeats of the first 
  album.
inspirational living 
  fine art gallery was in the metro orlando 
  florida area. please note that gary's work may be 
  purchased directly from him through this website. 
  click here to see the 
  unveiling ceremony. 
 

 
explore the virtual gallery of gary lessord's paintings, drawings, murals, 
 and prints by selecting any button or link below: 



















 













 [prints]
[originals] [wall 
  murals] [custom commissions]











 ©2013 gary lessord. all images, 
  all rights reserved. not for use by others in any 
  form, including electronic reproductions (i.e. for 
  your website or personal computer desktop). please 
  contact gary lessord for a license to use or to purchase 
  any of these works as originals, cards, or prints. 
  kglessord@aol.com

 



  
  art 
  lovers have visited our site since july 16, 2001.
 member of angelart 
gallery
. site created: 07/01/99
redesigned: 08/26/11 page last 









 


