

the allodi accordions website home page







    
        
       a l l o d i 
      a c c o r d i o n s  ltd
143-145
    lee high road, lewisham, london, se13 5pf.  
tel/fax: (00 44) (0) 20 8244-3771
      
e-e-mail:-  info@accordions.co.uk



      business
      terms & conditions & opening hours





48
          bass



72
          bass
          



80-96
          bass
          



120
          bass




button





shop closure 

by now,  many of you will know that  the 
business has closed after almost 75 years.
i plan to be at the shop to organise the removal of stock
and contents on tuesdays and saturdays from 11 -5pm for a few months, during which time i would be available
on a strict 'appointment only' basis;  should you wish to get in touch, or
get a bargain, you will still have that opportunity!

i will honour warranties on instruments sold within the last 3 years.
any necessary work would be carried out from my home, where i have set
up a repair bench and will store any remaining unsold stock.  
they will continue to be shown on my
website, which will remain in operation.  
 i will endeavour to put a list of repairers on the
website to help those of you who may need work done in the future.  any repairers
who wish to be added to this list please contact me via e-mail at:-  info@accordions.co.uk 

it has been a pleasure meeting you all and helping many of you along your
accordion journey, some of you even becoming friends, (you know who you are!)
but i feel it is now time to allow myself the freedom to enjoy and pursue
personal musical projects & family life.

          emilio allodi




closing
          down sale....
i still have a few
          accordions left in stock in various conditions.  i will now be selling any instrument in
          an "as seen" condition whereas normally, these would be fully overhauled and sold with
          guarantees.  accordions bought in this condition can always be booked in for any
          necessary work from my home after closure; this is an opportunity to
          purchase an instrument good enough for your purposes without spending
          larger amounts.

please take
          a look at my secondhand list: -   secondhand  
          which  will be updated with remaining
          accordions that are not listed at the moment.  i am extremely busy with
          trying to get my remaining repairs done, so i can only do this, time
          permitting.   


      e-mail  info@accordions.co.uk        
      tel: - 020 8244 3771
      
 
        



last 3 remaining new accordions! :
      - 
roland fr1x in deluxe italian hard case
      with wheels  -   £1300 
stephenelli 72 bass  - 
      £550
chanson 72 bass  - £450 
       
    



new 
      accordions


secondhand
      accordions



straps
      & accessories




music
      & tutor info





              we
                are a 
family  business
        of over 60 years.  see video story of the 
allodis
we specialize in traditional accordions of
                all kinds, plus    straps & accessories.

largest selection of
              
new
              & secondhand

                accordions displayed & available in the uk.
you will receive personal, friendly,
                unbiased  expert advice. 
repairs
                & microphone fitting  where possible
              while-u-wait. 
how to find us.  









click on any  picture to view
          full size image



click image above




click image above



click image above



80 new
              cases at half price!!
reduced
              from £90-100 to £45-50 each


 





              ideally, we hope you will come to the shop personally, so you may
              see, and more importantly, try out the different instruments
              available.  it is essential to be able to play, hear and feel the differences
              between the various models in the same place, so that they may be
              compared acoustically; instruments can vary quite dramatically in
              sound depending on a room's size, type of flooring etc....  
              you might like to check out our allodi/fantini

 player's rogues
              gallery.

the biggest and best advantage of visiting in person of course, is that you will
undoubtedly gain from our knowledge and years of experience.  however, that said, the
website is designed to be the next best thing, allowing you to view our business from the
comfort of your own home and in addition, have some vital questions answered
that you may
have been asking yourself before taking the plunge and purchasing your own
accordion.  refer to our section expert advice
              and pre-war 
              accordions. 

alternatively, you can check out our  tutors and books 

              page in
which you will find a list of accordion tutors in case you are looking for someone to give you
lessons, or simply a tutor book to work from or go to our  accessories

section if you are simply looking to replace your accordion straps for instance
or would like  midi
 fitted to your existing instrument. 



look
          who came to visit....
brandon
          mcphee champion
          accordionist, tv personality - and a thoroughly nice guy!! 




 
quality in the shop!

johnny-lee leslie  & eddy
          hessian
a real treat for me to have two world class
          players to discuss the accordion world!


top of page

 







the  claudio allodi
      orchestra


with photographs, song lists, information
      and
      some demo sound files
      featuring

 kim jones (solo vocalist)


(for kim's demos, please click on the
above name link and then on the respective disc link for your song preference)






copyright © 2000 owned by kim jones 
no material from any section within this website may be taken or used without prior
written permission.

 




