





wellesley village church













































 















search for:



search





skip to content




livestream
calendar
give
contact us
village church in weston
 

youtubefacebooktwitterinstagramsearch 




wellesley village church 

							wellesley village church						


menu



i’m new
"i have found that the greatest gift i can receive is community, and i am grateful i've received this gift here at wellesley village church." - abby r.i’m new
new to village church?
why visit?
children & youth
for empty nesters & seniors
stories from our members
membership




worship & music
"when it comes to spirituality, there are many doors into the cathedral." - rev. pam emslieworship & music
worship services
church check-in
order of worship bulletins
music
holidays and special services




get involved
"show up as a servant and leave feeling like a king or queen. the village table provides an 'aha' moment for our church." - gary a.get involved
serve & act
connect
care & support




explore faith
"sunday morning life is the life i've chosen." - phil c.explore faith
family life, children & youth programming
2025 service project trip, santa fe
2025 youth service project fundraising page
spiritual growth for adults
why church? why congregational?




about
"we found a church that is a great church home for our children and a church family that embraced our family with leadership that believes in equality for all god’s children." - keiya m.about
news & announcements
clergy & staff
common life at village church
values, vision & mission
open & affirming
history
pastoral residency program
ministry of last things
service ministry grants
photo galleries




 


livestream
calendar
give
contact us
village church in weston
 



search for:


search



youtubefacebooktwitterinstagram 










 


shining bright on a firm foundation
join us for worship this epiphany season as we reflect on the ways god's light inspires us to share our talents, gifts and blessings.

											learn more										







 


beloved one and all
at village church, we trust that no matter where we are on our journey, no matter where we fall short, we are worthy of receiving and giving love.

											find support										







 


belong here
as newcomers, transplants and natives, when we set down roots, we find our true purpose and support each other.

											why be a member?										







 


 befriend, become, & belong
family life, children’s ministries and youth programs welcome all to explore and grow in faith together.


											learn more										







 


become whole
boisterous debate, candid questioning, and the fire of faith reside in equal measure here.

											find your path										







 


behold together
there is no greater sense of god’s presence than when we gather together, shoulder to shoulder, voices as one, to reflect on and reaffirm our commitment in song, words, and action.

											worship with us										







 


befriend now and always
we nurture and nourish, maintain and sustain what god has entrusted to us. village church commits to being a bridge to a peaceful future for the people and the planet.

											connect with us										







 


choose love. make it real.
even when choosing love is difficult. even when making it real is inconvenient.

											stand with us										







previous
pause
next






 











new to village church?
for two-and-a-half centuries, we have been welcoming newcomers into our hope-filled community of progressive faith and radical love.



															visit us														









 


season of epiphany
shining bright
on a firm foundion
february 23 – season of epiphany

 9:00 am – chapel worship in wellesley
10:00 am – sanctuary worship in wellesley
children & youth programming >
 5:00 pm – worship in weston

 






 


											ways to worshipat village church 										


9:00 am worship
wellesley chapel


															learn more														



10:00 am worship
wellesley sanctuary 


															learn more														



5:00 pm worship 
weston sanctuary


															learn more														









 

open & affirming




"you are welcome. and i am welcome. and all are welcome." we are a community of the curious, the seeker and the sure.


						learn more
					




 

village table documentary




abby duffy and the wellesley high school film club highlight the work that village table does to relieve food insecurity.


						learn more
					




 

one church, two campuses




the congregational church of weston and the wellesley village church voted unanimously to merge to become one united congregation.


						learn more
					








				upcoming events			





				conversations at north hill			




tue, february 18 2:00pm–3:30pm 






				ministry collaborative pup team			




tue, february 18 7:00pm–9:00pm 






				service deacons			




tue, february 18 7:00pm–8:00pm 






				no youth choir tonight (february break)			




wed, february 19 






				labyrinth wednesdays			




wed, february 19 8:30am–12:00pm 






				wednesday bible study			




wed, february 19 10:00am–11:30am 




				see all events							







				latest news			



snecucc article celebrates black history month and a special partnership


to highlight black history month, marlene gasdia-cochrane recently published an article for the snecucc website about the “better together” covenant between charles street ame and village church. the article “who’s the real debtor here?” reflects on the successful collaboration between…



						read more					




notice of village church annual meeting – march 16, 2025


10 am all church worship & annual meeting – sunday, march 16, 2025 (approx.. 11:15 am – in the sanctuary following the 10:00 am sanctuary worship) light lunch and childcare provided. led by joe morray, candace sutcliffe and kathy schleyer,…



						read more					




				see all news							









village church

congregational, united church of christ
wellesley
2 central street, wellesley, ma 02482
(781) 235-1988
office@wellesleyvillagechurch.org
weston
130 newton street, weston ma 02493
(781) 899-5417
megans@wellesleyvillagechurch.org
wellesley congregational church privacy policy statement >



worship times

9 am worship wellesley chapel 
10 am worship wellesley sanctuary
5 pm worship in weston 
hearing assistance available!
induction loop systems are available at wellesley village church in both the chapel and the narthex section of the sanctuary! learn more >



get connected
youtubefacebooktwitterinstagram

						sign up for enews					

© 2025 wellesley village church | site credits





download-audiodownload-transcriptdownload2

dropdownlistenlisten2


podcastsearchvideovideo2

 
blogchatconnectdirectorydonatedownloadfacebookinstagramlinklivestreamnewsoffsite-linkpledgereportsearch-arrowsearch-magnify

sign-uptwittervimeoyoutube










