





welcome to modern senior – proud publisher of the guide to senior housing































skip to content


welcome to modern senior

				proud publisher of the guide to senior housing			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

home
support
cost comparison
contact
 






modern senior



welcome to modern senior
senior in texas
learn more

welcome to senior alternatives, proud publisher of the guide to senior housing, texas’s most comprehensive and trusted housing directory. 
in partnership with the area agency on aging, we are committed to assisting seniors and their loved ones understand their options and make appropriate selections.
this site is intended to provide the most current and complete information available on independent living, assisted living and skilled nursing facilities. 


assisted living
fitness class in a fort worth assisted living facility. recreational and supportive services are critical to well being.


home health care agency

in home health care and live-in care (dallas / fort worth) including dementia and alzheimer’s.


hospice service
a hospice nurse visiting an elderly male patient who is receiving hospice/palliative care in dallas, tx.


types of services
assisted livingassisted living is a residential care option for individuals who typically can no longer live independently. it provides or coordinates services to meet residents’ individualized needs in ways that promote their independence and reflect their personal choices. there are over 26 designations that states use to refer to what is commonly known as ‘assisted living’ and there is no single uniform definition of assisted living. the following is the definition that a large number of national organizations support:assisted living is a state regulated and monitored residential long term care option. assisted living provides or coordinates oversight and services to meet the residents’ individualized scheduled needs, based on the residents’ assessment and service plans and their unscheduled needs as they arise.service provisions must include but are not limited to: 

24-hour awake staff 
provision and oversight of personal and supportive services 
health related services (e.g. medication management services) 
social services 
recreational activities 
meals 
housekeeping and laundry 
transportation 

a resident has the right to make choices and receive services in a manner that promotes dignity, autonomy, independence, and quality of life. these services are disclosed and agreed to in the contract between the provider and resident. assisted living does not generally provide ongoing, 24-hour skilled nursing care.
 there is legislation regulating these types of facilities. three levels of care exist based on the degree of attention and care required by an individual: 


supervisory care: the most basic level of assisted living, only general supervision is generally required and the ability to intervene in a crisis.
personal care: assisted living with the ability to assist with activities of daily living (adl’s). 
directed care: highest level of assisted living for persons incapable of making basic decisions about their own welfare and generally involves intermittent nursing care. 



adult day health carean alternative to 24-hour skilled care service for elderly individuals with cognitive or physical disorders. no long-term contracts are typically required for this type of service. 

alzheimer’s assisted living centresfacilities that are designed for people who are in the early and middle stages of the disease. 

congregate livingsee independent living community

continuing care retirement communityretirement communities that offer independent living, assisted living and nursing care on a single or adjacent campus. in addition to monthly fees, these communities often require a significant entrance fee. see lifecare  

home care agenciesemploy homemakers or chore workers, and companions who support individuals through meal preparation, bathing, dressing and housekeeping. personnel are assigned according to the needs and wishes of each client. arizona does not require these agencies to be licensed.  

home health careskilled nursing care and certain other health care you get in your home for the treatment of an illness or injury. 

hospice servicesservices that provide counseling and overall support to terminally ill persons and their families. rather than focus on cures or rehabilitation, hospice services stress maintaining the individual’s quality of life and personal comfort. hospice services are available in individuals’ homes, hospitals, and many nursing care centers. 

hud senior housinghud – housing and urban development. a federal program that provides affordable independent housing for the elderly and disabled. most individuals that qualify for hud must pay approximately 30% of their monthly income to rent. hud takes care of the remaining 70%. eligibility requirements may include income, assets, and age.  

independent living communityindependent living communities are adult communities intended specifically for independent seniors who want to enjoy an active lifestyle with other seniors. these communities also offer meal plans, housekeeping services, as well as a variety of social activities and entertainment. in addition, exercise classes and wellness programs are generally offered to encourage optimum good health. furthermore, many communities have an abundance of amenities that may include a swimming pool/spa, clubhouse, library, beauty salon/barber shop, fitness room, patrolled security, etc. while local transportation is often offered, many residents still prefer to own an automobile. age requirements for these communities tend to range from none to 55, 60, 62 & 65. these communities may also be refereed to as congregate living or retirement communities. 

lifecare communityretirement communities that offer independent living, assisted living and nursing care on a single or adjacent campus. in addition to monthly fees, these communities often require a significant entrance fee. lifecare typically involves insurance contracts and is therefore regulated by the state insurance department.  

nursing care centresare designed for individuals who require 24-hour supervised skilled nursing care. residents receive meals, housekeeping, assistance with activities of daily living (adl’s) and therapeutic/rehabilitative nursing services. in addition, various recreational and social activities are generally provided. stays can range from a few days to several years depending on the nature of the resident’s physical or mental debilitation. 

respite careservices designed to provide unpaid caregivers a short break from the responsibilities of providing care for an elderly person. the care may last from a few hours to several weeks.

senior apartmentsage restricted apartment communities. these communities may also provide an array of social programs and activities geared toward seniors. 





“you are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.”c. s. lewis








disclosure
while every precaution has been taken to ensure accuracy of this data, senior alternatives, inc. assumes no liability for the information contained herein. senior alternatives, inc. does not have any liability to any person or entity with respect to any loss or damage incurred as a consequence of the use and application, either directly or indirectly, of any information herein. 


get in touch

henrydavid2222@hotmail.com

more ways to get in touch



federal fair housing act
all communities/ facilities participating in this directory are subject to the federal fair housing act. under this act it is appropriate and legal to discriminate in housing based upon certain defined and approved categories such as senior housing; however, the federal fair housing act makes it illegal to discriminate in housing based upon race, color, religion, familial status, national origin, handicap, or sex.










cost comparison
support
contact
 

welcome to modern senior,
proudly powered by wordpress.	footer








