







homepage -tender touch














































































skip to content








 









about us
what we do

rehab services
management services
business services
outpatient services


careers

jobs
refer a friend


contact us
 

 menu


about us
what we do

rehab services
management services
business services
outpatient services


careers

jobs
refer a friend


contact us
 



















your premium rehab provider 



excellence isour only outcome 











tender touch is dedicated to providing the highest quality of physical, occupational, speech, and respiratory therapy services.our goal is to promote clinical excellence and patient and client satisfaction through on-site education, clinical program development, regulatory compliance and comprehensive rehabilitation management. 
















 




 rehab services 



our comprehensive rehabilitation program includes 7-day a week staffing of highly skilled physical, occupational, speech, and respiratory therapists. we service multiple clinical settings, including sub-acute, snf, ltc, and assisted livings. 








 




business services 



our numerous business services ensure your success. they include; medicare and mds consulting, qrp and vbp training, data analytics, claims management, and compliance and regulatory guidance. 








 




managment services 



our comprehensive management model offers rehabilitation program oversight, ongoing education, utilization management, and continuous review of key performance indicators. 








 




outpatient services 



our at home division completes the clinical spectrum by offering rehab services in the comfort of the patient’s home.  at home is uniquely positioned to provide a continuum of care following hospital or snf discharge.  our dedicated therapists are committed to seamless carryover to reduce re-hospitalizations and optimize quality of life.  











 







who we are 







2,700+ 



therapists  







11 



states 







194 



facilities 










reach out today















what we do 



we treat patients with orthopedic injuries, neurological and brain injuries, cardiac and pulmonary illnesses, amputations and prosthetic training needs and general medical conditions. 







sub-acute facilitiessnfsltcs 







assisted living facilitiesoutpatient clinicshospitals 










learn more











 











testimonials 










						"recently my grandmother was treated by the tender touch team.  she left the facility better than she was before she got sick.  they treated her so well, and were as kind to her as if it were their own grandmother.  it was heart warming to know that there are clinicians out there that really care."					


granddaughter of patient at sub acute facilitynew castle county, delaware 






						"i never thought outsourcing a rehab program could run so smoothly and be so well integrated with our facility staff.  thank you, thank you, thank you!"					


owner, sub-acute facilityocean county, nj 






						"as a rehab manager, i receive continued training, ongoing support from my regional manager, collaboration from other rehab managers in my region and staffing coverage when needed.  tender touch has been flexible in allowing me to work at facilities close to my home with a schedule that matches my family needs."					


pt supervisor at sub acute facilitymonmouth county, nj 






						"what can i say but 'wow!'  we were satisfied with our old rehab program, but you've shown us the difference between 'good' and 'great'!  thanks again for making it happen."					


administrator, skilled nursing facilitybronx, ny 






						"your therapists have gone above and beyond the call of duty.  they are a credit to their profession and the tender touch company."					


unit manager, sub-acute facilitybergen county, nj 






						"my rehab team was the best!  they helped me regain my independence so i could go home to my family.  how can i say thank you to my pt and ot who cared enough, and had the skills to help me get well?"					


discharged resident of sub acute facilitycamden county, nj 






						"as vice president and compliance officer, it's imperative for me to work for a company that demonstrates integrity and honesty.  our ceo leads by example and personifies responsible corporate behavior and adherence to the code of ethics we set forth."					


vice presidentcorporate office 






						"tender touch has paved the way towards my clinical and professional growth.  the support they give me and the continuous training they provide, have molded me to become the competent therapist i am today."					


tender touch employeeunion county, nj 





 previous


 next





















 







follow us on social media 






linkedin
 



facebook
 



instagram
 



tiktok
 










corporate headquarters400 nj-70lakewood, new jersey 08701phone: 888-400-rehab (7342) 







copyright 2024 – all rights reserved tender touch rehab services 



































