


induction home page







 














    owing to the screen size of your device, you may obtain a better viewing experience by
    rotating your device a quarter-turn (to get the so-called "panorama" screen view).
  


 







       an owlcroft company web site
      

click here to email us.


the induction site


     search this site, or just roll your cursor over the colored boxes below the pictures.
    







  advertisement:








  advertisement:





















       basics  ▼ 




our home page



how induction works



the pros and the cons



kitchen electricity 101



replacing existing ranges



radiation—a hazard?



further information



faqs (frequently asked questions)






       selecting ▼ 




selecting a unit




buying a unit




induction-cooking 
           accessories






       cookware ▼ 




cookware for induction
           cooking




“seasoning”
           cast-iron cookware






       cookbooks ▼ 

 


selected cookbooks, by 
           category   ◂
 


· selected basic 
               cookbooks




· selected 
               general cookbooks




· selected 
               specialized cookbooks




· selected 
               regional cookbooks




· selected 
               miscellaneous cookbooks







how we selected our “selected” cookbooks




a cookbook library





 





induction home page






“‘begin at the beginning,’ the king said, very gravely, ‘and go on till you come to the end: then stop.’”
—lewis carroll


quick page jumps:

“the beginning”: about induction
ancillaries

induction cookware
cookbooks


using this site



the beginning: about induction
let us make a simple, flat statement:

cooking with an induction cooktop or range is simply the best way to cook, 
   for professionals in a work environment or just for the average household.

as you will soon see, that bold statement can be solidly supported--both by hard facts and the opinions of top professional chefs and of countless serious home chefs.


induction cooking is not some radical new technology: it has long been widely used around the world, both by professionals and homeowners.  but in the last few years the technology has improved so much--and the costs have dropped so much--that a new wave of equipment, for both commercial and residential uses, has become available and is so overwhelmingly superior that it bids fair to almost completely capture the field for new installations worldwide in the next few years.
(a usenet cooking-group poster from england noted a while back that her sister there, who had recently got an induction hob (cooktop) installed, had reported "her kitchen fitters [contractors] sell as many induction hobs as gas, radient/solid ring, and halogen hobs put together.")
with induction-cooking equipment being now better than ever while yet more affordable than ever, it is our hope that this site will help spread sound knowledge of induction, this wonderful way to cook.

this site is your internet headquarters for information on induction cooking.  here, we explain just what induction is and how and why it differs drastically from all other cooking methods, examine in honest detail the advantages and the drawbacks to induction, and give you some pointers at the great mass of information available on the topic, and even look at good-quality induction-ready cookware.


for a long time, this site had a comprehensive product database of induction-equipment makers worldwide and—especially important—all of their induction-cooking products, with product statistics and even prices.  we included both “commercial” and “household” equipment, so this site could be of use to anyone concerned with cooking, professional or amateur.  but this site is a one-man operation, and a sideline at that: it is simply no longer possible for me to keep up with the countless new units coming (and going) with great frequency, so the database (and sale options) have been abandoned.  sorry.  but the information here should still be of great value to anyone interested in just what induction cooking is, how it works, and what to look for in equipment.


ancillaries
induction cookware

we also have a page on good cookware—not just "good for induction use", but really good--it's worthwhile reading for every cook, whether or not you have or are contemplating getting induction.

using this site
for your convenience is using this site, every page on it has a full, color-coded site directory at the top of the page.  the directory’s color-coding is intended to make it easier for you to see what broad subject areas each linked page falls under, and we hope it’s more helpful than confusing.
meanwhile, for those of you first viewing this site, here is a quick summary of the key topics and pages here.  this is not by any means a complete list of every page on this site, but it covers the ones a newcomer here will likely be most interested in.

a basic education on induction:

how induction 
        works: which explains why it is different from all other cooking
        methods
the pros and the
        cons: an honest appraisal of the advantages and disadvantages
kitchen electricity
        101: important things you should know about power
replacing existing 
        combination stoves: problems with and solutions for replacing "slide-in" 
        range/oven combination units
radiation—a
        hazard? scientifically sound assessments (and no, it's not a 
        hazard)
further
        information: links to other internet induction-cooking resources
faqs: answers to 
        frequently asked questions—with some material not found elsewhere on the
        site

help on selecting and buying:

selecting a
        unit: how to decide which units are exactly right for you
buying a
        unit: generic advice and tips

about cookware:

cookware for 
        induction cooking: what defines excellent cookware, whether for induction or
        not



moreover, if—after looking through all the resources here--you still have some unanswered questions relating to induction, please feel free to use the email us link available at the top left of every page of this site; we can’t promise we'll answer instantly, but we will answer.  (not necessarily instantly because the "we" of this site is, in fact, one person—i am not a big company or organization, just a devotee of induction.)








  advertisement:








  advertisement:










perhaps interested in growing some of your own vegetables and 
    fruits to cook with?  click here to visit the growing taste gourmet 
    home-gardening web site!


like wine with your food (or on its own)?  click here to visit 
    that useful wine site: advice & recommendations for both 
    novices and experts.




     all content copyright © 2002 - 2025 by 
     
the owlcroft company.
  


    this web page is strictly compliant with the w3c
    
     (world wide web consortium)
    

    extensible hypertext markup language (xhtml) protocol 
    
     v1.0 (transitional)
    

    and the w3c cascading style sheets (css) protocol
    v3 — because 
    
we care about interoperability.  click on the logos below to test us!
  
 











this page was last modified on monday, 22 january 2024, at 12:46 am pacific time.
  






