       
	northwestern energy | delivering a bright future.
                                          skip      welcome to the northwestern energy website. please choose a state/region below so we can deliver you the most personalized and relevant site experience possible.
             montana    south dakota    nebraska    or choose a state from the menu below:  please select a state montana south dakota nebraska    get started      skip to main content back to top



  

outages
pay your bill
start, stop, move service
customer service
search  the site
 select service area
    

  

       login             menu    


log in to my energy account

login to your account







additional options:
real estate agents
community action agencies

property management (continuous service agreement) 

 




            account services
                






create & manage accountstart, stop, move servicefor businessconstruction servicesoutage map and reportingservice & payment locationsoil and gas royalties



for business

business services
key accounts
property management services
real estate services
 




            billing & payment
                






payment optionsbilling optionsunderstanding your billpayment arrangementspayment assistancehelp your neighborrates & tariffsways to save


worried about paying your bill?

we're here to help. if you have concerns about paying your bill, reach out to us right away. there are assistance programs that may be able to help.

learn more

 




            clean energy
                






net zero by 2050where does your energy come from?responsible operationsour environmental projectshow you can helphydropower

how you can help make a differencelearn more about our environmental stewardship in the environment issue of bright magazine.read bright magazine
 




            safety
                






report a safety issueoutage safetyelectric safetynatural gas & propane safetyhydroelectric safetycommunity safetykids cornerwildfire safety

report an emergencysafety is one of our core values and an integral part of our mission at northwestern energy. we do not sacrifice safety for any reason..
 visit our safety page
 




            in your community
                






charitable programsscholarshipseconomic developmentenvironmental projectshelping create a bright future

charitable givingnorthwestern energy wants to make the communities we serve better places to live, work and prosper.apply here
 




            investor relations
                






financial results/webcastsinvestor informationinvestor conference presentationssec filingssubsidiary financial statements (incl. ferc)shareholder report & proxy materialscorporate governancecorporate sustainability


2023 annual report

reliability, affordability and sustainability are the pillars that guide us as we adapt and react to the changing energy landscape and find innovative solutions to meet our growing demand for capacity. learn more in our 2023 annual report.

read our annual report

 




            about us
                






our companycareersgas & electricenvironmental, social & governanceour clean energy portfolioour projectsrates & tariffsnews, articles & eventssupplier diversity helping create a bright futurepowerful historyour publications

helping create a bright futurebright magazineour monthly newsletterpowerful historyour publicationsbright storiesmontana electric supply planningsouth dakota electric supply planning 



my energy login


popular destinations


pay your bill


start, stop, move service
 

outages



customer service




 


search the site:








search







    close search

  


select your state/service area:


please select a state
montana
south dakota
nebraska


 why are we doing this? 





why do we ask you to select a service area?
                knowing where your account is located will help us show you information and alerts about your specific area.            



close set location   








understanding winter energy use
even if you don't adjust your thermostat, your heater is working harder to maintain the same indoor temperature when it's cold outside.
learn more








log in to my energy account

login to your account
register for my energy account







additional login options:
real estate agentscommunity action agenciesproperty management (continuous service agreement) 










pay your bill online












payment confirmation












start, stop, move service












report an outage












view live outage map























careers

our employees are our company’s backbone – without them, we could not successfully deliver safe, clean, reliable energy service to our customers.

explore careers











energy for montana's future

learn how we are planning for a clean future.

check out the plan











wildfire safety

your safety is our commitment. learn how we're protecting our communities from the growing threat of wildfires.

view our plan













your energy at a glance







61%
of our electric generation in montana comes from carbon-free sources




44%
of the electricity we generate for south dakota comes from wind projects




$1 billion
invested in clean energy initiatives in the last decade













where does your energy come from?






where does your energy come from?
at northwestern energy, our goal is to provide our customers reliable energy at the lowest long-term cost. we do this through a balanced mix of safe, reliable, affordable and clean energy. our electric portfolio is built on the carbon-free hydro system, along with wind, coal, gas and solar. this mix of renewable and traditional resources helps us keep energy bills as affordable and predictable as possible.our planning team produces a comprehensive, long-term plan updated every two to three years. the planning process includes stakeholder meetings that are open to the public.

view our hourly electrical generation by source












latest news & upcoming events
northwestern energy is a community within many communities. we are close to 1,600 individuals working collectively to build stronger communities in montana, nebraska and south dakota through the production, generation and delivery of electricity and natural gas.

see latest news and upcoming events










excellence in diversity: america's greatest workplaces 2024






excellence in diversity: america's greatest workplaces 2024
at northwestern energy, we are proud to be named one of america's greatest workplaces 2024 for diversity by newsweek and plant-a insights group. with a full five-star score, this prestigious recognition is a testament to our commitment to creating an inclusive and diverse workplace. join us and be a part of our award-winning team.

explore career opportunities at northwestern energy










celebrating 100 powerful years






celebrating 100 powerful years
to honor a successful centennial and celebrate our future. from our humble beginnings to our present-day operations, we have come a long way in delivering reliable and affordable energy to our customers.

watch centennial celebration video






       

  


helpful links

customer service
billing & payment
service & payment locations
careers
bcbsmt medical machine readable files
accessibility





are you...

a business
a real estate agent
a contractor
a member of the media
a property manager
an investor





follow us



facebook
                            



x
                            



youtube
                            



linkedin
                            



instagram
                            




       © 2025 northwestern energy. all rights reserved.   

privacy policy
po terms & conditions - mt
po terms & conditions - sd-ne

           external link disclaimer       continue return to site        