







the review of metaphysics: a philosophical quarterly





































the review of metaphysics: a philosophical quarterly


the review of metaphysics: a philosophical quarterly







skip to content


home
contents

contributors
abstracts


subscriptions

students
retired
individual
institutions
sustaining institutions


prices and policies

online access
back issues
purchasing articles


contact

submissions
advertising


sustaining institutions
philosophy education society
 

search for:



 












welcome to the review of metaphysics, a philosophical quarterly founded by paul weiss and published by the philosophy education society, inc.
the	review of metaphysics is devoted to the promotion of technically competent, definitive contributions to philosophical knowledge. not associated with any school or group, not the organ of any association or institution, it is interested in persistent, resolute inquiries into root questions, regardless of the writer’s affiliations.
published for over seventy-five years, the review of metaphysics has established itself as an unrivaled resource for the profession both in the major research libraries of the world and in the private libraries of professors, scholars, and students of philosophy. among the top english-language journals in circulation, and boasting one of the largest foreign circulations, the review offers its reader an overview of contemporary philosophy and the opportunity to assess its developing currents.
* * *
our content is available online. search by issue, author, or keyword at project muse or jstor.
* * *
new submission policy: the review welcomes submissions by email. send manuscripts prepared for blind review and related correspondence to the editor at  mail@reviewofmetaphysics.org.
* * *
please use the menu above to find information on our contributors, past issues, subscribing and renewing online, how to submit articles, the dissertation essay contest, and more.






proudly powered by wordpress.
					theme: libretto by wordpress.com.			










