




 















        fri-jado - making food irresistible    







































































 


















english



nederlands



français



deutsch



español



us





homenew productsall-new hot deli counterthe brand new space savermtt hot table top displaymcc hot & cold food displaysmdd hot multi deck displayproductsfood displays and merchandisersstimulate impulse sales with our grab and go displayshot merchandisersgrab-and-go multi-decks: in-store impulse purchase generatorshot countertop displaysthe compact plug & play display solution hot & cold food displaysour modular displays offer you the best, in every aspecthot & cold drop-in food displaysour modular displays also available as drop-in modelsambient food displaysthe same modular design displays for food at room temperatureambient drop-in food displaysdrop-in models for easy integration in your own conceptdeli countersdeli counters enhance product visibility, preserve food quality, attract customers, and boost saleshot & cold deli countersturn your food into profits with these full serve deli counters. hot, cold, drop-in or with underframe, modular design.cold custom counterscustom counter for more flexibility, more freshness, more profit. rotisseriesmeet our rotisserie range - elevating the art of roasting for maximum sales impactsmart auto-clean rotisseriesfri-jado's tdr auto-clean: for a spotless rotisserie, every daysmart rotisseriesroasting delicious products while creating attractionmanual rotisseriesmanual rotisseries for crispy, delicious and appetizing productscombi ovensdesigned for food retail - go. fits in. stands out.go combibring quality and consistency to all your food outletssupportresource libraryhow-to video librarywarrantychef supportnewsabout usabout usour officescontactvacanciessustainabilitycontact us 









home
new products

all-new hot deli counter
the brand new space saver
mtt hot table top display
mcc hot & cold food displays
mdd hot multi deck display


products

food displays and merchandisers

hot merchandisers
hot countertop displays
hot & cold food displays
hot & cold drop-in food displays
ambient food displays
ambient drop-in food displays


deli counters

hot & cold deli counters
cold custom counters


rotisseries

smart auto-clean rotisseries
smart rotisseries
manual rotisseries


combi ovens

go combi




support

resource library
how-to video library
warranty
chef support


news
about us

about us
our offices
contact
vacancies
sustainability


contact us














taste
superior quality 
discover fri-jado equipment 

smell
irresistible food 
discover fri-jado equipment 

feel
good
discover fri-jado equipment 

see
endless possibilities 
discover fri-jado equipment 

hear
the vibe
discover fri-jado equipment 


















































fri-jado - since 1937
making food irresistible
pleasing the five senses: that’s what it’s all about when customers enter your store. make your deli or food-to-go department a clear showpiece that provides a true food experience. innovation, design, production and distribution on-site: these are fri-jado’s strengths since 1937. fri-jado, always your safe choice!








food display unitsrotisseriescombi steamersdeli counters 










food display units
in-store impulse generators
serve food-to-go as fresh as the moment it was made! all units are plug & play and can be situated everywhere in your store providing impulse buy anytime. 

discover more 






rotisseries
nothing beats a rotisserie! 
selling chicken, ribs, roast and casseroles from a fri-jado tdr rotisserie seduces customers towards impulse sales! our tdr’s are known for cooking a rotisserie chicken as it is meant to be! crispy and delicious while maintaining their attractive appearance for hours after the preparation process.

discover more 






combi ovens
go. fits in. stands out.
fri-jado go is the first combi oven that has been designed with the specific requirements of food retailers in mind.  the simplicity of the customizable user interface with preset and locked programs makes the go operator friendly and results in consistency even with unskilled staff. 
discover more 






deli counters
appetizing product presentation
a true sense of freshness: that's what it's all about when customers enter your store. that's why you would like to prepare, present and preserve your hot and cold deli products in the most irresistible way. discover what our heated & refrigerated counters can do for your food retail environment.
discover more 








superior holding                                                    

maximum visibility                                                    

versatility                                                    







boosting sales                                                    

quality roasting                                                    

high peak output                                                    







multifunctional                                                    

simplicity                                                    

low tco                                                    







hot meets cold                                                    

superior holding                                                    

bespoke design                                                     















making food irresistible
at fri-jado, we enrich food retail and food-to-go environments.
at fri-jado, we believe that an innovative and appetizing food experience can truly enrich any  food retail environment. we provide food retailers around the world with the latest technology  that makes their food products stand out. we engage their customers in the food preparation  process with eye-catching front-cooking solutions. when it comes to fresh food presentation, our  hot and refrigerated counters provide a crystal clear product view combined with perfect holding conditions.








0+
active in over 70 countries


0+
years in business


#0
in professional rotisseries


0k +
installations








ready to discover?

                        we will contact you as soon as possible                    
yes, i am ready to discover!  
















sign up for our newsletter


your email address*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  












by submitting you agree to the privacy policy of fri-jado








products

food displays and merchandisers
deli counters
rotisseries
combi ovens


about us

our offices
news
resource library








design & development by de indruk

© 2025 fri jado
disclaimer
terms & conditions
privacy policy
teamviewer




cookies on frijado.comwe use functional, marketing and tracking cookies to improve your experience on our website. accept cookies rejectinstellingen aanpassen




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






                                functional                            


functional




functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







                                performance                            


performance




performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







                                analytics                            


analytics




analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







                                advertisement                            


advertisement




advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







                                others                            


others




other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept











































