

























the premiere golf course in phoenix, az | quintero golf club




































































928.501.1500



home
about

reservation policy
cancellation policy
event calendar
book an event
book a wedding
bbq menu
accolades
golfing in arizona
destination golf
articles


the course

scorecard


golf instruction
menu item
stay & play

terrace casita
executive loft


online store
media

news & media
content filming inquiry


contact
 










phoenix's premier golf course

it's tee time.
the quintero golf club offers players the consummate golfing experience in the scottsdale phoenix area. ranked as the “best public course” by both golf digest and golfweekly magazines in 2017, the course was designed by master golf course architect rees jones. experience arizona golfing at its very best.
top 40 course in the u.s.

best public course 2023

book your tee time below

az resident
non-resident


single player
resident
non-resident























a course fit for royalty
artistically carved out of a pristine piece of lush arizona desert, quintero golf course is described as the “purest golf experience” in the southwest, testing players at every level of expertise in the game.









play in style & seclusion
enter a secluded world free from distraction, styled in the tradition of some of the world’s most celebrated golf courses. enjoy the strategic bunker placement, generous landing areas, and some of the smoothest bentgrass greens in the southwest.
if you want to dive into our lush arizona golf course, luxurious accommodations, or precision golf instruction, we’re just a click away.
contact us











rental clubs




quintero golf offers ping rental clubs. call to get more info 928.501.1500.







take the flyover tour











your new favorite destination
every year, quintero golf club in phoenix is ranked among the country’s best golf courses, comparable to the country’s most acclaimed championship courses -- a “must-play” for committed golfers. quintero offers fresh challenges for scratch players, demanding exacting shots from tee to green.
located less than an hour northwest of phoenix sky harbor airport and artfully sculpted from the high sonoran desert, playing our scottsdale golf course, quintero, is simply extraordinary. visitors have the option to stay and play in one of the designer-decorated homes located on the grounds of the club, with units that provide guests with every amenity imaginable, for a carefree, luxurious, relaxing golf vacation.







convenience and accessibility
book a tee time with the touch of your fingertips by downloading our easy-to-use app to ensure you reserve the game time you want, no matter where your travels may take you, and take advantage of our online store for exclusive deals.









beyond a mere round
the quintero golf club is available for corporate golfing getaways, tournaments, weddings venues, and events. every detail will be managed with consummate skill, providing members and guests with the finest playing surfaces along with challenging shots, with the added benefit of a staff that offers warm personal hospitality, providing for your every need. for an unforgettable, exclusive golfing experience, make a trip to quintero an essential part of your itinerary when visiting the phoenix scottsdale area.
experience the game of golf at its very best. book a tee time or the ultimate golfing vacation at quintero golf course in phoenix, az area.







book a tee time
az resident
non-resident


single player
resident
non-resident








find us on instagram
stay up to date with all of our latest events and happenings by following quintero golf club on instagram
 follow us










quintero golf club: ranked #1
















quintero is the recipient of a long list of accolades, ranked as “best,” “top,” and #1 by a wide range of professional organizations and golf publications since 2007. some of the most recent honors include:


best public course – ranked #1 by golf digest, 2017
best public course – ranked #1 by golfweek magazine, 2017
best public course – ranked #1 by arizona foothills magazine, 2016
ranked #1 in arizona – by golfadvisor.com


these accolades reflect the outstanding quality of our impressive rees jones-designed course, and the totally immersive golf experience the club provides members and visitors. quintero is a challenging championship course, and ranked as one of the best places to have a pure golfing experience in the southwest. the smoothest greens, the most challenging shots, and the stunning desert environment make quintero a must-play for serious golfers. experience golfing at its best, in style and seclusion, with strategic bunker placement, generous landing areas, and the smoothest greens in the southwest – simply perfect. 









book your wedding at quintero golf club







for an extraordinary wedding venue nestled in seclusion in the pristine arizona desert, quintero golf club has outstanding amenities. the accommodations were built with attention to every detail for maximum enjoyment, and make a destination wedding truly memorable. the pure, sparkling desert air, the lush greens, and the natural landscape make the perfect backdrop for your important day. speak with our friendly, helpful staff to find out more about holding your wedding in an environment that is above and beyond the expected. for golf-obsessed couples, or couples who are seeking a venue for a desert wedding in a stunning environment, quintero has everything you could imagine in service, amenities, and location.

check for availability










16752 w state route 74 | 
peoria, az 85383 | 
928.501.1500 | 
quintero golf course







© 2025 quintero golf course. all rights reserved.
sitemap | privacy policy | terms of use

4.7 stars from 782 reviews
                    







site hosted and marketed by plastic surgery studios





this site uses cookies to make the site simpler. further information is provided in our privacy policy.
accept





thank you for choosing the arizona resident rate option. this rate is available to arizona residents only; each guest must have a valid az driver’s license to receive the az resident rate. the following will apply at check-in:
valid arizona driver’s license must be presented at time of check in.
rate applies only to the az resident, not valid for the entire group.
if a valid az driver’s license is not provided at check-in, you will be responsible for the current non-resident or rack rate at quintero’s discretion.
please confirm agreement by checking below and to continue with booking.
i agree














