



















custom pools | hot tubs & gunite pools | natural inground swimming pools in new hampshire, massachusetts & maine


















































































603-431-7800

get the pool you want!









 

menu
home
about us

our process
our commitment
our team
our family


swimming pools

residential pools
residential gallery
commercial pools
commercial gallery
renovations
gunite vs vinyl liner


spas & hot tubs

jacuzzi® hot tubs
spa benefits
spa maintenance


service & maintenance

our guarantee
service options
troubleshooting


contact us

contact us
careers


 



















































custom pools
our pools are designed and built with both structural integrity and elegant design in mind. from the initial design stage, all the way through the construction process, your pool will always be designed and built with the highest quality standards in the industry. contact us today for a design consultation!
about our process



hot tubs & spas
finding the right jacuzzi® hot tub for you has never been easier.  discover the perfect 3 person hot tub, 4 person hot tub, 6 person hot tub or 8 person hot tub for your space and learn why jacuzzi® is the best hot tub brand in the industry.
view hot tubs



service
customer service is our biggest priority. our entire staff, from sales to store personnel and service crews, has received cpo (certified pool/spa operator) certification from the national swimming pool foundation. this special training ensures the highest safety standards are delivered to you and your family.
service options





open year round!

welcome to custom pools. we’ve been building pools with a commitment to quality since 1968. now, with three generations in the business and over 5000 pools in the ground, we’re here to help you design and build the custom pool of your dreams. with our certified, experienced team, you can trust the area’s original custom pool company for a quality gunite pool that you’ll love for years to come. no matter how big or small your project, our mission is to make you and your family happy. from our family to yours, we look forward to helping you get the pool you want this season.







residential pool gallery

view residential gallery


watch our featured video













commercial pool gallery

view commercial gallery

















newington show room 
373 shattuck way, newington, nh 03801
(603) 431-7800
monday-friday: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
saturday: 9:00 am - 3:00 pm
sunday: closed

 

financing available


					click for financing options
					 

contact us 


 






















 






						© custom pools 2023. all rights reserved.
						
site map
careers
contact us
 






























