



valley bevelling corporation - excellence in glass and mirror since 1980.




















































valley bevelling corporation


excellence in glass and mirror since 1980



skip to content
home
contact
terms of sale
products

architectural glass
standard glass and mirror
bevelled mirror corners, tees, and squares
anodized aluminum extrusions
bevelled mirror strips
acrylic mirror plates and grills
supplies


services

bevelling
edging
drilling and notching
tempering
crating and shipping
delivery


radius corner guide
tolerances and weights
 






home


established in 1980, valley bevelling corporation is a custom fabricator of flat glass and mirror products to customer specifications. the first business of its type in arizona, valley bevelling has grown with the state by emphasizing customer service, quality products, competitive pricing, and above all fairness and honesty in all of our dealings. our wide range of capabilities allows us to supply most any needs that you would have in flat glass or mirror. cutting, bevelling, edging, grinding, drilling, sandblasting, plate grooves, ground finger pulls, and much more can be supplied on a wide range of glass and mirror types, shapes, and sizes. some of the products we produce are stand alone mirrors, mirrors for mirrored walls, table tops, table inserts, cabinet shelving, shelving for custom installations, door inserts, mirror strips, clock inserts, lighting fixture glass, artistic pieces, and much much more. also available through valley bevelling are supplies to complete your glass or mirror installation. these include aluminum extrusions, acrylic mirror plates, adhesives, and cleaners. thank you for visiting valley bevelling corporation. we look forward to assisting you with your glass and mirror needs.













 4626 s. 33rd pl. · phoenix · arizona 85040 · united states 



 1-800-658-5839 



 copyright © 2025 valley bevelling corporation 



return to top 




					valley bevelling corporation				


proudly powered by wordpress.














