


hrana janto, illustration & illumination

















hrana janto
illustration & illumination









home  |  goddess
          oracle  |  goddess
          gallery  |  art
          prints 
illustration techniques  |  book
    covers  |  children's  |  fantasy |  foils  |  history  |  bio  |  contact











goddesses
the the
        goddess oracle is  available worldwide!  
        this wildly successful
        divination deck and book set is again availible in  english, published by u.s. games   (and also  in spanish, portugese, dutch,
           and german).    details on availability
        are available here.
the goddess images  in the goddess oracle are drawn from hrana's          goddess
           icon series, appearing in the
           goddess gallery and in many
           forms throughout the world.  
           


equine art
hrana showed this watercolor at the horses in the sun (hits) equestrian art show in the saugurties, new york. this was painted for the equestrian art charity auction at theshow grounds, after being displayed at woodstock's fletcher gallery. see hrana's equine art page for more of her  horse paintings.


encyclopedia of goddesses and heroines
           see the new gallery of brush-stroke style painting that hrana created for  patricia monaghan's encyclopedia of goddesses and heroines 











 

 

cerridwen 
        and skadi
        greeting cards  





 


 
 
 




 
  108
              yoga poses >
              108 brush paintings by hrana in a wonderful yoga book by ami jayaprada.

 < book covers
                  by popular demand, dozens of hrana's published
              book covers. 
see my fey fantasy foils!







children's 
check out my latest children's pieces, two new elementary school readers for sra/mcgraw-hill, how thor got his hammer back, and the slave and the lion.

          numerous children's illustrations for book covers, magazines 
          and stories. 
          all that children love--tasty images for tales
           of magic, mystery, beastly dragons,
            strong princesses, and little furry
             bunnies.  





 




fantasy
venture into the lands of faeries, 
          dragons, warriors, kings, queens, 
          and all manner of phantasmagorical beasties. 
          spend a timeless moment, or perhaps eternity, in the twilight world-between-the-worlds. much of my fantasy work has been published in myth & magic and goddess calendars.
right: detail of my cover for llewellyn's enchantment of the faerie realm  





 




history
does sir gawain survive the challenge of the fearsome green 
          knight? 
          how did isis find her long-lost 
          osirus, and did she bring him back from the dead? what magic lies 
          within the sacred cauldron? how did spartan 
          warriors pass secret messages during battle?
find clues to these and other mysteries in my historical 
          and mythological paintings.  







original fine art goddess paintings available
dozens of  unique originals are available!  also
          medieval replica works, mythological illustrations, and book cover
          originals; many of the images on this site..
attractive pricing starting from $400 for miniatures up to several
           thousand for larger (12" ~ 15") works.  
        please inquire about images you are particularly interested in.         
if you can't afford an original, fine
             art reproductions of my work are available from $20 each. 





 




art available by license and commission
like what you've seen? for specific images, i custom-paint on both 
          comission and royalty contracts. you can buy a painting or drawing outright, 

          or commission its creation and first-use or exclusive rights to its 
          reproduction. originals for some of the pictured works are available. 
          ask about re-use fees for 
          existing works.  





 




about the artist
here's my biography and partial client 
          list. 
basically, i follow my fascinations: art, imagination, creation, mythology, 
          and the sacred.  





 




how to contact me
send me e-mail--- if we need 
          to to talk on the phone or set up a meeting, we can make further arrangements. 
          be sure to include your return address and contact information.
thanks for visiting!  

 





 






note: all images and text herein copyright hrana janto, 1985 ~ 2015, all rights reserved. 
please do not copy or redistribute any of my images without 
      first obtaining written permission from me. thank you. 
site design & more provided by  sound 
      visions consulting.  
 


