


coaching for extraordinary jobs
























    
	coaching for extraordinary jobs
	
  
articles from coaches around the world to help you discover what you really want out of life.



friday, august 11, 2006



	 to linger in expectation (de-stressing your life)
    


the idea behind the company's new dvd is to introduce participants to a form of visual art that teases both the body's and mind's eye. the dvd's animation has had an unusually powerful effect on those who have used it for both relaxation and meditation. whether a means to relaxation or turning the new flat-screen tv into a moving piece of contemporary art, this dvd is an easy, drug-free way to find relief from the stress of today's hectic life.overland park, ks (prweb) july 11, 2006 -- curious dreams, an innovative animation and graphic design company announced that it is offering a new, artistic solution for people looking for an easy, drug-free way to find relief from the stress of today's hectic life. the company's newly released dvd "tarriance" (to linger in expectation) is a visual journey into color, shape and movement.the idea behind the company's new dvd is to introduce participants to a form of visual art that teases both the body's and mind's eye. the fluid and intricate movement of the animation compels the participant to focus, slow down and become part of the visual experience. combined with the viewer's own choice of music, the dvd's animation has had an unusually powerful effect on those who have used it for both relaxation and meditation. moving pictures of a fish tank this dvd is not!according to a report sponsored by the national institute for occupational safety and health, as much as 90 percent of illness and disease can in some way be related to stress, stress and anxiety have been associated with everything from heart attacks to suppressed immune systems. the search for an easy means of relief is not new, but it is certainly an ongoing search for almost everyone. curious dreams' new dvd, tarriance, just might find its way into being a tool used by many looking for that simple, affordable and easy alternative that they use at the end of the day or with friends on the weekend. working with her husband in developing this unique dvd, beverley herrick says, "i didn't realize at first how much our dvd would provide us our own personal relaxation. after viewing this dvd time and time again, i am still fascinated by the colors and depth of its flowing movement.""we wanted to create an artistic visual aid for the average person when he or she is looking for a way to relax or enter into meditation. it's also a great way to add an artistic ambience to just about any surrounding, at home or the office." says roch herrick, co-creator of the tarriance dvd.roch and beverley herrick are graphics designers whose work has been used by prominent clients throughout the us. their newest clients, buyers of the tarriance dvd, profess keen enthusiasm for the product. whether a means to relaxation or turning the new flat-screen tv into a moving piece of contemporary art, the affordable $19.95 dvd promises to be a great addition to the dvd library in everyone's home.for more information, visit www.curiousdreams.com.



posted by kim davis @ 1:05 pm  
      
         37 comments






sunday, august 06, 2006



	 dennis bakke’s ‘joy at work’ now in paperback
    


an instant new york times, wall street journal, and business week bestseller when published in hardcover last year, “joy at work” spawned a small workplace revolution, as employees from all over north america put bakke’s approach into practice.seattle, wa (prweb) july 17, 2006 -- what if you worked in a company where “management” and “labor” were the same, “org. charts” and hr departments didn’t exist, and everyone was trusted to make their own decisions? you’d work in a company like aes—the worldwide energy giant that dennis bakke co-founded and built into a multi-billion dollar company—where 40,000 employees in 31 countries sought not the “fun” of the “casual” friday but the joy of making decisions on monday.dennis bakke’s “joy at work: a revolutionary approach to fun on the job” (pvg; july 17, 2006; $14.95) is about the purpose of business and how he created one of the most fun workplaces in history. the average american puts in 111,800 hours at work in their lifetime, and bakke’s passion is to create workplaces where every person, from custodian to ceo, has the power to use his or her god-given talents to experience joy throughout those 50 or 60-hour work weeks.an instant new york times, wall street journal, and business week bestseller when published in hardcover last year, “joy at work” spawned a small workplace revolution, as employees from all over north america put bakke’s approach into practice.now available for the first time in paperback, this breakthrough work provides a blueprint for management to model, where employees genuinely look forward to work—not just a place to pick up a paycheck. bakke outlines his unorthodox joy at work approach regarding corporate structure, decision-making, compensation, and maps out guidelines on how to build an organization where every team member can say: “thank god it’s monday.”dennis bakke resides in arlington, virginia, and is available for interviews beginning july 17. visit www.dennisbakke.com to learn more about the joy at work approach.about the authordennis bakke (www.dennisbakke.com) co-founded aes in 1982, and served as its president and ceo from 1994-2002. currently, he serves as president and ceo of imagine schools (www.imagineschools.com), which operates elementary and secondary charter schools according to the aes model: reducing middle management, putting budget and other decisions directly in the hands of teachers, and making it fun to work at school.press contacts:tammy richards-lesure - 817-453-6166pamela cannon - 917-930-1685pvg is the publisher of dennis bakke’s “joy at work.” founded in 2004 by mark pearson, the seattle-based company’s mission is to serve the world with quality books.



posted by kim davis @ 1:55 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 interior decorator voted most fun job
    


when asked, "which of these jobs do you think would be the most fun?” nearly 40% of respondents voted for interior decorating in a survey at learningandlife.com (http://www.learningandlife.com), which features career tips, education advice and school listings. next came fashion merchandising (23%), followed by video game design (21%), and trailed by professional chef (16%). this parallels growing consumer interest in design and home improvement shows.(prweb) july 17, 2006 -- when asked, "which of these jobs do you think would be the most fun?" nearly 40% of respondents voted for interior decorating in a survey at learningandlife.com, which features career tips, education advice and school listings. next came fashion merchandising (23%), followed by video game design (21%), and trailed by professional chef (16%). this parallels growing consumer interest in home design and improvement shows. extreme makeover: home edition saw a leap from 10 million viewers a show in march of 2004 to nearly 17 million viewers in march of 2006.while respondents considered interior decorating and design a fun career, it is also a very competitive field. the bureau of labor statistics (bls) reports a current labor force of 65,000 interior decorators and designers. for people looking for a strong community of designers, arizona, colorado, district of columbia, florida, and georgia have the highest number of interior decorators and designers per capita. in d.c., a good interior designer can enjoy an annual salary of around $61,000. california, massachusetts, nevada, and new york round out the top five highest average salaries. however, the number one metropolitan area for annual salary is santa fe, n.m. with a yearly income of approximately $76,000.the learningandlife.com career poll received over 3,000 responses. interior decorator was the clear winner with over 1,200 votes--40% of the total response. perhaps uncertainty over what exactly constitutes fashion "merchandising" made this career second choice with a little over half as many votes. third place for video game design, with 21% of the vote, was no surprise. consumers clearly would rather play video games than design them. and very few people were seduced by the glamour of celebrity chefs; professional chef came in fourth with only 16% of the vote.learningandlife.com features helpful information and tips on education, career options, and job training, including creative careers such as interior design (http://www.learningandlife.com/creative-careers/). the site offers the advice and tools you need to enrich your life and advance your career.site: http://www.learningandlife.com/index.php



posted by kim davis @ 1:53 pm  
      
         9 comments











about me

name:  kim davis 
location:  denton, tx, united states 
i am the director of madville publishing. i spent 5 years at texas review press and taught english composition and technical writing. long ago, i cheffed aboard sailing yachts.
view my complete profile



previous posts

to linger in expectation (de-stressing your life)
dennis bakke’s ‘joy at work’ now in paperback
interior decorator voted most fun job
celebrated language expert michel thomas's promise...
stop and go home
out of the box thinking: chicago conference focuse...
stupid resume tricks
how much joy -- creativity, joy, self help, inspir...
telegroup: translate intuitive experience - david ...
the rest of your life: a playful retreat for succe...

archives

november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
june 2006
august 2006


the passion connector is coming … are you ready?
want to have an especially glorious 2005? you’ll want to enroll in the passion connector. that’s an e-program we’re launching on january 5 that will help you dig into your dreams with more gusto, so you struggle less and achieve more in 2005. the passion connector helps you live your soul purpose and get totally, utterly, passionately clear on it as you do. look for upcoming emails on this program of e-lessons and audio recordings that will give you all the inspirational juice you need.










 





