







	historic market square - city of san antonio
































accessibility information & quick links
skip to main content










official website of the city of san antonio




search










menu

homewhat's happeningeat & drinkexplore & shopdirectorymarket square's tenantsthe passvendor opportunitiesfind your wayhistorytalk to us







search





search



























welcome to the historic market square
enjoy the sights and flavors of old mexico at historic market square, a favorite of locals and tourists for generations.
explore over 100 locally owned businesses that provide a unique market place experience.










eat & drink
san antonio is famous for its authentic mexican & tex-mex cuisine, and market square is known for its exciting offerings.


let's eat







explore & shop
authentic mexican curious and artifacts, hand-crafted leather goods and a diverse collection of cultural apparel.


let's shop











become a vendor
besides shopping at the stores, visitors can browse the unique wares of the market’s working artists.


vendor sign-up







what's happening
historic market square is known for its family-oriented events, live entertainment and dancing.


what's happening

















what we offer
the historic market square is where the culture of san antonio comes alive.

nearly every weekend of the year, market square is filled with live entertainment, delicious food, and fun for the whole family; and talk about shopping... with unique multi-cultural merchandise you can find something for everyone.

follow us on facebook and instagram for the latest happenings at market square.



























































































gallery



































































































































































































































						 
					














latest post















contact

514 w commerce
san antonio, tx 78207

administrative offices
210.207.8600







hours
monday - sunday: 10 a.m. - 6 p.m.






connect












copyright 2025 city of san antonio
office of equity
ada compliance
telecommuting
site map
open records
contact us
privacy policy & disclaimer






back to top








