






































your future, front and centre. | centre college





skip to main site navigation
skip to main content


















 


applyrequest informationvisit





enroll


news


events


directory


athletics


give 





info for


alumni


current students


faculty and staff


parents and families


centreworks











academics


majors, minors, and programs


curriculum


student support


career readiness


success after centre


grace doherty library


academic calendar


course catalog




admission & aid


how to apply


cost & affordability


the centre promise


financial aid


scholarships & fellowships


visit


admission counselors


request information


admitted students




life at centre


campus & community


housing & dining


diversity, equity, & inclusion


athletics


activities & organizations


the arts at centre


campus safety


first-generation students


international student services


norton center for the arts


well-being




about


why centre?


values & history


faculty & staff directory


offices directory


college policies & initiatives


employment at centre


president's office


contact us







 


search centre college





















 







centre college

your future, front and centre.
personal, supportive, enriching experiences—a centre education focuses on you.
learn why centre is the place for you

















latest announcements







centre meets full need

we’re committed to making sure a world-class education is accessible to everyone.


see beyond college cost

















the centre experience


becoming a centre student includes study abroad, participation in hands-on research or internships locally and around the world, community engagement and the chance to engage with alumni and industry leaders as part of our career readiness program. and with our commitment to helping you graduate in four years, you can enter your career or pursue further studies on time. the return on investment you get from centre is a dividend that will pay you back for the rest of your life.




















experiential learning
a life-changing global experience? mentored research in the lab or in the field? work and travel with centre professors, and discover what's possible with our curriculum.


















community engagement
why wait for graduation to start having an impact? centre is a community of difference-makers, whether here on campus or around the world.


















career readiness
expand your knowledge and your network through internship opportunities and career exploration communities that prepare you for a purposeful career and meaningful life.






experience more from a centre education







 







explore our programs

we believe in big-picture learning—and so do today’s employers. a well-rounded liberal arts and sciences education prepares you to succeed and adapt in an ever-changing world.


see our majors, minors, and pre-professional programs










centre meets full need






 



from studying chinese and spanish to majoring in behavioral neuroscience, i’ve been able to explore my passions because my financial aid package made attending college possible. this support has empowered me to embrace every academic and extracurricular opportunity to the fullest, without financial barriers.
indy rodriguez
behavioral neuroscience, class of 2025








$47m
over $47 million in centre scholarships and grants awarded this coming year.




$40k
average student aid given by centre.




no.7
nationally ranked for merit scholarship awards.







 see beyond college cost








student voices








getzamary solano






the grissom scholarship gave me the opportunity to attend centre and find a community of first-generation college students who support one another academically and socially.



major + year
biochemistry and molecular biology, class of 2028
hometown
houston, tx





natalie peyton






my summer internship with casa gave me the opportunity to inform the community about this incredible program, as well as train volunteers to be advocates for children in need.



major + year
psychology, class of 2025
hometown
morehead, ky





brendan egan






i had the opportunity to study in london and had a fantastic experience putting myself in another culture while still taking courses offered by centre.



major + year
physics, class of 2025
hometown
louisville, ky








go to the previous slide



go to the next slide





read more student experiences






launch experience 


















experience campus
schedule a visit

visit campus and see for yourself if centre feels right for you. we would love to see you in-person, but if you want a sneak-peek, check out our virtual options.


learn more about our campus

















98% of students live on campus
life at centre

living in a community with other bright and interesting students is the heart of the centre experience. relax with your roommate. get coffee with a classmate. hit the gym with a teammate.


learn more about life at centre

















study abroad & away

centre is a national leader in study abroad with 85% of students studying abroad at least once and 48% do so more than once. with over 30 international and us locations each year, all centre students are guaranteed a study abroad or study away opportunity.


explore our study abroad and away options

















gold and white in the bluegrass
athletics

centre is home to 25 ncaa division iii men’s and women’s teams that boast plenty of conference titles and post-season appearances. plus, nearly three-quarters of students participate in intramural and club sports.


learn more about centre athletics















take the next step

apply
request information
visit












600 west walnut streetdanville, ky 40422859.238.5200

contact us





helpful links

accessibility
accreditation
centrenet
employment
media
privacy
student consumer information
title ix
transcripts





discover centre

athletics
centreworks
faculty & staff directory
grace doherty library
norton center for the arts
offices directory
subscribe to newsletter





support centre
your generosity makes a difference in the lives of our students.

1.859.238.5500


give













© 2025 centre college
privacy
legal
login


connect with us


facebook




instagram




twitter




youtube




linkedin




















