 





china post 1 – soldiers of fortune worldwide

























































































 















skip to content







 
























  
home

constitution & bylaws
in memoriam
china post 1 supports tl&c program


china post 1 donations

dragon fund
legacy run fund


dues

paid-up-for-life (pufl)
cp1-membership dues


cp1 store

cart


about us

american legion auxiliary
american legion riders program
the sons of the american legion*
40 & 8


history

frank delacy mortimer
frederick townsend ward
post commanders 1945 to present
senator barry m. goldwater


contact us

watering holes
divisions


reunion

2024 reunion information
2019 reunion review
2018 reunion review







 









				welcome to the china post #1® website			


china post 1 is an american legion post, unique in that, it is a post – the only post within the american legion – operating in exile. china post 1 was formed in 1919 at the american club in shanghai. during ww ii members of china post 1 were imprisoned by the japanese in pootung civilian assembly camp (prisoner of war camp) as allies of the chinese people.
today, china post 1 is part of the department of france and a member of  foreign departments and posts of the american legion (fodpal). the post still has no permanent home, although “watering holes” around the globe offer a space for meetings, which are considered to occur “wherever two or more members meet.”

the unique quality of china post #1 is reflected in the character of its membership.  in addition to meeting the qualifications established by the national constitution of the american legion, china post #1 members are usually further distinguished by the character of their service. post members generally have had a significant career in active service, a meritorious period of duty or of acts while in service, or they have civilian careers or professions after honorable service working in, or in support of operations in the international community.







post commanders 1945 to present
poop sheet
watering holes
divisions
cp1 library
links and associations













 

copyright © 2025 china post 1. all rights reserved.theme: colormag by themegrill. powered by wordpress.  








































