








mad ogre | the internet's original critic 






































mad ogre

search


primary menu
skip to content

about
contact
firearms finishes
ogre video
terminal ballistics
the old madogre.com
the uprising saga







search for:



 









weapons

springfield echelon 4.0c

02/11/2025 madogre leave a comment




i fell in love with the springfield armory echelon the moment i first held one in my hands. it looks freaking cool. and it feels even better in the hand. but i had no use for a full sized railed pistol… and then springfield brought it out in the same size as a glock 19 recently. and it still feels excellent in the hand. 

the idea of running a micro red dot on a pistol has been something i had been avoiding as i didn’t like it the first time i tried one. however people i know and respect have been adopting them all around me… so maybe there is something going on with that. i have two other pistols that could rock a red dot, but neither seem to be a good platform for an rd.  also, i didn’t want to spend 300 bucks or more on something i just wasn’t absolutely sure i wanted.  and then i browsing tfb i saw that springfield was offering a killer cool gear up package deal that included an mrd, 3 extra magazines, and a shooting bag. that pushed me over the edge. okay. let’s try this.  so i have sent away for the gear up kit… and i’ll update this when that comes in.  back to the gun in question… 

i liked the white u rear sight on most of the echelons. but i’ve grown up with 3 dots and i’m just more used to that. especially in dark situations… if i’m going to pay for tritium, i want all my tritium! this tritium is nice and bright, the way you want it. 
the rear sight is also shaped right too. not a ramp like with novak sights. so if racking one handed is required, i can hook the rear sight onto something and push.  trying to that with a novak is impossible, and then you’re trying to push off the front of the slide or something. awkward. this is just so much easier. i like easy.  i also like smooth. and racking the echelon is very smooth.  the 4.0c is no different. very smooth. much smoother than a glock. 

trigger is better than a glock too. a glock has a weird wall before the break, and at the moment it goes, the pistol gets a little “shrug”. there’s a little bit of a jump. this, like all good triggers, doesn’t do that. the trigger has a little slack to take up, then it breaks very nicely without a jump. but it’s not a “crisp” break… it just breaks. like it just fall off and there it goes.  reset is excellent. i have no complaints about this trigger and i suspect it’s going to get very nice after some use.  this is just out of the box. 
i really love the way the gun feels in my hand. seriously one of the very best factory grips i’ve ever felt. the contours are just about perfect for my hand… i couldn’t imagine it getting any better. but i guess if i needed a dimensional change, there are a couple alternative backstraps to try out… one slightly larger, and one smaller. but this is perfect out of the box. it’s going to stay like this. wait, it gets better! the texture is a fine stippling type affair that doesn’t snag on my clothes and isn’t abrasive to the hands… but when i apply normal shooting grip-force, it locks into my hand like super-glue. this is excellent texturing.  and with that good grip, i can still hit the slide and mag releases without problem and without changing my grip. it doesn’t get any better than this.  and it gets even better. for those of you who are sig guys, or 1911 guys… the echelon’s grip angle is going to hit right. for me, it’s extremely “pointable”. it comes up just right on target, without any adjustment. it points naturally like few pistols do… like a 1911, like a sig, like a cz, like a browning hi-power. it’s awesome.  
this just might be… the most perfect striker-fired pistol… (pause like jeremy clarkson) in the world.
i’m not going to put this into my carry rotation for a while. i still need to put it to the test of a bare minimum of 200 rounds… prefer 400 or more. but i’ll do the bulk of that shooting after i mount and zero the mrd.  i’ll keep you posted. cheers! 
update: initial testing:  100 rounds, 2 boxes of really old mixed cheap stuff: zero malfunctions. even in the rain. just out of the box. next step is clean and lube with a good oil, and try to wait patiently for the micro red dot to show up.  accuracy was good, but i wasn’t really shooting for accuracy.  i was just breaking it in.  and when i say this was old cheap ammo… we’re talking stuff i had left over from living back in utah. (2013) some federal blue box, winchester white box, cci blazer, and speer lawman. 

echelongunspistolsspringfield



weapons

shot show 2025

02/06/2025 madogre 2 comments



i was asked about my thoughts on all the new products from shot show 2025.  honestly there was just a whole lot of meh for me. companies are still trying to make ars look like other guns and other guns look like ars. so much of it was just lost on me.  

i am a big advocate for the use of shotguns, and there are 2 shotguns that caught my eye and i will eventually acquire one of them for sure.  psa’s new 570 shotgun is one of them. they’ve taken the best features of the 870 and the 590 and rolled them into one. if i was going to design a pump action shotgun, this psa is what it would have come out like.  and it’s modular so that you can build it up exactly how you want it, instead of buying a gun kind of like what you want, and then buying new parts to replace parts you don’t want. i love that. and the shocker is they can also make it a semi-auto. that’s just icing on the already excellent cake. 
the other shotgun is the new mossy with the ar furniture and safety. this isn’t just window dressing but a good option for those new shooters who have only been running ars all their lives. yeah, i know that kinda makes fun at my first paragraph here, but having familiar fire controls is a distinct advantage.  i see this shotgun becoming very popular with smaller law enforcement agencies. i may have to get one, just because.

psa has also brought out some other interesting things… under psa’s h&r decision is a car-15 analog, which i adore as the car-15 was my first issued weapon out of basic and ait.  i’m going to have to get one. i just have to.  all the retro h&r arms rifles are cool. fn brought out a line some years ago of service rifle analogs, but fn priced them into oblivion… psa and h&r arms are doing it right. 
everything psa is doing is being done right… the new flavors of jakl and sabre are just awesome. is there anything that psa is doing that’s not awesome? i’ve got my hands on a couple jakls now and i’ve got to tell you… i like them. a lot. i might get a couple jakl uppers to finish up some builds. 





weapons

springfield echelon

01/10/2025 madogre 2 comments



since working at basin sports, myself and all the fellas there… there’s the habit of planning out that next gun purchase. or in the basin sports methodology, when something comes off layaway, what’s going to go on next?  that habit has stuck with me ever since. even as i bring one gun home… what’s next!?
for me, i was planning on another 10mm… and fn has a glorious option for that. but then the more realistic side of me decided that perhaps that wouldn’t be the best choice. so i reconsidered and have landed on springfield armory’s echelon pistols. the full size and the compact are both very attractive options and i’m thinking that one of them will be the next pistol to come home to my safe. 

when the full size echelon came out, i was very impressed with the gun, the sights, the trigger, and the feel of the grip in the hand. and it’s even a good looking pistol. not like looks are all that important, but it’s a factor.  i would have snagged it on the spot, but i really had no need whatsoever for a full size 9mm.

 the compact version, being glock 19’ish in size, really does become something of a good packing size.  similar in size to my sig m11a1, but a lot lighter. now, i still absolutely adore my m11a1… but for a cake eating civilian, the gun is a bit heavy for pants on to pants off edc. even with a good holster and good belt. weight is still weight.  and cutting that weight in almost half, is a good thing.  now, i do have smaller and lighter guns that i like. i’ve had the hk vp9sk for a long time now… just never had the right rig for it so i never carried it. and if i’m honest, kind of even forgotten about it. it was when i got my fn reflex, that i ordered a new holster from a company i’ve never ordered from before, and saw that they had the same rig for the vp9sk too… so i ordered both at the same time. vedder holster and the rig is called the comfort tuck. and it is. i like the rig.  simple. sturdy. i’ve no complaints or criticisms of them, and that’s high praise for me. 

between the hk and the fn… i find i like packing the fn a bit more due to the much smaller grip frame, and the little gun’s ability to evaporate under a covering garment. even my wife, who knows what i’m packing and where… can’t see it. so a huge advantage for concealment with the fn. the hk does hide well, just not as well. now, i love the hk… i do… the trigger is good and the sights are great, and it looks cool as hell. but i’ve found that i carry the fn most of the time, and the hk when concealment isn’t as important. and if i’m in that situation, i might as well carry my sig, but then i’m full circle on that carry-weight situation. this is why i’m leaning heavily toward the echelon compact. 

echelongunshandgunspistolsspringfieldspringfield armory



automotive

sinking nissan

12/16/2024 madogre 9 comments



nissan is facing significant financial difficulties that have led to a situation where it might go bankrupt if not addressed. here are the key reasons based on recent reports: 

declining sales in key markets: nissan has seen a significant drop in sales, particularly in the united states and china, which are two of its largest markets. this decline has been attributed to a lack of compelling new models and the inability to keep pace with market trends, especially in the electric vehicle (ev) sector.unsuccessful ev strategy: despite being an early player in the electric vehicle market with the nissan leaf, the company has not expanded its ev lineup as rapidly or effectively as competitors. this has resulted in losing ground to other manufacturers, especially in markets where ev adoption is growing rapidly.heavy losses and financial performance: nissan reported an 85% drop in its operating profit in the third quarter and posted a net loss, indicating a severe financial strain. the company is dealing with high operational costs and low profitability, exacerbated by worldwide sales slumps.leadership and management issues: the company has been through significant executive turnover and controversy, notably with the arrest and subsequent escape of former ceo carlos ghosn. this has led to a period of instability in leadership and strategic direction.

5.  all nissan’s vehicles look the same. 

all the suv’s look the same. all the cars look the same. both of the sports cars look the same. both of their ev’s look the same. nissan is building a lot of vehicles that all look far too homogenized. in other words, inbred. 

nissan is also putting cvt transmissions in most of their vehicles now. continuously variable transmissions is supposed to mean the car is always in the right gear. what it actually results in, is that the car is never in the right gear. and cvt’s are about as reliable as a $20 automatic watch from temu.  nissan needs to buy their transmissions from zt and/or toyota. period. forget cvts. 
it doesn’t help that the worst drivers in america seem to all be driving nissans. but that’s just my observation locally. maybe it’s a carolina thing. 
this leaves us with the question… does nissan deserve to survive? that’s a tough question… but the answer is yes. and here’s why:

the nissan titan and frontier are quietly going about being some of the best trucks out there on the road and work site and oil fields. they are built solid, tough, and reliable in the way toyota trucks used to be. (don’t buy a new toyota truck – buy a gently used one from 2022 or older) 
so here is what nissan needs to do: kill off the me too cars.  nissan’s product line is confusing to the consumer just like it’s confusing to the sales people. the product line is competing with the product line and it’s making people go over to honda and toyota.i visited a nissan dealship the other day and to be honest – it was a parade of clown shoes.  i can see why there’s an 80% drop in sales.  i couldn’t gtfo fast enough. 
for the suv’s leave the rogue, the pathfinder and the armada. the kick, ariya, and the murano need to die in a fire. take the pathfinder and make a version of it called an xterra and make it an actual freaking off-road warrior. not a wet leaves on the road vehicle.   the car cars… leave the altima and kill the others. just kill the others… the sentra, the versa, and the leaf. just altima.  wtf happened to the maxima? remember that one? the one with the 300zx engine? what happened to you, nissa? who did this to you?  sports cars are in a different category, and the gt-4 is just bullshit.  the 300 zx is now just the “z”. that’s dumb. make it the 300 zx again and make it retro styled like how ford treated the mustang. harken back to when nissan meant something. do the same thing with the maxima.  as far as the evs go… axe them both. consumers are not buying nissan evs. if nissan wants to make an ev – they need to start all over again.  from scratch. 

nissan



automotive

ram troubles.

12/13/2024 madogre 5 comments






the problem with ram is the bewildering selection of trucks they have… not just 1500, 2500, and 3500, but with all the variations of each in terms of trim levels, fascias, and optional packages that seem like good things – but in reality, it makes buying a ram a nightmare. 
you sit down with a ram salesman, and start talking about what you want on your new ram that starts out at under 39,000 and soon it explodes into the 90k range. 
the other big problems is that ram doesn’t have a reputation for being reliable. not just interior electronics, but in the engine and transmissions. a truck has got to be reliable. that’s what its for. bells and whistles are not why people buy trucks. locked up transmissions and blowing manifolds and leaving oil patches where you park are not things that invite premium dollar expenditures. 
the other big – big – problem is stellanis. the ceo has cut corners so hard and so deep in the manufacturing process that the factory is rolling out new vehicles where the employees on the line know there’s a problem, but the line just keeps moving and the problem doesn’t get fixed because they literally can’t fix it… it’s off to the next step in the production cycle.  
look, ram makes some great looking, comfortable trucks that should be top sellers in the truck market. 
the #1 thing ram needs to do… is leverage their own buy out from stellanis, so ram, dodge, and jeep become their own corporation, without some euro-trash jackwagon dictating his personal ideals on how to ruin american vehicles. do that, and ram trucks can mean something again.



ramtrucks



uncategorized

my dad passed away.

11/27/2024 madogre 8 comments




last week on tuesday, i watched my father die. my brother josh was there, as was dad’s wife, joyce. we were standing around his bed as the hospital staff unplugged his life support.  the previous thursday morning, he had a massive heart attack and stopped breathing. but they managed to get his heart restarted but he had been without oxygen to his brain for about five minutes. he was in a coma since the heart attack.
we held on to hope that he would recover. that he would wake up.  an mri scan was done and it showed a glimmer of hope, initially… but then a neurologist took a look at it and determined that the damage was severe throughout all of the brain.
we all knew dad didn’t want to live like this. he had a dnr on file… that the hospital wasn’t aware of initially… and we knew his chances were almost zero, and it turns out to have been exactly zero. we didn’t know what would happen once we pulled the life support… he his body could kick in and he’d live. or he would expire… doctors said it could be five minutes or five days… in god’s mercy, it was only about 1 minute.  his body gasped for air for awhile and then the gasps came fewer and fewer until it all stopped.
in the very moment of his passing… he smiled. just before he went slack. i believe it’s because he saw his father, his mother, his brother bruce, and my brother zach. 
i’m grateful for these last few years i had with him… because we had always had a rocky relationship and i had learned a great deal about him that i didn’t know. this knowledge became an understanding of the reality of things that he had always kept away from me and my brothers. all the pieces came together and the picture it made was one of a man that sacrificed so much for us. for me.  i didn’t know how much he loved me until the end.  i had no idea.  i miss him terribly. 





automotive

2024 vw jetta 10k update

11/09/2024 madogre leave a comment




10,000 miles has rolled by. at 5k, i got the oil changed. vw insists that it only needs the services done every 10k, but that was making me feel itchy. so i went ahead and got that done.  and now i’m itching to do it again. but that’s neither here nor there. really so far, the car has not given me a lick of trouble. i hit something in the road and had a huge hole cookie cuttered out of a tire, but that’s not vw’s fault… the car its self is pretty solid. and getting 38 miles to the gallon is awesome. and if i drive like i was civilized or something, i can get 40 to 42.  i especially appreciate i’m getting that on regular unleaded and not the premium my audi a4 avant requires. 
if i have any complaint about the jetta, it’s the seats. they are stiff and to be honest, hurts my boney butt. and i need my windows tinted, due to my eye’s light sensitivity. still, i adore this little car. since i got it, i’ve found that it has a sport mode, which makes the car very lively to drive. i didn’t realize it had that. i also learned that the 8 speed transmission was built for vw by toyota, so it’s very solid gear box that i do not anticipate problems from.  okay, one last item i’d love to get fixed… the auto start/stop system. man i hate that. but that’s remedied by a start up procedure that has me pressing the deactivate button for that. but if i forget, it reminds me when i come to a red light.  gah! i wish there was something i could do that would permanently deactivate that system. vw should include an under the dash switch or a fuse that could be pulled so that system stops bothering me. 
speaking of the audi, i still have it. in fact, it’s doing great. my son who is the vw tech is currently driving it as the transmission in the gti totally grenaded. he’ll get his gti fixed in due time. in the meanwhile, he’s been fixing some things in the audi. such as the coolant leak. and he’s replaced all the shocks and struts.  so the car drives like it should again, without leaving puddles. that audi is nearing 200,000 miles and it’s still running strong. 
i’m currently thinking that after the gti is fixed, i might sell the audi to acquire a solid used pickup truck. because we need a pickup truck like crazy. i’ve got a garage filled with junk and nothing to cart it off with. and for the quoted price of having someone come do that for me… well, you can understand.

carsjettavw



weapons

hk’s most slept on pistol

11/08/2024 madogre leave a comment




in my brief on the fn reflex, i let slip that i owned the hk vp9sk. this pistol has been on the market for some time now (2017).  since i mentioned it, i might as well talk about this one too. 
the vp9sk is as the name implies, it’s simply a compact version of the vp9 which has been out since before trump’s first presidential term. 2014 actually. back when i was helping run a certain gun store and range, i was able to spend some time with the vp9, and it impressed the hell out of me.  it was a good looking piece, with good sights and one of the best striker triggers i had ever felt. in fact, it shot so good for me, i actually won a bullseye contest with it. 
i snagged this one when a sweet trade option came to me because i really did like the vp9, and this edc friendly version of that just seemed like a great way to go. the trade offer was straight across and the gun i traded was completely useless to me, so why not?
the ergonomics on it are great, due to the swappable back strap and side plates on the grip… you can make it fit your hand perfectly. which is a huge advantage for those with tiny hands or huge paws. i like mine best with the small side plates and the medium back strap. 
the most un-ergo thing for a lot of shooters is the hk magazine release. americans prefer buttons and the vp9 series doesn’t have them. instead it uses a padlle style release… an ambidexterous style lever that you push downward. i’ve run the hk usp as a duty pistol back in the day and i got used to that, so the german way is not unfamiliar to me. one can get in the habit of using your trigger finger to release the mag with some practice and range time. 
firing the hk vp9sk is a pleasure. for one so compact, this little hk feels absolutely plush compared to other pistols in this class. compared to most micro compacts which can feel rather “snappy”, the vp9sk feels like a cadillac. the accuracy is very good. and with some practice getting reacquainted with the paddle mag-release, speed reloads and “tactical” reloads are very easy and quick. something some of the micros cause struggles with. 
the vp9sk is an interesting pistol… because the newest hk that just dropped, the cc9, is basically a vp9sk that got into crossfit and bicycling and veganism and won’t let you forget about it. i think the cc9 is a bit late to the micro game, and is kind of unneeded because this exists and the cc9 doesn’t offer anything over this, save  for being slightly skinnier, has the button mag release, and is made in the usa… and now we’re maga country again, so we’ve got that going for us. which is nice. 
in short, if you are considering a micro compact, but don’t quite like the way any of them feel… the vp9sk is probably a great choice for you. but don’t take my word for it. go find one at your local gun seller, and wrap your hands around it. you’ll be glad you did.

9mmedchandgunshkpistolssub compactvp9sk



weapons

fn reflex

11/08/2024 madogre leave a comment




fn was a little late to the micro compact 9mm game when they came out with the reflex. but don’t hold that against them… because they built the best one. 11+1 capacity with the flush mag, and 15+1 with the extended mag. this smokes the other competitors in terms of capacity. it has fantastic sights and trigger that feel like a single action. there’s a good reason for that trigger feel… because it is a single action trigger. in fact, regardless of the looks, this gun isn’t a striker fired gun at all. there is a hammer in there. an actual, honest to thor hammer where the striker system normally lives. hidden hammer guns are nothing new… just really rare in today’s market. because of this, the trigger pull and reset are a little different than other guns in this class. so that might take a bit to get used to.  but once you do, it’s no problem at all. because even though it’s different… it’s a very good trigger. 
in the hand, the reflex is tiny. but it doesn’t shoot like a tiny gun.  it is a bit snappy, but not unpleasantly so. you can add the pinky wedge floorplate to the flush magazine so your pinky finger doesn’t dangle. if you want. the extended magazine gives you both a full capacity and a full grip, just like everything else in the micro compact class. unlike the other micros, the grip texture fn uses, while aggressive, really locks the gun in place while shooting. 
fn is well known for making absolute shooting machines. this little guy runs like an engine. a furious little engine powered by 9mm ammunition and anger.  the slide is even easy to operate. a lot of micros have stiff slides that can be a tad bit difficult to run, but the reflex is easy. it’s also spookily accurate. i found it easy to keep all of my 15 yard shots in the 10 ring. 
now, hk just released the cc9, which is a slimmed down vp9sk that had some cosmetic surgery to turn it from a sub-compact 9 into the desired micro 9. and i don’t say that like it’s a bad thing… because the fn reflex looks like it’s a 509 that had the same operation. (but it’s not)
full disclosure. i have the vp9sk and it’s a fantastic edc option. it’s only a little bit bigger than the reflex. and it shoots amazingly well, as you would expect with anything from hk.  the reflex does carry better, being a bit smaller and a bit lighter… and it shoots almost as good as the hk. and while being smaller and lighter it has more capacity than the vp9sk, and more than new hk cc9.  so if you are thinking about the cc9… get the reflex. 
in short, if you are in the market for micro 9 as an edc gun… get the reflex.  it’s the astute choice for those that want their cake, and want to eat it as well. you really don’t sacrifice much at all with the fn reflex. you can get an optics ready version, and there are sub-compact lights that will fit on the rail as well. so it has everything you could want.  i have no complaints or criticisms about this piece at all.  and that’s a first for me.  i’ve been examining all of the micro 9s on the market, and i think fn has made the perfect one.
the only downside to the fn reflex is the same as any gun choice that zigs and not zags… and that’s holster selection. there are holsters out there for it, but your options are limited. luckily, the fn store has those options in stock for you.  if you go to your local gun seller, such as cabella’s, you will a plethora of holster options for the glocks, hellcats, m&ps, and 365s… and nothing for the reflex. so if you want to get the reflex, just go ahead and order the holster online that fits your style and get it on the way before you go pick up your reflex. because as soon as you do get the reflex… you are going to want to carry it immediately. 

edcfnfn reflexhandgunsmicro 9mmpistolsreflexsub compact



uncategorized, weapons

the misunderstood scout

10/08/2024 madogre 9 comments




 the most misunderstood rifle in the world is the scout rifle.  
jeff cooper came up with the concept of a light weight, general purpose rifle, of midrange caliber that’s capable of handling threats and big game and anything else you need a rifle for. light weight was the most important aspect of the rifle so that you could throw if over your shoulder on the sling and just have it on you.   understand, at the time, cooper had spent a lifetime in the marines, hunting in africa, and racing porsches like a sir. he was a man out of his own time. a throwback to days gone by. but his scout rifle concept was actually just as sound then, as it is now.  
it’s the rifle you have on you. the rifle that you grab when the horses are spooked and you don’t know what’s out there. it’s the rifle you can defend your homestead with and put meat on the table with. there is nothing about this that is outdated or old fashioned. people get far too hung up on the long eye relief scope as part of his concept. the purpose of this, was that the rifle could be brought up from a low ready, and get on target in a snap.  at the time, there was no a lot of options in the optics world and there was no such thing as the lpvo scope. if jeff was still with us, his scout concept would undoubtedly include an lpvo.  
i had dinner with col cooper, with my wife and jeff’s daughter was there as others. it was an amazing meal and jeff sat at the head of the table like the duke of awesomeness. absolutely majestic with his walking stick with the head of a silver water buffalo.  at the time, the steyr was still brand new and we discussed at some length the whole scout concept.  jeff liked the steyr “schtire” scout well enough, but he acknowledged the shortcomings of the s.s as produced.  he had some other ideas about the scout and some things he would liked to have seen that steyr didn’t do.   
one thing, jeff insisted that a scout rifle would have a sling and if it didn’t have one, it wasn’t really a scout. a scout could have just iron sights, if the shooter was sharp-eyed enough and skilled on the use of irons. the caliber could handle the problems you were likely to encounter, and he considered .308 to be a good choice. because that round is good enough, and is readily available where ammunition is sold.  wildcats miss the whole point entirely, he said. (summation, not quotation)  
there’s one other detail that everyone misses because it wasn’t talked about, but jeff strongly recommended, controlled round feed. so a mauser, winchester, ruger type action and not something like the remington 700 which doesn’t have a controlled round feed.  all in all, the rifle, with a loaded magazine and optic needs to be 7 pounds or less.  less is preferable.  as light as you can get. that way you don’t leave it in the truck when it should be on your shoulder. because that’s what the scout is all about. 



posts navigation

1
2
…
174
next → 




categories 
automotive

crusader

food

gear

government

military

motorcycles

optics

training

uncategorized

uprising

weapons


recent commentsmadogre on shot show 2025eric on shot show 2025reggie micro on sinking nissanmadogre on springfield echelonjohninmd.(halp!) on springfield echelon  recent posts 

springfield echelon 4.0c


shot show 2025


springfield echelon


sinking nissan


ram troubles.





the internet's original critic 



search for:



pages 
about
contact
firearms finishes
ogre video
terminal ballistics
the old madogre.com
the uprising saga

archives 
february 2025
january 2025
december 2024
november 2024
october 2024
march 2024
january 2024
april 2023
january 2023
december 2022
november 2022
september 2022
august 2022
may 2022
april 2022
december 2021
october 2021
september 2021
august 2021
july 2021
may 2021
february 2021
november 2020
may 2020
january 2020
october 2019
september 2019
august 2019
june 2019
may 2019
april 2019
march 2019
february 2019
january 2019
december 2018
november 2018
october 2018
september 2018
august 2018
july 2018
june 2018
may 2018
april 2018
march 2018
february 2018
january 2018
december 2017
november 2017
october 2017
september 2017
august 2017
june 2017
may 2017
april 2017
february 2017
january 2017
november 2016
october 2016
september 2016
august 2016
july 2016
june 2016
may 2016
april 2016
march 2016
february 2016
january 2016
december 2015
november 2015
october 2015
september 2015
august 2015
july 2015
june 2015
may 2015
april 2015
march 2015
february 2015
january 2015
december 2014
november 2014
october 2014
september 2014
august 2014
july 2014
june 2014
may 2014
april 2014
march 2014
february 2014
january 2014
december 2013
november 2013
october 2013
september 2013
august 2013
july 2013
june 2013
may 2013
april 2013
march 2013
february 2013
january 2013
december 2012
november 2012
october 2012
september 2012
august 2012
july 2012
june 2012
may 2012
april 2012
march 2012
february 2012
january 2012
december 2011
november 2011
october 2011
september 2011
august 2011
july 2011
june 2011
may 2011
april 2011
march 2011
february 2011

meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 
 





meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				












