






steve pavlina – personal development for smart people













































skip to content






steve pavlina






menu


news

recent news
free newsletter


courses

submersion
deep abundance
stature
amplify
guild
subjective reality (free)
log in


blog

latest posts
popular favorites
lifestyle
abundance
productivity
relationships
creating reality
values
emotions
health
announcements
full archives
random article
blog posts by email


archives
audio
video
about

about steve
contact
steve’s book
meeting in person
las vegas friends
lovers
donate
faq






























personal development for smart people

















welcome to stevepavlina.com, one of the most popular personal development websites in the world. thousands of people come here each day for inspiration and motivation.
the purpose of this website is to help you grow as a conscious human being.
please take advantage of this powerful resource for personal transformation. if this is your first visit, start your journey by browsing the latest blog articles, or watch steve's newest video below.

















watch steve's newest video
lesson 7 of the free engage course covers how to significantly increase your freedom, so you can enjoy a remarkable flow of time abundance to explore and experience what most appeals to you, including delightful connections with highly compatible people.














subscribe to steve's youtube channel


















conscious growth
what does it mean to grow as a conscious human being?
conscious growth means aligning yourself with certain core principles which serve as growth accelerators. when you live in alignment with them, you experience faster, more consistent progress and deeper levels of fulfillment. when you fall out of alignment and violate these principles, you'll usually feel like you're not progressing, and life seems less fulfilling.
the beauty of these principles is that they're effective for all types of growth and change. you can use them to improve your career, your finances, your relationships, your skills, your health, and more.
the seven core principles of growth are:















truthsee reality as it is.
free yourself of false beliefs.
 













lovefeel good in your own skin.
explore deeper connections.
 













powercreate your desires.
build motivation and discipline.
 















onenessmake the world your ally.
stop creating resistance.
 













authoritymake strong decisions.
take command of your life.
 













courageact in spite of fear.
summon your inner strength.
 















intelligencelive authentically.
express your creativity.
 

















recent posts










go rogue happens live on zoom january 28-31, 2025



					january 27, 2025				







engage 7: how to reach a stunning new level of freedom



					december 20, 2024				







engage 6: why it’s wise to have more fun in life and business



					december 6, 2024				







engage 5: gentle sexual abundance



					november 27, 2024				







engage 4: fill your reality with your light



					november 22, 2024				







bucket list challenge – round 2 begins



					november 19, 2024				







rip tony todd



					november 9, 2024				







yes, i voted



					november 5, 2024				







engage 3: exploration goals



					october 11, 2024				







bucket list challenge invite video



					september 9, 2024				







join the bucket list challenge



					september 8, 2024				







engage 2: stronger than fear



					august 16, 2024				












see more posts










 














unlock your full potential with steve's transformative courses
explore our range of immersive courses designed to help you grow, align with your values, and create the life you truly desire. discover the perfect course for you:




deep abundance integration
transform your relationship with abundance in this popular 30-day video course. dive into core principles, mindset shifts, practical action steps, and powerful tools to cultivate a life of freedom, balance, growth, and prosperity. experience extraordinary value at an accessible price.



submersion
embark on a 60-day guided deep dive into subjective reality and revolutionize your connection to the world. manifest wealth, relationships, and courage while experiencing incredible creative flow guided by synchronicities.



stature
elevate your life story with this comprehensive character sculpting deep dive. cultivate self-acceptance, courage, and confidence by connecting with your inner depths and creating a character you'll love to embody.



amplify
unleash the ultimate creative flow in your life. replace creative anxiety with productive play, and complete ambitious projects with ease. perfect for creative professionals, aspiring creators, and those looking to bring their side projects to completion.



guild
reinvent your social circle with this captivating 30-day deep dive. attract growth-oriented friends, turn social anxiety into social ease, and forge a dynamic social life that aligns with your personal growth journey.




















16 ways to playfully attract abundance











get steve pavlina’s free pdf:
the explorer's guide to manifesting

focus your attention on your desires
learn the most powerful attractors
avoid common manifestation mistakes










enter your email address below, and click the button to get the free guide and subscribe to steve's newsletter.





 
name

please enter your name.


email address

please enter a valid email address.





download now



thanks for requesting the the explorer's guide to manifesting pdf. to receive your download link, please click the confirmation link in the email that has been sent to you.
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.









 



uncopyright
legal
privacy
contact
log in
  
youtube


rss



 






















