





gondolier resort



















































skip to content









call us today! 609-729-0999 










  


search for:








homeaccommodationsspecialsbrochurecontact usattache motel 











loading...







oceanfront in wildwood crest 










see our rooms
rates and reservation policies














homegolato2024-05-24t08:12:05-04:00 
book your room nowwelcome to the gondolier
discover the gondolier oceanfront motel – a family-owned wildwood crest, new jersey motel – the perfect choice for your jersey shore vacation. whether you are looking for a relaxing time or one packed full of activities, you will find it here. experience the gondolier’s hospitality and all the amenities available to our guests this season and give us a call to book!

days begin with beautiful sunrises and peaceful strolls along our miles of unspoiled sandy beach. continue the day with a dip in the atlantic ocean, sunbathing on the beach or on our oceanfront patio. grab a boogie board and ride some waves. enjoy our swimming pool, where you can swim laps, lazily soak up the sun or relax with a poolside cocktail. spend your afternoon playing a game of beach volleyball on our sand volleyball court.

an eventful day gives way to pleasant dreams in your comfortably appointed wildwood crest motel rooms in the gondolier. for your comfort and convenience, the gondolier offers a variety of accommodation types, all of which are non-smoking. a visit to the gondolier oceanfront motel creates lasting memories for you and your family to cherish for years to come.

we look forward to welcoming you as our guests.
view our rooms
“best place to stay in wildwood.”
excellent staff, go overboard to be helpful with everything. this ocean view hotel was well-kept, nice rooms overlooking the ocean. it is well-maintained, clean. great location can’t say enough about it. we were very pleased. we traveled from arizona, to visit family in new jersey and went down for a couple days. we are very fussy about our places that we stay, and couldn’t have been happier.
sue b. ~ trip advisor ~ august 2021
“great  rooms!”
the staff is very friendly and courteous. the hotel rooms were very clean and spacious. the cleaning staff was top-notch. great ocean and pool view. has an elevator which is a godsend for hauling luggage to the room. i would highly recommend a stay here and we will be booking here for years to come.
jeff d. ~ google reviews ~ july 2022
“five stars!”
clean. friendly reservations and check in. very accommodating. perfect access and view of the beach. blocks away from the boardwalk. i love it here, and at any of the sister properties nearby
sandy ~ facebook reviews ~ may 2023



 
 





 
 

contact info

5701 ocean avenue, wildwood crest, nj 08260
phone: 609-729-0999

 contact us
 

 
 

 
 
 





		copyright  gondolier resort |  all rights reserved  |  powered by instant360 


facebook
 
 
 
 


 
 


















































































































go to top




