





apex cane corso italiano





apex cane corso italiano



               


apex 
cane corso



 





click here to go to the available page & see the available puppies & dogs!






our goal - is to aid in the preservation of this rare and noble breed through 
a breeding program designed to promote overall health, stable temperament and 
appearance as stated by the fci standard, using dogs from proven lines.
 



ch apex's stella,cgc 
getting ready to take her harley out

 
our philosophy - we strive for the whole dog - health, stable temperament and 
type. we feel each is equally important. if a dog does not possess all 3, 
then it cannot be included in our breeding program. through selective breeding 
we hope to increase the number of exceptional specimens of the breed.  

the cane corso is a magnificant animal, unique unlike any other. they are 
strong yet elegant, brave yet affectionate, proud and intelligent.  i 
cannot imagine my life without a cane corso in it. 
my goal is to produce that illusive perfect specimen of the breed in mind, 
body and soul. this is what i strive for in every litter.



 







all of our dogs are valued members of the family. they sleep inside with our 
2 cats, 
play outside during the day, get a lot of attention, go on vacations, 
outings and ride along in the car while we run errands, etc. the dogs are almost 
never without human interaction. we are located in northern maryland. we do obedience and agility work with the dogs and show in 
conformation. 

we breed strictly to the italian standard (fci standard). this is the 
standard set by and used in italy and 79 other countries in the world.  these are italian mastiffs. that is 
precisely why we avidly & proudly use the fci italian standard as our blueprint.



all articles, photos, and information on the site are sole 
  property of apex cane corso italiano
  and cannot be copied, distributed or linked to any other website, newsletter 
  or 
  other informational source without prior permission from apex cane corso 
  italiano.

  ©apex cane corso italiano · 2002-2019 · all rights reserved
 147,987 visits as of 
  9/10/09

 






