






 prison law office







































































prison law office
protecting the constitutional rights of people behind bars

search





search for:



 







primary menu
skip to content
home
about us

about us
what we do
staff
job opportunities
contact


litigation
european prison project

norway trip


news & events

news & events
galleries


resources / recursos

resources
recursos (resources)
the california prison and parole law handbook


 







protecting the constitutional rights of people behind bars through
advocacy, education and litigation.
 











quick links to updates on our litigation regarding conditions in california prisons and arizona prisons
 

news all news


prison law office, aclu move for receiver in arizona state prison case

the prison law office, aclu, and disability rights arizona asked a federal judge today to appoint a receiver to take over the management of healthcare in arizona prisons. the request was made in a long-running class action lawsuit originally filed in 2012 on behalf of the nearly 30,000 people incarcerated by the arizona department of corrections, rehabilitation, and reentry (adcrr). the receiver, an independent authority appointed by the court, would assume control of adcrr’s medical and mental health care systems and ensure that they meet constitutional standards. 

more


court experts find people are dying unnecessarily in arizona state prisons

(january 7, 2025) in a report filed today, court-appointed experts found “serious and pervasive systemic health care delivery failures” in arizona state prisons that “place the residents at significant risk of serious harm, including death.” the experts told the judge: “and patients are dying. unnecessarily.”

more


federal judge issues final injunction to reform arizona prisons

(april 7, 2023) in a 57-page order, u.s. district judge roslyn o. silver ordered substantial reform to the arizona prison system. judge silver explained that the “unusual” order includes “significant detail regarding medical care, mental health care, and conditions imposed on the subclass to remedy the egregious constitutional violations” because of “the substantial dysfunction in defendants’ operations.”

more


federal judge issues sweeping remedial order to arizona prison officials

(january 9, 2023) in a thorough and sweeping order, u.s. district judge roslyn o. silver is requiring the arizona department of corrections, rehabilitation, and reentry (adcrr) to make “substantial” changes to staffing and conditions so that medical care and mental healthcare at arizona prisons comes up to constitutional standards. 
judge silver’s remedial order brings jensen v. shinn — a decade-long struggle to ensure that the nearly 30,000 adults and children in arizona’s prisons receive the basic health care and minimally adequate conditions to which they are entitled under the constitution and the law — closer to a resolution. both parties have 30 days to provide judge silver any comments on the remedial order before it becomes final. 

more


court expert finds that people with disabilities in largest california state prison are “living diminished and needlessly difficult lives”

(december 20, 2022) the court expert in armstrong v. newsom, a class action lawsuit regarding disability accommodations in the california state prison system, released his report and recommendations following a year-long investigation of the california substance abuse treatment facility and state prison, corcoran (satf). he found that people with disabilities are “living diminished and needlessly difficult lives” at satf, and as a result “face harsher prison conditions, and thus greater punishment, than their peers.” people were denied accommodations needed to safely and independently perform a wide array of activities, including to eat, perform bodily functions, write, and participate in rehabilitative programs.

more


federal court finds conditions in arizona state prisons unconstitutional

(june 30, 2022) u.s. district judge roslyn o. silver found on june 30 that the arizona department of corrections, rehabilitation, and reentry (adcrr) systematically violates the constitutional rights of persons incarcerated in the state’s prisons by failing to provide them minimally adequate medical and mental health care, and by subjecting them to harsh and deprived conditions in solitary confinement units.   

more


judge reopens case and orders trial on conditions in arizona prisons

(july 16, 2021) the prison law office and our co-counsel aclu national prison project, aclu of arizona, and arizona center for disability law are working to enforce the rights of people in arizona state prisons in the federal class action lawsuit parsons v. shinn. on july 16, 2021, the court reopened the case and ordered a trial, to start no later than november 1, 2021. the court’s order found that “defendants have in the past six years proffered erroneous and unreliable excuses for non-performance, asserted baseless legal arguments, and in essence resisted complying with the obligations they contractually knowingly and voluntarily assumed.”
 

more


settlement reached in contra costa county jail class action lawsuit

(oct. 1, 2020) – on behalf of the thousands of people incarcerated in contra costa county jail now and in the future, the prison law office reached a settlement with contra costa county in a class action lawsuit that seeks to end the dangerous and unconstitutional conditions at the jail.

more


prison law office mourns the death of our co-founder, michael satris

the prison law office is deeply saddened to announce that our co-founder, and first director, michael satris died on july 29, 2020, at the age of 70. mike and paul comiskey founded the prison law office in 1976 after their graduation from uc davis law school.  mike was a tireless advocate for his clients, and without him the office would not exist and many people would still be in prison today.  the san francisco chronicle published a tribute to his work on august 21, 2020.

more


settlement reached in lawsuit challenging conditions in santa barbara county jail




on behalf of the hundreds of people incarcerated in santa barbara county jail, on july 17, 2020, disability rights california, prison law office, and king & spalding llp reached a groundbreaking settlement with santa barbara county and the santa barbara sheriff’s office in a class action lawsuit that seeks to address the dangerous and unconstitutional conditions at the jail.

more




resources all resources


us-european criminal justice program going strong




overview:  the us-european criminal justice innovation program is working to bring the innovative and humane approaches to sentencing, diversion, treatment (physical and behavioral health), conditions of confinement, and community reentry systems, practiced by the norwegian criminal justice system, applied here in the us.
north dakota: doj changes course: pilot program is a success
hawaii:  the work begins with first task force meeting
north dakota: judge learns valuable lesson in norway
project photo gallery. 



art gallery




see our new art gallery provided by incarcerated individuals.



inside books project resource guide




inside books project offers a resource guide with helpful resources for incarcerated people and their loved ones.  the entire ibp resource guide is available as a searchable online resource and as a downloadable pdf.
















if you or a family member have an issue that you believe we can assist with, please feel free to contact our office. letters can be addressed to: prison law office | general delivery, san quentin, ca 94964
due to the large number of inquiries, we cannot accept telephone calls from incarcerated people and their families.
copyright © 2013-2025 prison law office.  all rights reserved
















