




























plastic surgery buffalo | dr todd b koch

























































skip to content








menu








									todd b. koch
								








call us













									todd b. koch
								







schedule a consultation


																							phone | 716-631-1220

																							fax | 716-631-1222 
																					





close menu

menumenuhomeabout us

meet dr. kochplastic surgery faqsfinancing option
procedures





breastbreast augmentationbreast liftbreast revisionbreast implant removalcorrection for capsular contracturecorrection of inverted nipplescorrection for bottoming outcorrection of tubular breastsgynecomastiaimplant exchange 


bodyarm liftliposuctionmommy makeovertummy tuck 


facebotox® cosmeticeyelid surgeryfaceliftfacial implantslip augmentationmicro needlingneck liftnon-surgical facial rejuvenationotoplastyrhinoplastyradiesse® 


non-surgicalinjectable dermal fillerskybella®kybella® faqsmicro needlingskin care 
 

photo galleryle medispablogmediacontact 




















				branding
			
schedule a consultation


 
dr. koch











dr. koch
board-certified plastic surgeon in new york

with over 30 years of experience, dr. todd b. koch offers a wide range of the most advanced professional services. 
dr. koch performs breast, body, and facial enhancement procedures to help men and women achieve their ideal cosmetic look. a variety of non-surgical options are also available.

certified – american board of plastic surgery
fellow – american college of surgeons
recognized in castle connolly medical guide
realself top doctor

learn more





 
procedures






										photo gallery																					see the transformations. check out before and after photos from dr. koch’s previous patients.









										tummy tuck																					tummy tuck surgery (abdominoplasty) addresses common midsection concerns by eliminating excess skin and tightening the abdominal muscles. this procedure helps men and women achieve their body contouring goals.








										mommy makeover																					pregnancy and childbirth can take a significant toll on a woman’s body. a mommy makeover is a combination of breast and body contouring procedures that helps women regain their pre-baby figures.








										eyes & face																					puffy eyes can give off the impression that you are tired or sad. eyelid surgery (blepharoplasty) removes the excess skin or bags from the lower and upper eyelids to create a more youthful, alert appearance.








										breast augmentation																					many women wish for larger, fuller breasts to compliment their body. breast augmentation surgery uses saline or silicone implants to increase breast size and improve the breasts’ overall appearance.







										blog																					learn more about dr. koch’s most popular surgical and non-surgical procedures.









										lip enhancement																					many patients have concerns regarding their thin lips. lip augmentation can help women and men achieve fuller, more voluptuous lips through temporary fillers or permanent implants.







										contact																					please contact us to learn more about the procedures we offer or schedule a consultation.









										botox cosmetic®																					visible signs of aging, specifically wrinkles, can be frustrating to remove. botox® cosmetic works to temporarily eliminate visible aging signs by blocking the impulses from the nerve to the muscles.








 

















 
before & after















































view photo gallery












le medispa

amherst cosmetic surgery center & le medispa in buffalo, new york

dr. koch and his entire staff are dedicated to providing the latest and most advanced professional services. with your interests in mind, we strive to achieve the best possible results. of course, you also get a friendly smile, sensitivity to your concerns, a step-by-step explanation of everything, and answers to all your questions. we want you to feel great about the care you receive – and great about your new look.

learn more















location


							6315 sheridan drive
williamsville, ny 14221						
							phone: 
								716-631-1220							

						fax: 716-631-1222




follow us on facebook





follow us on instagram





financing

our office accepts all major credit cards. financing is available through carecredit®.















before and after photos - individual results may vary. some images may be models.

© 2025 dr. todd b. koch | site design by plastic surgery studios | sitemap | accessibility statement | powered by:  target patients md 















