


inland news today, news of the inland empire, riverside, san bernardino counties and southern california




















home
traffic
earthquakes
weather
air quality index
stock market
events calendar
visitors guide
search articles





february 18, 2025 





top stories


pacific palisades & altadena confront difficult rebuilding questions 
altadena - as charred neighborhoods resurface from the infernal flames that engulfed the region last month, questions loom.
hundreds of faa staff fired by trump administration
washington - the trump administration has begun firing hundreds of federal aviation administration (faa) employees, according to the professional aviation safety specialists (pass) union.
riverside county sheriff-coroner chad bianco makes a decision 
riverside – (int) – riverside county sheriff-coroner chad bianco wants to exchange his badge for a seat in the california governor’s office.
17 people injured after delta plane landing at toronto airport overturns
at least 17 people were injured monday when a delta air lines plane overturned upon landing at toronto pearson international airport. 
european leaders discuss being left out of us-russian talks on ukraine
french president emmanuel macron hosted european leaders monday for talks focused on the u.s. push to start russia-ukraine peace negotiations, seemingly set to proceed without the involvement of european officials.
deadly storm system brings heavy snow and flooding rains to multiple states
a massive, severe storm system that's slamming the u.s. northeast with heavy snow has this weekend triggered flash flood warnings in west virginia, virginia, tennessee and kentucky, where officials reported at least 11 deaths.












inland empire



quiet weather will warm-up this coming weekend 
southland - (int) - southern californians are being treated to abundant sunshine.

housing offered for youth exiting foster care
riverside – (int) – young people transitioning out of the foster care system are being given a chance for affordable housing.

edd:  those with computer job skills in growing demand 
inland empire – (int) - the inland empire is projected to have up to 20,000 computer-specific job openings.

i-15 smart freeway project
temecula – (int) – long-awaited improvements to the i-15 though southwest riverside county are coming.

study:  ie feels the pain of inflation
inland empire – (int) – consumers in the inland empire are feeling the bite of inflation.

how much does it cost to soundproof a neighborhood?
riverside – a riverside neighborhood bisected by union pacific train tracks is a lot quieter.

get set for more express lanes
rancho cucamonga – (int) - the san bernardino county express lanes network is being expanded.

school bathroom videos bring lengthy prison term
riverside – (int) – a former counselor at a private school in riverside is looking at a 30 year prison term.

san bernardino’s troubled history retaining city managers continues
san bernardino – (int) - deputy san bernardino city manager tanya romo has been elevated to the acting city manager post.

inland empire flexes its apprenticeship muscles 
inland empire – (int) – riverside and san bernardino counties lead california in training apprentices.

'the cheech' pumps millions into riverside’s economy
riverside – (int) – the cheech marin center for chicano art & culture is becoming a force for riverside’s growing economy.

changes at the top at riverside county health department
riverside – (int) - dr. geoffrey leung is stepping down as riverside county public health officer to accept a parttime position.

big bear puts out ‘welcome mat’ for displaced la fire victims
big bear – (int) – los angeles residents who lost their homes in the horrific wildfires have options.

is an adu for you?
moreno valley – (int) – unlike some cities along the coast, the city of moreno valley has embraced a new state law.




california



flu season peaking; more californians opt not to get vaccinated 
sacramento – (int) – with the flu at a peak this season, doctors are putting the accent on prevention. 

gasoline prices shift into overdrive
southland - reasons for surging gasoline prices explained.  

looking at ourselves: demographic tsunami is coming
california is on the cusp of an unprecedented demographic shift, with projections indicating a dramatic increase in the older adult population by 2040.

new scam:  cloning ebt benefit cards
los angeles – (int) – undocumented immigrants have been rounded up and charged with cloning ebt benefit cards.

finding pets lost in the pacific palisades fire
los angeles – (int) – teams of animal control officials from the inland empire are in los angeles to assist in the aftermath of horrific wildfires. 

improved atmospheric river forecasts sought
washington – (int) – legislation has been proposed to more precisely predict the timing and location of atmospheric rivers.

california lottery celebrates school funding
sacramento – (int) – schools were among the big winners in the california lottery last year.
southern californians' water use lowest in 35 years
southland – (int) – southern californian’s have modified their thirst for water.

california fire zones hemorrhaging carbon dioxide
los angeles - the recent rainfall and increased debris from the fire zones have prompted los angeles county public health officials to issue an advisory.

support for those impacted by southern california wildfires
los angeles – (int) – the california department of public health says it is expanding efforts to make things easier for fire victims.

where california ranks for drivers
on a transportation note, california has the distinction of being the sixth worst state for drivers. 

how’s your credit score?
an analysis has found where credit card scores are falling...and the fastest.  

by the numbers:  california & inland empire thrive
california’s gross domestic product (gdp) comprises 14% of national gdp.












quick takes



a series of micro-quakes continue from an epicenter northeast of san bernardino.  most are too weak to be felt but an m2.6 late sunday night got the attention of several dozen people.  the quakes are estimated to be 5-miles deep not far from the san andreas fault. not to be left out, an m3.0 quake northeast of barstow rumbled across the high desert monday night.  there has been no reported damage.  (int)
legendary mexican singer-songwriter paquita la del barrio died monday at her home in veracruz.  she was 77.  she was known for her anthemic ranchera ballads.  her family confirmed the news on social media.  
final figures are in and the riverside transit agency (rta) says more bus riders are returning to public transit.  the rebound hit 6 million boardings in 2024.  (int)
a pair of unrelated minor earthquakes generated little attention saturday.  an m2.7 jiggled a limited area northeast of san bernardino.  a slightly stronger quake was detected in the san jacinto mountains south of idyllwild. it came in at m3.5.   (int) 
colton police shot and wounded a knife-wielding woman early thursday (february 13th) after she set a parked car on fire at a gas station.  witnesses said the woman had tried to break into other vehicles.  she was shot after getting out of the burning car and walking toward officers with the knife in hand.  leandra michelle guerrero, 36, of riverside is in critical condition.  no one else was injured.  (int) 
the u.s. department of education’s office for civil rights (ocr) wednesday (february 12th) announced an investigation into the california interscholastic federation (cif).  it has publicly announced plans to violate federal anti-discrimination laws related to girls’ and women’s sports. this includes the possibility of allowing male athletes to compete in women’s sports.  (int)  
blood supplies are running low across the inland empire.   blood drives have been cancelled since the beginning of the year and winter weather and seasonal illnesses are likely to keep some donors away.  donations of blood or platelets is encouraged by using the red cross blood donor app or visit redcrossblood.org.  (int)
chaffey high school’s team black has been named san bernardino county academic decathlon champions.   the competition motivated more than 250 students from 15 high schools to dedicate months of preparation under the theme “our changing climate”.  (int)  
eight san bernardino county school districts have been selected for the school board association’s (csba) golden bell awards.  they are the colton-redlands-yucaipa regional occupation program, redlands unified school district, morongo unified school district, victor valley union high school district, ontario-montclair school district, fontana unified school district, chaffey joint union high school district and san bernardino city unified school district.  (int) 
the california transportation commission (ctc) monday (february 3rd) allocated millions of dollars for projects on inland empire highways.  they include four hydrogen fueling stations near the i-215/sr-60 interchange, rehabilitation of the i-10 in calimesa and repairs on route 18 caused by the line fire in san bernardino county and the airport fire on highway 74 near decker canyon above lake elsinore.  (int)
emergency insurance protections are being added to more zip codes ravaged by the los angeles wildfires.  some were initially listed under a mandatory one-year moratorium on insurance non-renewals and cancellations.  the expanded protections shield those within the perimeters or adjoining zip codes of the palisades, eaton, hurst, lidia, sunset, and woodley fires in for one year.  (int)


a woman perished and a fire fighter was burned before a fire was subdued in a home at the north end of san bernardino.  the cause of the sunday night blaze on louise street was still under investigation monday.  the fire fighter was treated and released at the arrowhead regional medical center.  (int) 
a ‘topping out’ milestone has been reached in completion of the mead valley wellness village. located near perris, it is described as an “innovative healthcare campus that integrates behavioral health services, medical care and social support in one centralized location.”  (int)
a firefighter suffered a minor injury while extinguishing a fire sunday (february 16th)  on the campus of uc riverside.  the blaze was confined to the contents of a 24-hundred square foot metal building.  the cause of the fire was not determined but the rfd said “it does not look to be malicious in nature.”  (int)
in riverside, two men are okay after their rescue from the storm-swollen santa ana river early friday.  the men had been trapped by the fast-moving water and managed to cling to trees with their feet dangling in the water.  the riverside fire department swift water rescue team deployed a boat successfully ending the 5-hour-long ordeal.  (int)
riverside police have arrested a former teacher at terrace elementary school and say he may have sexually abused other victims.  hector edward zaldivar, 53, is accused of lewd and lascivious acts upon a child under 14 using force. zaldivar was being held thursday (february 13th) on 1-million dollars bail.  he is employed by the alvord unified school district. (int)
there is a sigh of relief at the university of california after a judge’s temporary restraining order stops cuts ordered by the trump administration to the national institute of health research grants.  uc says it’s committed to working with the trump administration to ensure taxpayer dollars are well spent on innovations and lifesaving research.  (int)
a customs broker from corona pleaded guilty friday (february 7th) to defrauding his clients – businesses that ship goods into the united states from foreign countries.  federal prosecutors say that frank seung noah, 64, took more than $5 million.  noah owned and operated comis international inc., a cerritos-based logistics and supply-chain company, which offered customs import brokerage services on behalf of businesses.  (int)
state covid-19 workplace regulations in place since the pandemic officially expired on feb. 3. reporting and testing are no longer required, although californians are encouraged to follow best practices to prevent the spread of respiratory illnesses.  (int)  
mary martin has been appointed to lead the riverside county department of animal services.  she will lead a department with a $34 million budget that operates four municipal shelters. last year, the department received more than 40,000 calls for field service, worked with partners to save more than 20,600 animals, and performed more than 14,000 spay and neuter surgeries.  (int)
some riverside county residents who foster a cat or dog will now receive financial stipends.  it applies to pets obtained at the san jacinto valley animal campus.  the new foster program aims to increase lifesaving by housing more pets in loving foster homes while they wait for their permanent homes.  (int)
the american red cross opened its first inland empire blood and platelet donation center on tuesday (december 17th) on rivercrest drive in riverside.  the red cross humanitarian services office has also been renovated.  (int)




















weather portal






















about us
privacy policy
copyright
report news
contact us






about inland empire
health services
stock market 
transportation
webcams



bernstein with a twist
int current podcast
sokolsky on the arts and entertainment





 go









