kruger national park - south african safari and tours homeexploresafarilodgesrest campsnature guidemapsinfo faqprivate game reserveskruger national park guidewelcome to kruger national park - south africa's most iconic wildlife safari destination.steeped in legend and history, the iconic kruger national park in south africa is waiting for you to explore its vast landscapes and spectacular african wildlife.
plan your kruger national park safari trip from our recommended kruger park safari tours which range from exclusive private safaris to affordable group safaris. take a journey of exploration to find africa's big five : elephant, lion, rhino, leopard and buffalo, you will discover unique wildlife on a real kruger national park safari in africa.




kruger national park guide


welcome to our kruger national park guide - everything you've ever wanted to know about travelling to kruger park and its wildlife, birds and flora. also explore the vibrant history, culture and traditions of this special place.





your guide to exploring kruger park


exploring kruger national park is a thrilling adventure for wildlife and nature lovers. the park is divided into five primary regions, each offering unique game viewing routes and wildlife just waiting to be explored.







classic safari tours


our classic kruger safaris offer you an authentic african safari experience with excellent wildlife sightings. think 4x4 game drives followed by dinner under the african stars...





where to stay in kruger park


this kruger park lodging guide introduces you to the best safari lodge accommodation in kruger park. you will stay in luxury safari lodges with exceptional cuisine, magnificent wildlife safaris and great hospitality...







popular safaris

for the time-constrained traveller wanting to experience the essence of a wildlife safari, this collection of krugerpark tours, offers you a choice of classic, deluxe and luxury safari tours...





family safari holiday


take your children on a safe, magical journey of discovery into nature's wonders. these family tours in kruger park are for kids of all ages. tailored kids programs, child-friendly menus and age-appropriate activities will keep the little ones entertained on a family safari in kruger park.







premier safari collection


create timeless memories on the  ultimate private south africa safari  experience a safari with every luxury on hand, outstanding cuisine and a range of five star facilities...





romantic safari


romance, indulgence and luxury escapes. exquisite destinations to celebrate your love. these kruger park honeymoon packages at the most sought after lodges...







self-catering rest camps

looking for affordable self-catering accommodation in kruger national park? these kruger park rest camps offer a variety of budget-friendly campsites, bungalows, cottages, rondavels and bush camps. facilities include restaurants, shops, petrol stations and more. ideal for a self-drive safari, although guided game drives can also be arranged.





fully guided safari


enjoy traditional kruger national park safari comfort, accompanied by a skilled ranger on your game viewing safaris. these fully guided safari travel packages deliver standard lodge accommodation and guided game viewing...







accommodation near kruger park


hotels and accommodation near kruger national park are close enough for you to participate in a self-drive or guided full-day safari inside kruger park. browse guest houses, lodges and hotels near kruger park entrance gates...





flights to kruger national park


looking for flights to kruger park? get flight times and schedules for departures from cape town, johannesburg and durban, to kruger international airport. we will get you there!


kruger national park mapwhere is kruger national park? a kruger park map is indispensable in the planning of any safari. find out how to drive to kruger park from johannesburg, and how to get around kruger park if you are doing a self-drive safari. here you can find

main kruger park map
best game viewing routes map
kruger park gate times and distances list
map of historical kruger park sites
map from johannesburg to kruger park
 next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         kruger national park - south african safari  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and booking booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd   game reserves balule game reserve manyeleti game reserve sabi sand game reserve thornybush game reserve timbavati game reserve near kruger national park birding in kruger park kruger national park   most popular pages kruger park maps best time to visit kruger getting to kruger accommodation at a glance camp gates map kruger park gate times kruger travel help conservation fees kruger park news   reference guide africa mammal guide africa bird guide african flowers guide africa grass guide african tree guide african reptiles guide kruger park culture kruger park history  ©2024 siyabona africa(pty)ltd - booking kruger national park booking safari tour packages booking rest camp booking luxury accommodation   privacy settings


