














ls - english: freeware, shareware, quiz, education tools, biblical essays

















 
luzius schneider

freeware,
shareware, education tools, biblical essays
.
.














.



are you so busy with
urgent
things,
that you don't take time for what is important?!?



.



links: seminaries and books


biblical essays




bible quiz





software



most applications support different languages for the interface.
english and german are included in the installation.
here,
you find files for other languages (interface language files).

faq  
frequently asked questions



.

applications!




calcul


a program to practise mental arithmetic's or to do fractions.
it's free!



calculpro


a program to practise mental arithmetic's or to do fractions. it's
based on calcul. furthermore, the performance of the students is
stored in a data base and calculpro is designed for networks. this
allows you for instance to do a test with your students, using a local
network and evaluate the performance of your class automatically.


the program is shareware. the registration
fee for 25 work stations is us$ 20.--.










quiz


a program to train questionnaires or vocabularies. you can compose
your own question files or vocabs, and it is possible to add lengthy explanations
including pictures. as examples, there will be installed: a greek and a
hebrew alphabet and a bible quiz.
the program is free under the condition,
that you will send me your questionnaires you regard as good.



quiz files
more quiz files, different topics! the same format for
quiz, quizpro, flipflop, webquiz and phpwebquiz.




quizpro


a program to train questionnaires or vocabularies. it's based on quiz.
furthermore, quizpro is designed for networks. this allows you for
instance to do a test with your students, using a local network and analyse
the results statistically.


the program is shareware. the registration
fee for 25 work stations is us$ 33.--.










webquiz


a program to solve quizzes online on the internet or on a intranet.
it runs on a internet server. 
webquiz is compatibel with quizpro. this means, you have for example
the possibility to run a test with your students on the internet, and analyse the
results statistically by using quizpro.
the program is shareware. the registration of quizpro includes
webquiz. you have no additional cost.




phpwebquiz


similar to webquiz, phpwebquiz allows to solve quizzes online on the internet or on a intranet.
it runs on a internet server and needs php. as a script, it is independent of operating systems!
phpwebquiz is compatibel with quizpro. this means, you have the same possibilities
as with webquiz.
the program is freeware!




flipflop


a game similar to othello with additional features: up to 4 people
may play simultaneously and a study feature allows you to train different
topics by playing. it's free!




timesync


timesync allows to adjust the clock of your computer using the internet.
it's free!




multiclipboard


multiclipboard is a utility, which can hold an unlimited number of clipboards helping you copy and paste in any application under windows.
it's free!




txtedit

an editor for text or rich text files. it includes a spell checker and a "send to" - feature.
foreign character sets are supported.


it's basically freeware. 
as shareware, some additional features are available!











ispell - ls-distribution


ispell - ls-distribution is a distribution of ispell,
which can be used by several of our applications, e.g. txtedit, quiz, quizpro.
ispell - ls-distribution is fully functional to be used with third party applications as unired.
it's free!






execall


execall helps to execute (or open) any number of files one after the other.
great for example to run e-sword resource files, if you want to install a big number of bibles/commentaries etc.
 it's free!



.

delphi - components!




lsfindreplacedialogw


lsfindreplacedialogw contains two components for delphi 6 and 7: tlsfinddialogw displays a find dialog, tlsreplacedialogw a search-and-replace dialog.
both use wide strings (unicode) and do work only with windows nt/2000/xp and higher.
it's free!




printdialogex


printdialogex contains the component tprintdialogex designed for delphi 5, 6 and 7. it is a printdialog
with an additional combobox to select: all pages, odd pages or even pages. it's free!




speller


speller contains two components designed for delphi 5, 6 and 7: tspellchecker and tspelllanguagecombobox,
which allow to add spell check capability to any application. it's free!





links      
interesting freeware and shareware!



e-sword is a fast and effective way to study the bible, a free bible application with many features, e.g. bibles in many languages, lexicons, commentaries, greek and hebrew sources and much more!
versions for windows and pocket pc available


association of shareware professionals

lots of shareware and freeware!




more links!

seminaries and books


links 








alphana.org usa

alphacourse.org international




the alpha course is a fifteen session program which runs over ten weeks to provide a practical introduction to the christian faith.

it offers the opportunity to explore the meaning of life.



david pawson

david pawson  is one of the best teachers
for biblical and theological questions. profoundly,  nevertheless
gripping he speaks about different themes of our life and of the bible.
books and lectures on audio or video cassettes.
example: studies to each of the 66 books of the bible available on
video or audio cassettes!






 derek
prince

derek prince was professor for philosophy in cambridge. today, he is
a internationally well known teacher for biblical studies and theology.
his books and lectures are available in many languages.





would you like to learn more about the trinity, or what a jew has to
say about the messianic prophecies in the old testament? -- and much more!





muslims are seeking the truth by the thousands. visit www.isaalmasih.net and learn about hazrat isa, dreams and visions of the "man in white", the al-kitab, and more...





search engine for christian interest!





more links!


biblical essays



jewish feasts
a survey of the 7 biblical feasts in form of tables. where do i find
the messiah in the feasts? prophetical aspects! (update february 03. 2000)


jesus' date of birth
where can i find the birthday of jesus in the bible? (update august 2003)



the broad and the narrow way
the word of jesus by which he closes the sermon on the mount (matthew 7:13-14 have been shown many times as a "two way picture": the broad way choosen by many leads to condemnation, the narrow one to paradise.
here is the most famous picture on this topic presented interactively. the origins of it date back to charlotte reihlen (1805-1868).
(4/19/2007)


 jesus heals today

 jesus heals today
 (pdf for printing)

jesus did heal many sick people 2000 years ago. the same is true for his disciples. how about today? (february 2008)







please send hints to:    

luzius schneider
kruggasse 70
ch-5462 siglistorf
switzerland
bank connections









