 





custom holidays

































































 









custom holidays


(313) 388-0448 
 





menu

home
tours

one day
multi-day
river cruises
getaways
european vacations
dso pops concert series
search all trips

activities
trip types




contact us
travel show
newsletter
faq

general
tour activity levels
travel protection


 






custom holidaysmaking lifetime memories


search for:



 
 



about us:custom holidays is a family owned and operated tour company that has been serving the metro detroit area for 40 years. we specialize in first-class tours and vacations. take a break from everyday life, and let us take you on an adventure you will never forget.
travel should be meaningful. it should excite and inspire, rejuvenate and ground, educate and challenge, and most of all, it should humble us. it gives us our greatest stories, our cherished memories, and  irreplaceable lessons that we can choose to pay forward. it teaches us about ourselves and others, broadens our horizons, and invites us to refocus on what really matters. by offering transformative experiences that immerse travelers in local culture, we aim to enrich their lives while making a meaningful impact on the destinations we explore. we believe in travel that goes beyond leisure, leaving a lasting legacy of sustainability and social good.
we are passionate about travel, and are always excited to share the fun and wonder with travelers like you who are looking for that once-in-a-lifetime experience.
hours:
monday - friday
11am - 4pm







featured tours 




 
$1,199 

mackinac island grand experience




view detail






 
$4,949 

iceland’s northern lights




view detail






 
$1,699 

fall in french lick, indiana




view detail






 
$2,399 

autumn in the adirondacks




view detail






 
$1,799 

shores of lake michigan featuring ludington, sheboygan, saugatuck, manitowoc & the ss badger




view detail






 
$1,699 

brandywine valley & philadelphia




view detail









guaranteed departurescustom holidays is proud to be a part-owner of the travel alliance partners. travel the world with a network of companies
you know and trust.  tap is proud to be the first in the industry to offer guaranteed departures. when you make a reservation on any of our hundreds of departures marked as guaranteed, you can be assured that the trip will happen – it’s guaranteed to go! our current collection of tours can take you to exciting places in the united states, canada and around the world.
browse here 






© copyright 2025 custom holidays. 


































