














south australian prostate cancer clinical outcomes collaborative (sa-pcocc) at salhn | sa health


































































































accessibility

language



arabic - عربي
chinese (traditional) - 中國傳統
chinese (simplified) - 中国简化
english
khmer - ភាសាខ្មែរ 
nepali - नेपाली
pashto - پښتو
persian - فارسى
spanish - español
swahili - kiswahili
vietnamese - tiếng việt
more languages













              go to sahealth.sa.gov.au
            




                do you have an emergency?
              

                have an emergency?
              









skip to content (press enter)










search southern adelaide local health network (salhn)





search










 menu

search




for the menu below, use line-by-line navigation to access expanded sub-menus. the tab key navigates through main menu items only.









home


about us
about us

visitors to salhn hospitals
about us
freedom of information
salhn strategic plan
consumer advisory service
media and communications
southern redevelopment latest news
health service planning
covid-19 information for salhn staff
salhn excellence awards 2024


services and clinics
services and clinics

services and clinics
gp plus health care centres and clinics
repat health precinct
services
clinics


careers and training
careers and training

careers and training


governance
governance

governance


engaging with us
engaging with us

engaging with us
consumer engagement
community engagement
what matters to you? goals of care at salhn


news and publications
news and publications

2024 salhn annual public meeting
news and publications
closing the gap at salhn


salhn research
salhn research

for researchers
salhn research
research week
for research participants
research grants
clinical trials 
research direction


contact us
contact us

contact us






need to talk to somebody?

            for assistance in a mental health emergency, contact the mental health triage service - telephone:
          


 13 14 65
            

available 24 hours, seven days a week.



















home


our services


              the south australian prostate cancer clinical outcomes collaborative (sa-pcocc)
            

back to salhn services and clinics





-










close overlaybutton to close overlay








south australian prostate cancer clinical outcomes collaborative (sa-pcocc) at salhn










on this page


the south australian prostate cancer clinical outcomes collaborative (sa-pcocc) was established in 1998 as an ongoing venture initially managed at the repatriation general hospital, but now at flinders medical centre. the flagship of this collaborative is a database tracking men with prostate cancer in south australia.
the database follows men with prostate cancer treated at the major metropolitan hospitals: the royal adelaide hospital, the queen elizabeth hospital, flinders medical centre, noarlunga hospital, lyell mcewin and collaborating private institutions and clinicians.
as part of a bi-national collaboration, sa-pccoc are also contributors to the prostate cancer outcomes registry –australia and new zealand (pcor-anz) which is funded from the movember foundation.
for consumers
prostate cancer treatment and experiences can be difficult to navigate. if you are looking for online resources to help we recommend the pcfa website.
this includes:

online nursing services 
contact for local support groups
information for partners, families and carers

for researchers
researchers and students interested in using the sa-pccoc database are encouraged to contact the office.
we hold regular research meetings to review data requests and support a wide array of projects. contact us at health.sapccoc@sa.gov.au.
publications relating to sa-pccoc
for clinicians
contributing to sa-pccoc aligns with usanz continuing professional development goals and provides access to reports benchmarking your patient outcomes with peers across australia and new zealand.  more broadly, the database provides a unique resource to support training and research in south australia.
current supporters include:

akbar ashrafi
rick catterwell
michael chong
david elder
matthew hong
kym horsell
alex jay
jimmy lam
jason lee
diwei lin
john miller 
kim moretti
kim pese
sophie plagakis
denby steele

resources

pcor-anz annual report (pdf 5424kb) 
research news story: asking for help after prostate cancer treatment 
prostate cancer outcomes report card (pdf 125kb)

sponsors
sa-pccoc is supported by:

movember foundation
the hospital research foundation 
the urological society of australia and new zealand (sa-nt section) 

donate at the sa prostate cancer registry
contact
email: health.sapccoc@sa.gov.auphone: 08 8204 7672location: urology department, flinders medical centre, bedford parksa 5042




related information
you can search through to find related information.



services
documents
links


























back to services and clinics




close




on this page
the following links have visual effect only


















about us
contact us
search

sitemap




where to go for help



              emergencies
            

dial 000 (for ambulance, fire or police)
            



              healthdirect
            

dial 1800 022 222




              mental health crisis
            

                        dial 13 14 65
                      



              poisons information centre
            

                        dial 13 11 26
                      




about southern adelaide local health network (salhn)

          salhn covers flinders medical centre, noarlunga hospital, gp plus health care centres, mental health services and sub-acute services including the repat site.
              
last updated: 15 oct 2024 


connect with us































































top
        






 acknowledgement of country

                we acknowledge and respect aboriginal peoples as the state's first peoples and nations, and recognise aboriginal peoples as traditional owners and occupants of land and waters in south australia.
              




© 2025 sa health (cc) by 4.0
privacy
terms of use
abn 97 643 356 590




















    © 2025 sa health. abn 97 643 356 590.
  


use of the information and data contained within this site or these pages is at your sole risk. 
if you rely on the information on this site you are responsible for ensuring by independent verification its accuracy, currency or completeness.
this site includes links to other websites operated by community, business and government.
these linked websites will have their own terms and conditions of use and you should familiarise yourself with these. 
all linked websites are linked 'as is' and the government of south australia: 
    
does not sponsor, endorse or necessarily approve of any material on websites linked from or to this site;
does not make any warranties or representations regarding the quality, accuracy, merchantability or fitness for purpose of any material on websites linked from or to this site;
does not make any warranties or representations that material on other websites to which this site is linked does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any person anywhere in the world; and
does not authorise the infringement of any intellectual property rights contained in material in other websites by linking this site to those other websites.


if you use automatic language translation services in connection with this site you do so at your own risk. 
the information and data on this site is subject to change without notice. the government of south australia may revise this disclaimer at any time by updating this posting.
the government of south australia, its agents, instrumentalities, officers and employees: 
    
make no representations, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information and data contained on this site
make no representations, express or implied, as to the accuracy or usefulness of any translation of the information on this site or any linked website into another language
make no representations as to the availability of the site and the availability of websites linked from or to the site
accept no liability however arising for any loss resulting from the use of the site and any information and data or reliance placed on it (including translated information and data) 
make no representations, either expressed or implied, as to the suitability of the said information and data for any particular purpose
accepts no liability for any interference with or damage to a user's computer, software or data occurring in connection with or relating to this site or its use or any website linked to this site
do not represent or warrant that applications or payments initiated through this site will in fact be received or made to the intended recipient. users are advised to confirm the application or payment by other means.





privacy http://www.sahealth.sa.gov.au/wps/wcm/connect/public+content/sa+health+internet/about+us/website+information/privacy
copyright http://www.sahealth.sa.gov.au/wps/wcm/connect/public+content/sa+health+internet/about+us/website+information/copyright
disclaimer http://www.sahealth.sa.gov.au/wps/wcm/connect/public+content/sa+health+internet/about+us/website+information/disclaimer
last updated: 15 oct 2024 


























