









sailshare

















for a free, no obligation quote to
deliver your yacht, click here
worldwide yacht deliveries
captain
dennis is a licensed uscg master with the capability to deliver your yacht
anywhere in the world. capt dennis has experience sailing yachts in the
following continents: 
europe, africa, asia, north
america, south america, australia
and
recent experience in the following countries:
australia, brazil, canada (including the trent-severn canal), all
of the islands throughout the caribbean, china, costa rica, croatia, england,
ghana, honduras, hong kong, indonesia, italy, japan, kenya, korea, liberia,
malaysia, the marshall islands, mexico, new caledonia, new zealand, nigeria,
panama (including the panama canal), philippines, saudi arabia, seychelles,
spain, tanzania, taiwan, thailand, turkey, us (east coast, west coast, alaska,
hawaii, guam, the rivers, and great lakes), venezuela, and viet nam.
contact us for
a free quote to move your yacht on the water. our reasonable rates coupled with
our college educated master and crew, lifetime experience and knowledge will
provide a guaranteed maximum day and maximum charge for the passage. click here for
more info on the sailshare yacht delivery webpage.




sailshare yacht deliveries
1107 key
plaza #329
key west,
   florida 33040
(305)731-6795
fax: 815-572-0221





 



 








sailshare has been in
  business since 1993, so it has over 22 years of experience. we have a
  dedicated and capable staff which includes a fully licensed marine engineer,
  uscg certified captains, marine surveyor, chefs, and several other full-time
  staff, sailshare can provide a personal service for your yacht, yourself and
  your charter guests. for your convenience, sailshare also has stateside
  offices in key west and fort lauderdale to help you save on
  overseas phone calls, deposits, making reservations, and faxes.



the hands on general manager in key west is capt
dennis gill, who started teaching sailing at the age of 14 in massachusetts,
where he grew up. capt dennis has now been sailing for 46 years.
most of our clients are from canada, the usa,
germany,
england,
holland
and south and central america.
the mission of sailshare is to provide years of adventure and experience under
sail in the us and in the
exotic islands of the caribbean.we have a
certified american sailing school,
captain services, and crewed charters available in fort
 lauderdale and the florida keys.

1107 key
plaza #329
key west, fl 33040
305-731-6795
fax: 815-572-0221
e-mail us

click on the link below to view more
information 
visit
our previously owned yachts for sale








resort hotel accommodations in key
    west, fl


sailshare shopping



uscg documentation services and waivers to jones
    act to allow foreign-built vessels to be chartered in us waters.



 


 




key
    west performing artist raven cooper



florida keys recording artist eric stone



key west recording artist terry
    cassidy 


 








yacht repair services in key west,
    florida



list your yacht for sale with us for free 


boy scout high adventure charters in the florida keys


























 




 





© 1998
  sailshare, all rights reserved



 



 



 



page designed by capt dennis





 

  



