









julie austin































































about julie

bio
photos


early childhood education
concerts
calendar
cds

song lyrics


ukulele
video
contact/booking














julie austin



julie austin“upbeat, great music to open your heart and put a smile on your face… guaranteed to have your toes tapping, your hands clapping and your fingers snapping!”
julie austin is a dynamic, energetic presenter and performer with over twenty years experience giving concerts for children and families, doing conference keynote presentations and offering teacher and librarian workshops in both music and preschool curriculum. julie uses storytelling, songs and movement along with guitar, autoharp, ukulele and jawharp to encourage children’s active participation. she has a bachelor’s degree in musical performance, a master’s degree in early childhood education and has released six award winning children’s recordings. her most recent cd, “fandagumbo,” won a parents’ choice award. julie is a wolf trap master artist and has been teacher trainer, consultant and preschool teacher with the high/scope foundation. based in georgia, she travels nationally and internationally. her enthusiasm, musical expertise and love of creating community through music make her a favorite of audiences everywhere.
 









invite julie austin to your community! keynote presentations
conferences for educators and music educators
teacher workshops/training/inservices
librarian workshops
residency programs (week long work with classrooms)
concerts:

family concerts  
school programs  
preschool concerts  
library concerts and programs  
community concert series  
festivals and camps  
private functions  
online ukulele and guitar lessons  
group ukulele lessons for adults and children 

join julie’s email list! 





* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 





 







  join julie on facebook!   









 










		
		copyright © 2025 by julie austin, unless otherwise noted. all rights reserved. 
site development by cyndi craven.
	















