





the happiness show -  subjective well-being information












cable 
    television the
happiness show streaming 
    internet



happiness 
	information, resources, and over one hundred free online shows 
produced by george ortega
hosted by: george ortega, 
	lionel ketchian, aymee coget, and claudia b.









home


producer's 
	choice




 21 
		ways to become happier




12 ways to 
		a happier world












this 
			site is dedicated to the memory of 
dr. michael w. 
			fordyce, 
					
12/14/44 - 01/24/11, whose 
					
pioneering work created the happiness movement we enjoy today.  
			heaven and earth are happier places because of you.  thanks, 
					dr. fordyce, 
			and stay happy forever and ever!  dr. 
					fordyce's site at the internet archive
 




quick clicks to the shows: 
			1-20   
			21-40  
			41-60   61-80  
			81-100   101-120  
			121-138     

					 









		 













who we 
		are 





my most recent 216-episode tv series - exploring 
		the illusion of free will



watch 


our 138 shows on 
		youtube, 
		windows streaming media and mpeg





watch our over 30 "producer's 
										choice" shows






what is 
		happiness?



  

		why is happiness so important?




world's 
		happiest countries





		happiness facts





happiness benefits





		the apache method 
		(positive adjectives technique and list)




the ortega happiness 
		method






		other ways of becoming happier





happiness increase experiments




top 
		happiness researchers and promoters






dr. m. fordyce





george ortega's happiness skills 
		theory (2 drafts) 
        





happiness books, papers and 
		articles




start a happiness show






		happiness-increase research and the artifacts dilemma





happiness research still 
		needed





proposals for further refuting 
		hedonic adaptation predictions




the hey bill 
		gates, start an international happiness corporation campaign




happiness 
		increase international





george's happy world 
		songs





humankind's 
		age of happiness




happiness quotes




100 happiness self-statements




outlines to early the happiness show episodes




watch 
			us from home tv




		site map








key happiness facts
		
		 
world's happiest countries (2004):
		 1. nigeria
		 2. mexico
		 3. venezuela
		 4. el salvador
		 5. puerto rico
		 (u.s. ranks 16th)
countries with highest levels of 
		subjective well-being (2004):
		 1. puerto rico
		 2. mexico
		 3. denmark
		 4. columbia
		 5. ireland 

click here for the complete ranking and 
		more information americans 
		consider happiness more important to them than money, moral goodness, 
		and even going to heaven.
					americans are, on average, only 69 percent happy.

					the world population is, on average, less than 65 percent 
		happy.37 percent of the people on 
		forbes list of wealthiest americans are less happy than the average 
		american.
at any given time, one forth of americans 
		are mildly depressed14 percent of 
		the nations on earth are less than 50 percent happy.
happiness increase experiments published in 
		peer review journal have empirically demonstrated that individuals can 
		be trained to be 25 percent happier through various training programs in 
		from two to ten weeks.all 
		demographic variables combined, including age, sex, income, race, and 
		education, are responsible for only 15 percent of the difference in 
		happiness levels between individuals.
		american children feel happy 52 percent of the time, neutral 29 percent 
		of the time, and unhappy 19 percent of the time.
americans' personal income has increased 
		more than 2 1/2 times over the last 50 years, but their happiness level 
		has remained the same.
americans earning more that $10 million 
		annually are only slightly happier than average americans.




(click here for citations and a brief 
		paper on how our world can become much happier)



top
 


 




          
 
 





 







			 




welcome to the world's first 
(and only), television program 
					entirely about 
 happiness!  




 






        
						





 


 











aristotle considered happiness 
										"the highest good."  
										according to scientists, it's our most 
										basic human motivation. in survey after survey, 
										we 
										rank happiness as our number one goal in 
										life.   so, why is our world's level of 
										happiness under 65 percent?  why do americans, the 
										16th happiest people 
										in the world, rate their happiness at 
										only 69 percent, 
										and report feeling happy only 54 percent of 
										each day? 

as our
									
happiness increase experiments
page shows, the good news is that with a little effort, 
										the average person can become 25% 
										happier in from two to six weeks.  
										










									the happiness show was reviewed by
									 
									the new york 
									times, and 
									cited in  
									american scholar.


created and produced by george ortega, 
							the happiness show 
							premiered may 1st. 2003, on white plains, new york, 
							cable channel 76. the episodes 

									have also  appeared on cable tv stations in san 
							francisco and 


									herkimer county, new york. 

									they are now shown in most of 
									fairfield county, connecticut, and are 
									occasionally presented in far away places 
									like 
									
									new south wales, australia.


									enjoy, for free,
							our
							over one hundred and thirty 28 minute 
							episodes 
in streaming audio and 
							video.






 



















									our former co-host, dr. aymee coget, is 
									pioneering the new and very hot business of 
									happiness training with her 
									lifetime-guaranteed
									happiness makeover. dr. aymee has done over 120 makeovers, and her 
									current fee for the three month personal 
									training designed to keep you happy for the 
									rest of your life is $3,000. the 
									new york times refers to her as the suzy 
									orman of happiness, and dr. aymee recently 
									appeared on the fran drescher show. with her business growing by leaps and 
									bounds, and a network tv pilot in the works, 
									dr. aymee is leading the way to a happier 
									world! 




 
































 












humankind's
							age of happiness

by george ortega
this short treatise will show how over the past 50 
							years, humanity has amassed a body of scientific 
							knowledge about happiness that our world can now use 
							to relatively easily and inexpensively lift our global 
							happiness from its current level of under 65% to a 
							much happier 85% or higher within a decade.  
							this achievement will be tantamount to the 
							creation of a new historic age of human happiness.
									happiness studies date back as far as 1930 when 
							goodwin watson published a paper called "happiness 
							among adult students of education," it was not until 
							1957, however, that a true science of happiness began.  in that year, 
							alden e. wessman published his doctoral dissertation 
							titled "a psychological inquiry into satisfactions 
							and happiness."  an increasing number of published 
							studies on happiness followed throughout the 1960s 
							and 1970s.in the mid '70s, michael fordyce, a professor from fort myers, florida, 
							concluded that the science of happiness had 
							collected enough consistent data to justify a giant 
							leap forward. predicting that individuals could be 
							taught to become much happier though classroom 
							instruction based on happiness research findings, 
							fordyce conducted the world's first 
							happiness-increase experiment.  his "development of a 
							program to increase personal happiness," published 
							in 1977 in the journal of counseling psychology, 
							demonstrated conclusively that by receiving a few 
							weeks of instruction, individuals could become much 
							happier. because of its significance to humankind's highest 
							goal of happiness, this pioneering study is destined 
							to rank among the most important scientific works of 
							all time. michael fordyce created a distinct field 
							of "happiness-increase psychology" that is the most effective and direct 
							means humankind has yet developed to achieve what 
							english philosopher jeremy bentham described in 1769 
							as "the greatest happiness of the greatest number."
thirty years after fordyce developed his powerful 
							happiness-increase program, our world is 
							experiencing an historic epiphany regarding the 
							primacy happiness holds in our lives, both as 
							individuals and as a global society. in 1998, martin 
							seligman, then president of the american 
							psychological association, founded the positive psychology 
							movement whose research focus 
							revives a long dormant recognition 
							going back to the a.p.a.'s first president, raymond 
							dodge, that "happiness is an important, if not the 
							most important, aim of human endeavor."  with this 
							enormously popular redirection in psychology, a new 
							generation of researchers led by sonja lyubomirsky 
							has emerged to advance the happiness-increase 
							interventions that fordyce pioneered.recognizing that this renaissance in happiness 
							research was destined to create a wide consumer 
							demand for happiness, from 2003-05, seligman and 
							his colleague, ben dean, trained about 1,000 individuals 
							to market one-to-one happiness coaching.  also 
							in 2003, the author of 
							this treatise created the world's first television 
							program entirely about happiness; the happiness 
							show.  to disseminate happiness information as 
							widely as possible, he has made virtually all of its over 130 half-hour episodes available for free digital 
							download and free broadcast by television stations 
							throughout in the world. highlighting the public's new interest 
							in happiness, on january 17, 2005, time 
							magazine published a cover story on "the new science 
							of happiness" that spanned 64 pages, and became 
							the magazine's most requested back issue.  in a world 
							dominated by an insatiable quest for wealth, the 
							preeminent role of happiness in our lives is also 
							being forcefully promoted by top economists and 
							business leaders.  in 2005, sir richard layard, 
									founder of europe's leading economic 
									institution, the london school of economics' centre for economic 
							performance, published a book titled happiness 
							that strongly advocates a shift in our global 
							mindset from economics and materialism to the 
							happiness at the heart of those desires.  here we are in 2007, and 
							happiness seems to be reaching the critical mass 
							that malcolm gladwell describes in his book, the 
							tipping point, as presaging major changes in our 
							personal and societal landscapes.an age of human happiness is being born as people 
							all over the world experience the revelation that 
							behind all of the money, success, 
							prestige, knowledge, security and health, we strive 
							for lies the 
							singular goal of greater happiness.  a 
							widening understanding that dramatic increases in happiness 
							are readily and inexpensively at hand by individuals 
							completing eight to twelve hours of happiness 
							instruction over the course of eight to twelve weeks 
							represents a second major component of, and catalyst 
							to, 
							an emerging worldwide happiness movement. happiness is now being seen as more than the goal of every product we buy, 
							but a product in its own right.  the business 
							community is gearing up to meet a new consumer 
							market for greater happiness through scientifically 
							proven classroom and personal 
							training.  as businesses begin to advertise 
							this new product through television commercials, 
							infomercials, and other venues, consumer demand for 
							greater happiness through training should grow 
							exponentially.other sectors of society are beginning to appreciate the 
							growing body of happiness research demonstrating 
							that as people become happier they become more 
							healthy, energetic, productive, creative, 
							cooperative, compassionate, etc.  in 2006, the 
							most popular course at harvard university was a 
							course on happiness.  happiness 
							instruction is beginning to be adopted by schools to 
							improve academic performance, and will be a part of 
							british public school curriculums beginning in 2008. 
									ideas have their time, and the time for a global age 
							of happiness appears to be at hand.  as 
							citizens of our world's rich countries  
							experience their happiness level rising from its 
							current 70% to a level of 85% and higher (over 20% 
							of americans are already at least 85% happy.), 
							something very wonderful should begin to happen.  
							having achieved their cherished goal, happier 
							masses are likely to turn their attention to 
							the needs of the less fortunate.one of the strongest findings in happiness research 
							is that above the poverty line money's ability to 
							create greater happiness is marginal.  below 
							that line, however, money to acquire basic needs is 
							far more instrumental to happiness.  about one 
							billion people in our world live in an extreme 
							poverty that takes their children's lives at the 
							rate of 29,000 each day.  as the international 
							community acknowledged more than 30 years ago, all 
							that is necessary to save the vast majority of those 
							lives is for the world's 22 richest countries to 
							devote one percent of their annual income to this 
							most urgent of humanity's problems.  
							regrettably, those rich countries now collectively 
							devote less than one half of one percent of their income 
							each year to ending this needless suffering and 
							death. once their population's needs for shelter, clothing, 
							and food are met, and they are helped in creating 
							self-sustaining economies, the poorest countries in 
							our world will join the developed world in this 
							historic happiness revolution.  when that 
							happens, our world will be rewarded for its 
							compassion with the most wonderful achievement of 
							all  
							humankind; a global age of happiness. 




























																								becoming much happier is very easy for those of us above the poverty line, but much more difficult for the 2.5 billion people on our planet who live on less than $2 a day.  help one help them.  founded by rock singer, bono, one is not asking for your money, it is asking for your voice.
























 






































 




 




quick clicks to 
							the shows:


 







1-20


21-40


41-60


61-80


81-100


101-120


121-138









































top 
 



  




