







the finishing store – start right. finish better.































































aboutour products

flooringmouldingstairsdoorsmantels and caps
services

custom millworkinstallationsand and finish
resources

all about floorsall about mouldingscork flooring factsfloor care guidehardwood flooring facts
promotionsblogcontact

locationget a quotecareers
 



 
























every perfect finish starts here.
bring your home renovation project to life with top-quality finishings at affordable prices. our team of experts will provide unparalleled, professional service from consultation to installation. 














what we do






flooring
we take pride in carrying the finest quality flooring from around the world. with solid and engineered options including hardwood to cork, laminate, leather, vinyl plank, and carpet, we’ll help you find the type of flooring that is right for you.
learn more about flooring









custom woodwork
our team of skilled woodworkers will craft one-of-a-kind finishings for your home using the highest quality materials and expert attention to detail. we’ll follow your custom design or use one of over 9,000 moulding profiles to match to your home.
learn more about custom woodwork









testimonial
it is finished and it looks great. really nice group of guys that worked on it too, i was really impressed.
-jaci









doors
functional doors can also be beautiful. we carry only the finest quality doors and door hardware and offer a variety of styles and materials in each. choose from a wide selection of interior and exterior doors, or have us create a custom piece.
learn more about doors









mantels
whether you’re planning to display meaningful belongings on your mantelpiece or let it stand alone as an architectural element, our expert woodworkers will custom build the perfect piece for your home. choose from oak, maple, cherry, or paint grade.
learn more about mantels









installation
we offer installation services on all the products that we sell. our installers are qualified and insured – as is the finishing store, leaving no risk exposure for our clients. we warranty all installations performed by our installers.
learn more about installation













































blog






elevate your home decor: modernize with wainscot paneling
july 18, 2024
timeless elegance meets practicality: wainscot paneling elevates any room, from classic to contemporary. protect walls, add depth, and infuse luxury effortlessly.



read more











budget-friendly interior renovation: a step-by-step guide
july 4, 2024
transform your space without breaking the bank! prioritize high-impact changes, set a realistic budget, and embrace creativity. diy and smart material shopping can yield stunning results.



read more











hardwood vs. laminate flooring: making the right choice for your home
june 13, 2024
choosing between hardwood and laminate flooring? hardwood offers beauty and longevity; laminate provides durability and affordability. consider aesthetics, maintenance, cost, and eco-friendliness for the best choice



read more
































showroom location


nanaimo
4128 mostar roadnanaimo, bc v9t 6c9

(250) 756-1231
mon – fri:8:00 am to 4:30 pm
saturday:8:30 am to 4:00 pm
sunday:closed




millworks location

















about
installation
blog
location
careers
privacy policy
sitemap
 

privacy policy












visit our facebook page.visit our instagram page.


                                start right. finish better.                            

©2025 the finishing store                            



















