















graduate programs in human resource development | villanova university
























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectionacademic programsadmissionsthe villanova experiencefaculty research & scholarshipabout the college




events

















x

search vu



















college of liberal arts and sciences
























college of liberal arts and sciences / academic programs / department of psychological and brain sciences / graduate programs in hrd













graduate programs in human resource development










 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








                    apply
            





                    visit
            





                    request info
            













 the villanova graduate program in human resource development (hrd) is committed to its vision of developing global thought-leaders who drive high performing, inclusive organizations and create meaningful work experiences.
it is our mission to develop hr leaders through evidence-based education and applied experiences in functional and strategic human resource management, within dynamic organizational environments. we believe strongly that the people in every organization are the greatest asset of that business and to achieve success, the business must not only leverage but support, motivate, and develop those people. we educate our students on the research that supports these beliefs and provide opportunities for experiences to explore the application of these beliefs and the foundations of strategic human resources in our classrooms.
with more than 3,000 hrd graduates in businesses ranging from healthcare to technology and finance, our students have enjoyed tremendous career success and are now leaders in the field who return to contribute knowledge, guidance and expertise to our students.
 
take classes on campus or online!
convenient as it is affordable, our programs offer both on-campus and online options. at villanova, we value learning together, that's why even our online courses are synchronous, meaning you will meet live virtually each week with your instructor and classmates. through our programs, you will build authentic networks that will support you throughout your career.









explore our programs




mshrd
master of science in human resource development (mshrd) degree
more




combined
current villanova undergraduates can get a jumpstart on the mshrd degree.
more




certificates
hr business partner, hr leadership, inclusion & diversity strategy and organization development
more




shrm prep
noncredit courses to help you prepare for shrm-cp/shrm-scp examinations
more














why villanova hrd?







				mission to develop hr leaders







it is our mission to develop hr leaders through evidence-based education and applied experiences in functional and strategic human resource management within dynamic organizational environments.
we believe strongly that the people in every organization are the greatest asset of that business and to achieve success, the business must not only leverage but also support, motivate and develop those people.
are you looking for training in human resource development? we educate our students on the research that supports these beliefs and provide opportunities for experiences to explore the application of these beliefs and the foundations of strategic hr topics in our classrooms.















				experience and extensive alumni network







established in 1980, the villanova hrd program is one of the longest-running graduate human resource programs in the country.
with more than 3,000 hrd graduates, you will be joining a vast alumni network of hr professionals leading human resources in organizations globally.















				flexibility to fit your schedule







our flexible eight-week class format allows students to balance their academic, professional and personal lives.
earn your mshrd degree in two years or attend part-time and take up to four years for completion.
all programs are offered on campus or fully online. our online courses are synchronous, meaning you will meet live virtually each week with your instructor and classmates.
we do not require the gre and offer an easy online admission process. you can apply to begin when you are ready, fall, spring or summer.















				tailored program to match your career goals






tailor the hrd program to fit your career goals by earning a graduate certificate in a concentration area independently or in conjunction with the master's in human resources development.  we offer four certificates to fit your human resource administration interests:

hr business partner
hr leadership
inclusion & diversity strategy
organization development

 














				faculty invested in your success







learn from both active practitioners working in the field and research faculty conducting research used in organizations today.
our faculty are willing mentors who are invested in your success!















				shrm and hrci certified







all classes in the program are shrm and hrci certified.
you can earn recertification credits while taking our classes.

















join us for a virtual information session
lean more about the villanova graduate human resource development program and the application process.  we will discuss curriculum, ways to specialize the degree, flexibility in scheduling, and the opportunities for growing your career through development and the villanova hrd network.  we save plenty of time for q & a.  all attendees will receive an application fee waiver code. space is limited for these events, so register now and we'll send you a web link to participate and reminder messages. all times eastern time.






event                         
 
 
 
 
date 
 
 
 
 
time
registration link

 
 
human resource development (hrd)
 
 
 
 
feb. 19, 2025
 
 
 
 
12 p.m. et
 register now!
 
 
 
human resource development (hrd)
 
 
 
 
feb. 19, 2025
 
 
 
 
6 p.m. et
 register now!
 
 
 
human resource development (hrd)
 
 
 
 
march 13, 2025
 
 
 
 
12 p.m. et
 register now!
 
 
 
human resource development (hrd)
 
 
 
 
march 13, 2025
 
 
 
 
6 p.m. et
 register now!
 
 
 
human resource development (hrd)
 
 
 
 
april 10, 2025
 
 
 
 
12 p.m. et
 register now!
 
 
 
human resource development (hrd)
 
 
 
 
april 10, 2025
 
 
 
 
6 p.m. et
 register now!
 
 
 
human resource development (hrd)
 
 
 
 
may 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
12 p.m. et
 register now!
 
 
 
human resource development (hrd)
 
 
 
 
may 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
6 p.m. et
 register now!
 
 
 







related topicsms in hr developmentgraduate certificatescombined programsresources and opportunitiesmeet our faculty and staffhear from our graduatesapplication dates and term startshr development series





					  contact us 





human resource development
st. mary's hall, suite 119
villanova university
800 lancaster avenue
villanova, pa 19085 
questions about your application? email gradclasflex@villanova.edu.


phone: 610-519-4582
email: gradhrdoffice@villanova.edu











					  graduate programs in human resource development 








graduate human resource development home


master of science in human resource development


graduate certificates


combined bachelor/master programs


resources and opportunities


faculty and staff


hear from our graduates


hr development series









    




                    academic calendar
            



follow villanova hrd












the hrd corner blog



visit the hrd corner! we use this blog to share our thoughts on the world of hr, share alumni, student and faculty stories, and to keep you informed about our program and upcoming events throughout the year!







deadlines


new courses begin every eight weeks.
fall ii 2024


application due - oct. 1
term starts - oct. 21

spring i 2025

application due: dec. 1
term starts: jan. 13

spring ii 2025

application due: feb. 1
term starts: mar. 10

summer i 2025

application due: apr. 15
term starts: may 12

summer ii 2025

application due: june 1
term starts: june 30

fall i 2025

application with funding consideration due: mar. 1
application due: aug. 1
term starts: aug. 25

fall ii 2025

application due: oct. 1
term starts: oct. 20

questions about your application? email us!


begin your application.
register for a virtual information session.
 






     









important notices for distance education students
the following includes important information for students participating in online courses, online programs and/or on-ground clinicals or practicums while physically located outside of pennsylvania.
read the notices for distance education students



















who we are













determined graduates

 






professional development speakers

 






academic journal authors

 






industry leaders

 


























graduate student resources



















how to apply










graduate liberal arts & sciences










admitted and incoming students










financing your education










academic calendar










research support, student services, academic policies










careers and professional development













                    support the program
            






























connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













