










prague experience | official website | tourist information & travel guide





















prague guide
activities & sport
airport transfers
clubs & nightlife
concerts & opera
entertainment
prague package
pubs, bars, cafés
restaurants
river cruises
shops & markets
sightseeing
sights, museums
stag & hen
theatre guide
prague events
events 2025-26
easter 2025
christmas 2025
new year's eve
information
accessibility
children's fun
czech beer
history of prague
maps of prague
public transport
tourism info
tourist info
travel to prague
about us
about us
booking terms
contact us
trip reviews

prague tourist information & travel guideprague is an exciting city to visit in 2025, with wonderful sightseeing, events, restaurants, entertainment and nightlife. welcome to the no.1 prague tourist information & travel guide.






prague tours
the best prague tours, activities & experiences in 2025 





concerts|opera
tickets for prague concerts, opera & ballet in 2025 





river cruises
dine in style on a river cruise through the heart of prague 





entertainment
czech & medieval feasts, beer tasting & ghost tours




restaurants
prague restaurants guide: from budget food to fine dining 





prague sights
top prague sights, tourist attractions, museums & towers 






prague theatre
black light theatre in prague: top shows and tickets in 2025
 






explore czechia
day trips from prague: visit terezín and medieval towns





winter concerts
winter classical concerts in prague's historical buildings 





winter events
ice skating, food & drink festivals, opera and exhibitions 





city breaks
prague package: hotel, transfers, tour & entertainment 





sports bars
watch premier league football, six nations rugby and f1
prague experience: prague city guide
founded in 2002, prague experience is the original prague city guide and online booking service. we focus on the best of prague: the best sightseeing, entertainment, restaurants, activities and events in the city.
we can help you plan your whole prague trip or simply book concert tickets, a river cruise, or a meal for a special occasion.this website has practical prague tourist information, explains the layout of the city, lists the sights and tourist attractions to visit, and contains public transport and travel information.
our events guide shows you what's on in prague in 2025-2026.
if you are looking to explore, we feature a range of prague sightseeing tours and river cruises, plus one day trips to visit czechia. we also list fun activities.
nighttime entertainment includes the city's finest medieval feast, an all-inclusive czech night, a prague castle by night & alchemy tour, a ghost tour, pub crawl, and czech beer tasting.
the city is famous for classical concerts, opera and ballet. many visitors find attending a performance becomes the highlight of their prague trip. see the listings guide to book tickets for the best performances at the finest venues in prague.
if you are looking for somewhere to eat, our prague restaurants guide caters for all budgets, from traditional czech pub food to fine dining.
when you book a service through prague experience, we email you an e-ticket for you to print or show on your phone.
you can visit prague all year round. if you are unsure where to start with your planning, one easy way is to book one of our prague city breaks.
prague experience reviews: your prague trip

we had a fantastic tour. our guide was the best. the food and drinks were so good to try. our guide was very knowledgeable. we would highly recommend this tour! (prague tour with czech food & drinks) megan, south africa
everything went really well with our pick up to and from the airport. the driver was on time, courteous and professional and the car was clean and comfortable. i am really happy with the service provided and i would definitely use again and recommend to others. (airport transfers.) carol, uk
we absolutely loved the orchestra concert at st salvator church!! it was the highlight of our trip to prague. excellent musicians, acoustics, and surroundings! if we lived closer, i would attend weekly. thank you! (classic spectacular at st. salvator church at charles bridge.) pamela, usa.
we loved the concert! retrieving our tickets was simple, and all those helping were so kind. our seats were comfortable, and the performance was amazing! we are so glad we chose this beautiful venue, and glorious orchestra! (czech national symphony orchestra at municipal house.) kimberly, usa.
we really enjoyed the tour and our guide was very knowledgeable and engaging. it was nice to have a small group too. thank you for organising it last minute for us. we also booked a boat trip and theatre trip through your website prior to going to prague which were both really good. very smooth process and great information/instruction. (old town & jewish quarter tour + prague sightseeing cruise + best of image at the image theatre.) sophia, uk.we would recommend anyone visiting prague to use prague experience, who are reliable and value for money, and have many great experiences to choose from. peter, uk.we will definitely recommend prague experience to friends. i loved having booked our musical events in advance so we didn't have to run around when we got to prague, but rather be able to savor all that prague has to offer. jeri, usa.read more reviews of prague experience and tell us about your prague trip - trip reviews




tourist informationprague informationwebcam  weather
price guideexpect first-rate customer service and value for money withprague experiencemore info


visit prague with prague experience: information updated daily. 23 years of service
prague experience © 2002-2025 travel experience ltd | booking terms | privacy


