










champion sidecars & reverse gears for harley motor trike




















































































 
 





















call: (657) 296-0595   |   customerservice@championsidecars.com

followfollowfollowfollow

















menu






products

sidecars
reverse gears
accessories


find a dealer
installation
about














contact us



 











champion sidecars
& reverse gears





shop now

 












champion sidecars & reverse gears: for a limited time free shipping on reverse gear orders in the u.s.a.





































the best in sidecars & reverse gears
champion sidecars & reverse gears (formerly champion trikes & sidecars) has long been the leader in the motorcycle sidecar and trike kit world with its champion avenger sidecar, champion legend sidecar, champion vintage sidecar, trike conversion kits, harley trike kits, indian trike kits and honda trike kits. now moving away from motorcycle trike kits, champion is focused exclusively on presenting the best motorcycle sidecars and motorcycle reverse gears america has to offer. consequently, champion sidecars and reverse gears is poised to bring you the best products and customer service to date. that is to say, they have an extensive dealer network to help keep your dreams alive by owning a new champion sidecar or a reverse gear for your harley davidson trike kit, 2-wheeler motorcycle reverse gear or reverse gear for sidecar!
so if you’re looking for a harley davidson sidecar, indian motorcycle sidecar, honda motorcycle sidecar or the like, that is expertly manufactured and assembled, they are ready to help get you on the road.
moreover, champion is proud to offer the very best in mechanical reverse gears for your harley davidson motorcycle. works for bikes, trikes, and sidecars, has a low gear ratio for easy control and much more. the quality craftsmanship of champion, in particular, provides reverse gears for 6 speed harley davidson motorcycles with the cable clutch and the hydraulic clutch option.
made in america, champion sidecars and reverse gears are 100% manufactured and assembled in the u.s.a.





supporting our military veteran heroes
as the official sidecar provider to the veterans charity ride to sturgis sponsored by indian motorcycle, champion is honored to support of military veterans. this unique life changing and saving program takes wounded and amputee veterans on motorcycle therapy excursions. to learn more about champion’s contributions and support of our veterans and military, click here.



































shop champion sidecars & reverse gears







champion avenger sidecar


champion legend sidecar


champion vintage sidecar


6 speed reverse gear kit – harley davidson 2020 & up with hydraulic clutch
$1,580.00


6 speed reverse gear kit – harley davidson 2020 & up with cable clutch
$1,495.00


6 speed reverse gear kit – harley davidson 2009 to 2019 with hydraulic clutch
$1,580.00


6 speed reverse gear kit – harley davidson 2009 to 2019 with cable clutch
$1,495.00


6 speed reverse gear kit – harley davidson 2007 to 2008 with hydraulic clutch
$1,580.00


6 speed reverse gear kit – harley davidson 2007 to 2008 with cable clutch
$1,495.00


5 speed reverse gear
$1,495.00






see the reverse gear in action!

 




for a limited time free shipping on reverse gears in the u.s.a.



international rates available at checkout





reverse gear installation guides
get the help you need with the champion reverse gear installation guides.
learn more









quality craftsmanship









our expertly manufactured and assembled sidecars, gives you the confidence that you are safe and secure on the road. additionally, our reverse gears are made with precision-engineered aerospace materials with easy-to-follow instructions. they are clutch operated, so no battery drain. limited 1 year warranty. as a top motorcycle sidecar manufacturer, it is imperative that we maintain the ever so important phrase, "made in the usa," next to our name!






manufactured and assembled in the u.s.a






quality materials






expert engineering









do you have any questions?
 
below are some commonly asked questions about champion sidecars and reverse gears. we are here to help you in any way, so please use the number or contact form below to reach out to us.





q: why choose a champion sidecar?
a: a sidecar gives you the ability to take an additional passenger (or your dog), plus you can use it to carry items from the store or even camping gear.

q: are champion sidecars removable?
a: yes they are. champion has designed our sidecars to be removed and/or re-installed in less than 15 minutes.

q: how many model sidecars does champion offer?
a: champion offers three (3) different style sidecars – click here for pictures and pricing.



 










get in touch

have a question or need some help? send us a note with the form below.






name


email address


subject


phone


message




submit
















phone number
(657) 296-0595 






email
customerservice@championsidecars.com






location
11661 martens river circle, ste afountain valley, ca 92708





pages


home
about
products






help section


my account
installation guides
warranty claims
contact








© 2020  champion sidecars & reverse gears | all rights reserved  |  privacy policy  |  terms of use



 






 



























































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok





