






manchester farms quail

























































 




















follow us








call to order!  (800) 845-0421


home
quail
quail eggs
our farm

about us
quail masters

brittney miller
matt miller


meet the flock
gallery
friends of the flock

testimonials


merchandise


recipes
shop for quail

catalog
buy quail by the case
gift cards
corporate gifts
request a sample


press
contact us
private label co-manufacturing
 





home
quail
quail eggs
our farm

        - about us
        - quail masters

                - brittney miller
                - matt miller


        - meet the flock
        - gallery
        - friends of the flock

                - testimonials


        - merchandise


recipes
shop for quail

        - catalog
        - buy quail by the case
        - gift cards
        - corporate gifts
        - request a sample


press
contact us
private label co-manufacturing
 manchester farms"bringing out the chef in all of us..."
shop our best selling quail packsnew merchandisecheck out our new tees!
see morequail eggsquail eggs are considered a delicacy in many countries, including western europe and north america.
quail legsthese make great party appetizers!
buy nowroasted quailgreat for dinner!
order onlinefresh boneless quail breastscheck our recipes for great ideas!
have it deliveredstuffed bone in quailone of our tastiest treats!
order today 






shop nowchoose from a selection of bone-in quail, boneless quail, quail halves, and more.
shop nowmerchandisecheck out some of our customers favorite t shirts and more. show your quail pride!
see morepremium quaillearn what makes quail from manchester farms great for your family. 
learn morequail eggslearn what makes quail eggs a healthy alternative to chicken eggs.
learn more












follow us!



 



 



 




manchester farms
at manchester farms, we pride ourselves on raising happy, healthy quail, providing value and excellent service to our customers, and continuing our legacy as a second generation family farm. started in the 1970s, manchester farms is the oldest quail farm in the nation.
whether you’re looking for quail for the dinner table or for commercial food service, manchester farms offers a number of unique products to meet your needs including bone-in quail, semi-boneless, quail eggs, and bacon-wrapped quail. our birds are raised with the best care and are hormone and growth promotant free. if you’re unsure how to cook quail, we have a number of fantastic quail recipes from our family and our chef friends. we hope you enjoy!
all natural quail
at manchester farms our mission is to provide high quality food products of value to our customers, consistent supply, and exceptional customer service.

we are the only sqf level 2 certified quail processor in the u.s.a. whether you need quail for commercial food service or retail we provide the premier quail products including bone in quail, semi-boneless quail, quail eggs, and bacon wrapped quail that sure to please.
our quail products are:

100% natural
free of antibiotics and hormones
gluten free

try any of our premium quail appetizers, bone in quail, or boneless quail and see just how delicious and healthy quail and quail eggs can be for you and your family. not sure how to prepare quail? try one of our great quail recipes.

 

latest news! 
















				pet nutritionist kayla kowalski recommends quail eggs for pet health			











				kevin bacon goes shopping for quail eggs!			








old flight pen in manchester forest,  brittney’s brother steve odom with early shipment of quail going out to grocery stores, and early pickled quail eggs form 30 years ago.





 







manchester farms

8126 garners ferry rd
columbia, sc 29209

ph: 800-845-0421
 


follow us!



 



 



 


hours of operation

monday - thursday
8am - 4pm
friday
8am - 3pm
saturday
closed
sunday
closed

quail linksprivate label co-manufacturing
recipies
shop for quail
corporate gifts
request a sample
merchandise
testimonials
quail eggs
quail
contact





			copyright © 2024 manchester farms all rights reserved			








don't forget to try our quail eggs!


got it!				

x





















































