




homepage - hair extensions consulting company in dallas, tx - mayer art consultants




































skip to content


mayer art consultants



menu
home
hair extensions blog
previous site
 






homepage – hair extensions consulting company in dallas, tx


what to consider before getting hair extensions


hair extensions seem to have been receiving a lot of mixed opinions from the general public in the last several years.
most of the issues that many seem to have against hair extensions is that the extension clips have the tendency to peek out from the scalp. another issue is that most hair extensions don’t seem to match the same color as the natural hair and can look fake.
however, there have been some hair extensions that have a much better and more natural-looking look quality to them, which compliments the natural hair. hair extensions of today is capable of solving some of your worst hair style concerns, as well as appears as if your not wearing any extensions at all.



you’re probably wondering to yourself if hair extensions are right for you?
hair extensions can help boost your overall confidence and self-esteem. hair extensions can also make your hair look much younger and full of life if your natural hair is showing signs of age.
there are many types of hair extensions to choose from, ranging from clip-in extensions, tape and keratin extensions.
clip-in extensions are great for women with alopecia and/or psoriasis.
tape extensions are applied by piecing together two pieces of bioadrtapw and leaving them in your hair which can last from six to eight weeks until they will need to be replaced.
however, if you sweat a lot, it is highly encouraged to use dry shampoo to avoid any moisture and to keep the sweat from loosening the tape.
keratin hair extensions are some of the most expensive extensions which can cost up to $850 for a full set of extensions. keratin extensions are known to last for a good three to four months.
these extensions can also withstand chlorine and salt water.
i’d you’re wondering how to choose the right kind of hair extensions that would fit your hair, you should definitely consider choosing the right shade and texture that would nicely fit the color and texture of your natural hair.
before choosing the best hair extensions that you think will best compliment you, the first thing you should do is ask a professional and reputable hair salon in your area a lot of questions. most hair salon professionals will be more than happy to answer your questions on most cases.
one of the most important questions you should ask your salon is “what type of hair extensions do you use?”
if their answer is not 100 % human hair extensions, you should consider staying away from that salon.
the second question you should ask is “where do you get your source of hair from?”.
most salons usually get their hair extensions from india and europe.
they will also let you know if, if you’re a brunette, indian hair is the best choice for you since it will add some volume to your hair. if you’re a blonde or have finer hair, even though it’s more expensive, european hair is best for this type of hair.
lastly, the next question you should ask is “how do i take care of my extensions?”
a reputable hair salon will tell you that the best way to do this is to keep your hair extensions untangled.
the best way to you can do this is to style your hair in a loose braid or bun before you sleep, which will help prevent your extensions from getting knotted up against the pillow.
you should also add a bit of leave-in conditioner to maintain moisture.







search for:






recent posts


hair extensions blog


recent commentsarchives

november 2016

categories

blog


 









