










home - escape massage























































my account
















 






home
massage
eden energy therapy
halotherapy
services
gift cards
memberships
book now
contact

 menu





my account

































enjoy your first 60-minutemassage session for only $68!learn more about us and what we offer by checking out our services list.book an appointment for any of our services online any time - day or night! we will confirm your appointment through e-mail when we receive it. if you need to get in touch during business hours, check our contact details.



























feel better, breathe betterescape.escape massage has been providing everyday escapes since opening in 2009 at westchester commons.whether you are experiencing the rigors of daily life or going through a stressful time, it is vital to take care of yourself.at escape, you can get an incredible massage from one of our talented massage therapists or relax in our himalayan salt room and soak in all the benefits of halotherapy.we are committed to offering a warm, friendly environment and outstanding service so you can head back out into the world feeling refreshed and rejuvenated.





















        





massagewhether looking to wind down and melt away the stress of everyday life, or get relief from an aching back or stiff neck, we have just the right massage therapist for you! we have a team of professional, experienced, and caring licensed massage therapists that tailor your massage to what your muscles need during your self-care session. we offer a variety of massages including swedish, therapeutic  swedish, deep tissue, hot stone, aromatherapy, and cbd.  regularly incorporating massage into your life is beneficial to maintaining physical and mental health.



























energyhealingescape offers eden energy therapy. energy healing is a complementary approach based on the belief that our bodies have energy flowing through them, and that healing can come from helping to balance this flow.





















halotherapy (salt therapy)who would guess that sitting in a room full of salt could make you feel better? in regions of europe and asia, people with respiratory and skin issues visit salt rooms regularly to breathe easier, improve skin conditions, elevate their mood, and boost their overall health.visit our halotherapy page to discover more about how salt therapy can make a difference in your life.enjoy your first halotherapyexperience for only $20!
















manage site 

            powered by daysmart






















