   
	home |  npa | national pace association
           



 
                    menu
                           


find a pace program


about npa


about us


contact us


join npa


diversity, equity and inclusion


press room


news


honorees in the field


work at npa


advocate


30th anniversary of npa




quick links


go to member site


npa e-communities


pace learning center


npa career center


faqs




 





 
 select language 



english


español








pennsylvania residents




welcome, .
logout



member login







 







 


what is pace care?


pace services


eligibility requirements


testimonials


starting/expanding pace


resources for states


pace in your state


bringing pace to your state


administering pace




assessment tools


understanding the pace operating experience and critical success factors


pace financial planning tools


high-level pace® financial proforma




pace center development


map of potential pace-eligible populations




pace application process


sample pace staff competencies


state pace rfps




student resource center


understanding the pace model of care


pace history


bibliography of studies about pace




pace technical assistance centers (tacs)


npa career center 


npa conferences




 
    

an innovative care program for seniorsthe program of all-inclusive care for the elderly (pace) provides improved living and higher-quality outcomes for less cost.learn more



find a pace programthere are 179 pace programs serving more than 80,800 participants in 33 states and the district of columbia. find a pace program near you today!interactive map
work in pacepace organizations across the country are growing and creating new opportunities in the health care field. for current career opportunities click below.
                            search pace jobs
develop a pace programnpa offers numerous resources to assist providers with development or expansion of a pace program.learn about operating a pace program

















the pace model of care

the program of all-inclusive care for the elderly (pace) model of care is designed to help older adults remain in their home in the community for as long as possible. the pace model provides both medical and social services and is a welcome alternative to nursing home care for many older adults. an interdisciplinary health care team implements a comprehensive and individualized care plan to address the chronic health needs of participants and provides assistance for family caregivers.
                            





participants are atthe center of pace

                                
select an interdisciplinary team role to learn more


dietitian

driver
home care liaison
nurse
occupational therapist
pace center supervisor
personal care attendants
physical therapist
primary care provider
recreational therapist
social worker











 members and participants talk about pace







pace is a special program that has the potential to greatly reduce the health inequity in our rural communities. this is how health care should work.

 rob williams, sr.

 at orangeburg senior helping center












the pace program is excellent. any time anyone needs help, they are there, and the staff is so friendly and caring. oh, don't forget the food, so 
good. my counselor was also by my side during my grieving, and i am so 
grateful.

 belinda allen

 participant since 2006








more testimonials





before i found pacethe before i found pace series highlights the experiences of pace participants and family caregivers.bernadette jensen experienced homelessness for years before enrolling in st. paul’s pace in san diego. st. paul’s pace is part of people assisting the homeless (path), a coalition of organizations that address homelessness
                                in the city. jensen receives health care and other services from the pace program, which partnered with father joe’s villages to provide her with housing.
                            watch the full video
all videos



pace by the numbers94%live in the community 16trips per month 21,918meals served per day 95%of family caregivers would recommend pace


pace in the news  more pace in the news








podcast features interview with innovage chief medical officer rich feifer
posted on: feb 10,  2025

innovage chief medical officer rich feifer, md, appeared on the podcast bright spots in healthcare to discuss the program of all-inclusive care for the elderly (pace) model of care, innovations in home-based care, and focusing on patient goals.










blue ridge independence at home recognized for pace center design
posted on: feb 3,  2025

blue ridge independence at home won the top spot in the small footprint category of the 2024 senior housing news architecture and design awards for its pace center in winchester, va. the center design "conjures a more home-like than clinical atmosphere," reports senior housing news.










michigan pace programs work with medicaid to expand asset limits
posted on: feb 3,  2025

the michigan department of health and human services is proposing to change a policy that would raise the asset limit for medicaid qualifications. the increased funding for participants will take a huge burden off their shoulders, said sarah milanowski, manager of enrollment and marketing at life circles pace.






npa news npa news








federal grants available to support pace in rural communities
posted on: jan 27,  2025

washington, dc – jan. 27, 2025 — the national pace 
association (npa) is pleased to announce that the health resources &
 services administration (hrsa) has made available up to $2 million in 
federal grant funding for fiscal year (fy) 2025. this funding will 
support the expansion of pace into rural communities. the notice of funding opportunity, along with important pre-registration and application 
requirements, can be accessed on grants.gov. applications are due by 
april 17.










president biden signs bill increasing pace access to veterans
posted on: jan 3,  2025

washington, dc – jan. 2, 2025 – president biden today signed into law the senator elizabeth dole 21st century veterans healthcare and benefits improvement act (s. 141). the legislation gives veterans increased access to the program of all-inclusive care for the elderly (pace) across the nation, reported the national pace association (npa).  










npa applauds passage of bill providing veterans with increased access to pace
posted on: dec 16,  2024

washington, dc – dec. 16, 2024 – passage of the senator elizabeth dole 21st century veterans healthcare and benefits improvement act by the u.s. house of representatives will give veterans increased access to the program of all-inclusive care for the elderly (pace) across the nation, the national pace association (npa) stated today. npa urges president biden to sign the bill into law, noting that the legislation is a critical step in the ongoing effort to raise awareness and increase access to pace.






 upcoming events








register for the 2025 npa virtual winter conference
posted on: dec 4,  2024

the 2025 npa virtual winter conference will be held feb. 10-14. this online event will feature a mix of live and on-demand educational sessions, as well as networking opportunities.










2025 npa spring policy forum
posted on: jan 16,  2025

members of congress, federal agency officials and thought leaders will share their perspectives on policies and cross-cutting topics impacting both the pace model of care and the environment in which pace programs operate.










npa has a full calendar of upcoming events
posted on: aug 19,  2024

each year, the national pace association offers a spring policy forum, a summer conference, the npa annual conference in the fall and a virtual winter conference.





       






 
  



national pace association675 north washington street, suite 300 alexandria, virginia 22314 

    703.535.1565
  703.535.1566
   info@npaonline.org
visit us on

facebook


twitter


linkedin


youtube


instagram








npa information



about npa


contact us


join npa





pace information



find a pace program


start a program


pace in the news





policies



privacy


terms of use


antitrust


code of conduct


site map






 

the national pace association is a 501c3 organization. ein: 94-3212616 
   



 