

austin school of faux finishes



 



 



1 block south on fm 620 @ volente road

      austin, tx 78726austin school of faux finishes 
features   
interior productions
classes
italian venetian plaster 
& other imported italian materials


     the prosperity of 2019 brings good fortune to our wonderful faux finishers here in the greater austin area.  the 
weather is a little intense here in austin this summer, as i prepare
for the 2019  fall classes.  kansas city jazz still
inspires bright colors for our graduates.   this 
beautiful city certainly raises
to the eclectic vib of our growing downtown condo market.        our
amazing hill country views continue to attract both visitors and
retiree's from all over the world.  i so look
forward to another exciting fall season of creating beautiful wall art.
  i also want to thank you for your loyalty and
patronage through these many years.      and always remember that through god, we
create the beautiful art we have only imagined. i love you guys,
 lu






fine european plasters& ancient clays
512.413-9906
exquisite materials 

imported and shipped from 

new york, la, seattle, miami, 
london, milan,  & sicily




 our 2019 class scheduleis posted on the classes page.  call us   512-413-9906  to reserve your      place.    





















 

  our trip to italy a few years ago was amazing and will always inspire me. 
but more recently i've been drawn
to kansas city where my cousin, vanessa lacy has her gallery.  
the historic stockyards building is the perfect setting for her gallery
and her bright contemporary creations.  it's the very best setting
for great steak and a little amazing jazz.  
so, jazzy bright metallics are the theme for our new year against that
strong concrete base, classes for 2019 should certainly have a
"highrise" cutting edge to them.    look out for those faux art enthusiasts who no doubt
will create some vibrant faux here in the lower mid-west.
2019 promises warmth and sun as always.  all classes are scheduled for 5 days and include only
two students. please look at the classes page for more
information. austin school of faux
is enjoying the well tested italian line of firenze lime plasters,
and has chosen the internationally respected guerra line of pigments
out of new york.  they are
exquisite.thank you for your trust and support during our many
years of successful instruction with amazing products and the many
beautiful interior productions we've created.  i have always truly enjoyed each of you
and your energy to be artistic and make our world more exquisite. 
i continue on a jouney that dictates "we are each the ones we've been
waiting for".  so "go ahead" and create the good you have "imagined".  i am.

sincerely,  lu goodwin mark
 




the market


now more than ever decorative artists who hope to increase their client base, must respect their client's limits.  more
               importantly, they need a clear understanding of costs, a process
               flexible enough to adjust as the project evolves, and the creative
               know-how to do more with less. the question to be asking your client
               is, "how do we best spend the money you’ve budgeted?"
that
being said, we all noticed our lovely city and surrounding
areas prospering wildly.   so please brag about your
adventurous
creations that peak the imagination of austin's faux artists and
designer expectations alike.  fun times come upon us
again.   consequently, i'm teaching metallics and glazes with
some cutting edge surprises.  come have a look. 

our classes do run full with small classes of no more than two
               students at a time. choose a week
               and find the most exquisite interior wall coating products in the world. 
classes
classes
                are now held in our little studio/warehouse in west austin. our main class remains focused
                on the old world european finishes of mediterranean stucco, roman
                piazzo, french country, italian venetian plaster, marmorino, and a tuscany
                glaze with products from italy, england, and the america's. we
                also feature classes in metalics, glazes,
                and furniture & cabinet finishes.   all of our classes feature terms, tools and techniques allowing you to create sample boards of the highest quality and
                continue on to re-create these beautiful finishes for your home or for
                your client.   we are geared to insure the conveyance of
                clear information, hands-on expertise and a comfort level required by
                homeowners and career enthusiasts alike. you will receive the
                appropriate austin school of faux finishes class book, chocked full of
                quick reference material and ideas.  along with beautiful samples you
                create and a highly respected graduation certificate you are set to go. (see classes page)
products
for
the first time in austin, we have available for your purchase a new
line of firenze old world plasters out of orlando and the exquisite
line of guerra natural pigments.  we continue to feature modern
master paints, glazes, metalics,
european sealants and tools, polyvine
acrylic pigments, waxes & glazes, as well as excellent cheesecloth,
beads in
adhesive and baroque art metals.  (see products page)
give us a call soon...512-413-9906






 







copyright 2011©
                    austin school of faux finishes
                    all rights reserved
lugoodwin@swbell.net


 











