







the school of veterinary science - dr christopher. c. pollitt. bvsc. ph.d
























 

 


 


                                this site contains scientific information for 
                                veterinary students,
                                equine science students, horse owners 
                                and veterinarians alike.

                                search this website for peer reviewed scientific 
                                information about laminitis.
                                remember
good science
                                needs proper funding 
                                please help if you can.






 

prof 
                              chris pollitt  - 
                              director of the aelru  


 



                              veterinary medicine and sports betting
                              
veterinary science is a field of medicine dedicated to the health and wellbeing of animals, 
							especially domestic and wild animals. veterinary science covers a broad range of topics, including animal anatomy, 
							physiology, behavior, nutrition, reproduction, pharmacy and animal diseases. veterinarians diagnose and treat a wide variety of 
							animal illnesses, injuries and medical conditions. in addition to treating pet owners' animals, veterinarians also provide care 
							for wild animals through zoos and wildlife rehabilitation centers. veterinary science has many applications in sports betting 
							particularly in the context of  playabet login kenya . for example, blood tests help determine the fitness level of horses before 
							they enter races or are used for breeding purposes. additionally, physical examinations can reveal injuries that would impair
							performance or disqualify an animal from participating in an event.
                            
furthermore, veterinary medicine can provide insight into the nutritional needs of athletes so that 
							they can perform at their best on race day as well as assist with recovery after an event concludes. finally, veterinarians 
							are important members of any safety team that may be present at an equestrian event or race track. they ensure that rules are 
							followed and provide advice on injury prevention strategies for both human participants and their animals. additionally, 
							vets serve as liaisons between the participants' doctors and the race organizers to make sure everyone is safe during each 
							competition. ultimately, vet science plays a major role in ensuring fair competition while providing essential healthcare 
							services to keep all participants safe during each event. 
  





                              professor chris pollitt – bvsc (massey) phd (qld) 
                              
chris pollitt graduated bachelor 
                              of veterinary science from massey university, new 
                              zealand in 1968 and was a practising veterinary 
                              surgeon in new zealand, victoria, western australia 
                              and queensland until commencing phd studies in the 
                              physiology department of the university of queensland. 
                              his phd on the genetic variation of equine plasma 
                              proteins was awarded in 1984 the year that chris 
                              joined the school of veterinary science as the lecturer 
                              in equine medicine. he has developed an international 
                              reputation in the field of equine foot biology and 
                              disease pathogenesis principally because of his 
                              work on ‘laminitis' the most important disease of 
                              the horse's foot and the biggest killer of horses 
                              after colic. to generate a critical mass of research 
                              personnel dr pollitt, in 1996, created the australian 
                              equine laminitis research unit, which has become 
                              internationally competitive having attracted, in 
                              the last 8 years, over $2 million in research funding 
                              including a current $120,000 rural industries research 
                              and development corporation grant entitled “laminitis 
                              preventive and therapeutic strategies”. with the 
                              mission of "elucidating the mechanism 
                              of laminitis to make laminitis a preventable disease" 
                              the unit has become an international focus 
                              of laminitis and equine foot biology research. four 
                              post doctorate fellows have worked in the unit since 
                              1996. at present, dr pollitt is supervising/co-supervising 
                              7 phd mphil students and has previously successfully 
                              supervised 10 bvetbiol/mvsc/phd postgraduate students. 
                            
dr pollitt has 61 publications 
                            in international peer-reviewed journals and 71 conference 
                            proceedings. 
                            on invitation he has written chapters on equine lam 
                            initis in modern textbooks of equine medicine and 
                            lameness. his own textbook colour atlas of the horse's 
                            foot has been reprinted four times and has been published 
                            in german, japanese and spanish editions. in 2001 
                            he wrote the 110 page textbook “equine laminitis” 
                            published by the rirdc. in 2001, he was invited ed 
                            to give a prestigious 4 hour master class on equine 
                            laminitis at the british equine veterinary association 
                            annual scientific meeting and repeated this performance 
                            for the american association of equine practitioners 
                            congress in 2003. he has enthusiastically promoted 
                            the name of the university of queensland and its school 
                            of veterinary science in the 15 countries where, on 
                            invitation, he has presented his equine laminitis 
                            research findings. he is a foundation member of the 
                            organizing committee of the biannual international 
                            equine conference on laminitis and diseases of the 
                            foot. in 1997 chris was inducted into american farriers 
                            international hall of fame for his contributions to 
                            education on the horse's foot. in 1997 he received 
                            the rirdc-vetsearch equine research award as equine 
                            researcher of the year for laminitis studies and in 
                            2003 received the pfizer scientific award. 
  





all articles 
                                are in adobe acrobat format. please click on the 
                                text tobe taken to the article. 

                                if you don't have adobe acrobat reader installed 
                                on
                                your computer please 
                                click here to 
                                download a free copy. 

laminitis 
                                research at the australian equine laminitis research
                                unit - part 1

laminitis 
                                research at the australian equine laminitis research
                                unit - part 2 














 
 




 





  



