




colorspizza_wp – handmade pizza crusts – colors gourmet pizza















































619-718-9532











home
about us

about us
colors history


our pizza products

handmade pizza crusts
colors gourmet pizza
retail pizza products
pizza dough balls


learn more

distributors of fine foods
join our customers

local delivery areas
national distributors
no one has to know!




pizza tips

baking instructions
colors pizza cafe suggestions
pizza dough balls procedure


products
contact
 






✕














"the art of the chef, the labor of the hands,and the passion to please those who choose the best"
since 1991, colors gourmet pizza has provided the finest pizza products to its growing family of customers and is known nationally for the consistently high quality of its pizza crusts, flatbreads, dough balls, and retail pizzas. all our products are handmade by our skilled team of artisans.
chefs use colors' handmade pizza products to create outstanding pizzas for restaurants, bars, room service, banquets, and other non-traditional pizza environments. customers include hotels, restaurants, casinos, convention centers, theme venues, and other demanding foodservice operators.
the range of colors' pizza styles accommodates all types of pizza requests, from the simplest kid's menu to the most upscale room service menu.
for expert advice, please call us at 760-597-1400 to talk about your kitchen, your customers, and how colors can help make a good pizza experience great.
"all of us at colors work as a team to make the highest quality pizza products, deliver them on time, and help make sure our customers' guests are satisfied. we thank our customers for selecting us as their pizza partners. we are so proud to be an extension of your kitchen."
about ussince 1991, colors gourmet pizza has provided the finest pizza products to its growing family of customers and is known nationally for the consistently high quality of its pizza crusts, flatbreads, dough balls, and retail pizzas. all our products are handmade by our skilled team of artisans.read more

colors gourmet pizzachefs use colors' handmade pizza products to create outstanding pizzas for restaurants, bars, room service, banquets, and other non-traditional pizza environments. customers include hotels, restaurants, casinos, grocery stores, convention centers, theme venues, and other demanding foodservice operators. read more

colors distributor of fine foodscolors distributor of fine foods selects the finest products from a range of sources and delivers them to customers in san diego, los angeles, and orange counties. we have chosen items that complement our passion for excellence and customer satisfaction.read more


contact us









 





2349 la mirada drive, vista, ca 92081-7863760-597-1400www.colorspizza.com




 









 your name
 

 your email
 

 event date (optional)
 

 your message
 


























                colors gourmet pizza © 2024 | all rights reserved |  
  






























