



  




welcome to the society of ethnobiology | society of ethnobiology
















































society of ethnobiology

 









 



 contact us












donate
  
become a member 



member login 










abouthomeabout the societyabout the society of ethnobiologysoe purpose and missionsociety structure & bylawsorganizational structuresociety by-lawsarticles of incorporationstanding committeescurrent board of directorsabout our logoabout ethnobiologyabout ethnobiologywhat is ethnobiology?who are ethnobiologists?in memory of steven weberdr. justin m. nolan, in memoriamindigenous resourcesmembershipmembership benefitsjoin or renewpublicationsabout society publicationsjournal of ethnobiologyabout the journalcurrent issuespecial issues/sectionsback issueseditorial teamethnobiology letterscontributions in ethnobiologyabout the seriesall titlesforage!author guidelineseditorial teammanuscript editingconference2025 soe conferenceaboutconference logoabstract submissionregistrationawards & waiverssessionsoverview scheduleprogramwed workshopssat field tripsstudentstrip planningaccommodationstransportationchildcarediningfor presentersvirtual participationpast conferencesconference abstractsconference photo galleriesconference video galleriesconference podcasts2014 podcasts2013 podcastsawards & fellowshipsabout society awardsnew! grants-in-aid of field researchdistinguished ethnobiologist awardundergraduate ethnobiologist awardbarbara lawrence awardgraduate ethnobiology research fellowshipsfellowship detailsgraduate fellowship recipientsmentor awardbest poster awardconference travel awards & waiversrapid assistance fund for indigenous communities & individuals in needearly career award in ethnobiologycitation for distinguished servicenew! communities and ethnobiology grantethics & advocacyethicsconductadvocacydecolonizing ethnobiologynewsethnobiology announcementssociety of ethnobiology newsletterseducationdistinguished speaker series recordingsethnobiology educationethnobiology lesson planscontributions volume on human ecology educationcourse syllabibecome a mentor—find a mentor!mediavideosconference video galleriesour mentors speak videosaudiophotoscreative corner
abouthomeabout the societyabout the society of ethnobiologysoe purpose and missionsociety structure & bylawsorganizational structuresociety by-lawsarticles of incorporationstanding committeescurrent board of directorsabout our logoabout ethnobiologyabout ethnobiologywhat is ethnobiology?who are ethnobiologists?in memory of steven weberdr. justin m. nolan, in memoriamindigenous resourcesmembershipmembership benefitsjoin or renewpublicationsabout society publicationsjournal of ethnobiologyabout the journalcurrent issuespecial issues/sectionsback issueseditorial teamethnobiology letterscontributions in ethnobiologyabout the seriesall titleshand papermaking traditions of việt nambecoming a researcher: making the transition to graduate school, revised editionthe aztec fascination with birds: deciphering 16th-century sources in náhuatlthe aztec fascination with birds: digital collectioneffective approaches to  human ecology educationethnozoology of egede’s “most dreadful monster,” the foundational sea serpentsahnish (arikara) ethnobotanyainu ethnobiologybecoming a researcher: making the transition to graduate school, by steve wolvertonsmall things forgotten: artifacts of fishing in the petén lakes region, guatemalasecwepemc people and plants: research papers in shuswap ethnobotanysprouting valleyexplorations in ethnobiologyforage!author guidelineseditorial teammanuscript editingconference2025 soe conferenceaboutconference logoabstract submissionregistrationawards & waiverssessionsoverview scheduleprogramwed workshopssat field tripsstudentstrip planningaccommodationstransportationchildcarediningfor presentersvirtual participationpast conferencesconference abstractsconference photo galleriesconference video galleriesconference podcasts2014 podcasts2013 podcastsawards & fellowshipsabout society awardsnew! grants-in-aid of field researchdistinguished ethnobiologist awardundergraduate ethnobiologist awardbarbara lawrence awardbarbara lawrence award detailsabout barbara lawrencebarbara lawrence bibliographybla recipientsgraduate ethnobiology research fellowshipsfellowship detailsgraduate fellowship recipientsmentor awardbest poster awardconference travel awards & waiversindigenous peoples' conference travel awardmajority world conference travel awardstudent conference travel awardannual conference fee waiversrapid assistance fund for indigenous communities & individuals in needearly career award in ethnobiologycitation for distinguished servicenew! communities and ethnobiology grantethics & advocacyethicscode of ethicsconductcode of conductadvocacydecolonizing ethnobiologybooksmovies and showspodcastsallyshiparticlesnewsethnobiology announcementssociety of ethnobiology newsletterseducationdistinguished speaker series recordingsethnobiology educationethnobiology lesson planscontributions volume on human ecology educationcourse syllabibecome a mentor—find a mentor!mediavideosconference video galleriesour mentors speak videosaudioour mentors speak audioconference podcasts2014 podcasts2013 podcastsphotosconference photo galleriescreative corner 













































                        society of ethnobiology              

welcome,
we are a non-profit organization of scholars, activists and communities promoting and supporting the interdisciplinary study of past and present relationships between peoples and the environment.
ethnobiology is the scientific study of dynamic relationships among people, biota, and environments. the society of ethnobiology gathers and disseminates knowledge of ethnobiology and fosters ongoing appreciation for the richness of ethnobiology worldwide.sample the website for a taste of the diversity of ethnobiological research and learn about the rich relationships between people and their biological worlds. 










our organization










explore our publications























new issue out now!2024 volume 44, number 3 








explore our special sections like fire ecology, climate change, pastoralism, and more!   click here 













a gold open access, fully online, peer reviewed journal for publication of short communications. volume 15 out now.  click here 








a peer-reviewed monograph series featuring
interdisciplinary ethnobiology research  click here 








engage with us on our forage! blog  the forage! blog is a space for sharing the stories and knowledge of our society and the ethnobiology community.  our members share lessons from their work, reflect on current events, and use ethnobiology to engage with our changing world.  click here to learn more 






meet us at our annual conference  -  may 21–24, 2025, university of nevada, reno at lake tahoe

 the annual ethnobiology conference brings together people from an extraordinarily rich variety of backgrounds, disciplines, and geographic locations, all seeking to understand the myriad interactions of human cultures with plants and animals, past and present, worldwide. it attracts academics, students, museum staff, government and non-governmental agency personnel, interested laypeople, and native/indigenous community members. learn more our mentors speak videos & audiointeract with our society's knowledgeable elders and mentors.learn more podcastslisten to podcasts from past conferences on all topics from ethnobiology learn more membershipdiscover the benefits of becoming a member of the society of ethnobiologylearn more awards & fundinginformation about conference awards & fundinglearn more  






online & print membershipsonline membershipsstarting at:$35join/renew*membership term: 1 year from date of purchaseprint membershipsstarting at:$160join/renew*membership term: 1 year from date of purchaseincludes printed copy of journal of ethnobiology  








election links

2025 election ballot2025 candidate bios 
 














latest announcements 

 


19
feb

2024 distinguished ethnobiologist: dr. harriet v. kuhnlein
 we are pleased to announce that the 2024 distinguished ethnobiologist is dr. harriet kuhnlein. please join us in st. louis to celebrate her outst...  read more 

 


06
feb

2023 distinguished ethnobiologist: dr. william balée
 this year, the society of ethnobiology’s highest recognition of lifetime achievement, the distinguished ethnobiologist award, has been awarded to dr...  read more 

 


04
jun

in solidarity with black society members and black lives matter
 dear society of ethnobiology members,the society of ethnobiology unequivocally supports black lives matter, both in the united states and around the w...  read more 

 


10
apr

distinguished ethnobiologist awardee: dr. deborah m. pearsall 
 it is with true excitement that we announce this year's distinguished ethnobiologist awardee: dr. deborah m. pearsall! ...  read more 

   


09
may

general membership meeting reports and handouts
 the general membership meeting of the society of ethnobiology is being held on friday, may 10 from 4:00-5:30 in geography 100. due to the limited amou...  read more 

 


30
mar

special section call for papers: wild meat in changing times 
 more about our special journal issues/sections can be found here ...  read more 

 


19
oct

special session for applied (non-academic) ethnobiology and ethnobotany scholars and practitioners
 submitted by trish flaster tflkastersprint@earthlink.netthe first annual networking social for applied (non-academic) ethnobiology and ethnobotany sch...  read more 

 


14
sep

shop with amazon smile and give back to the society
 amazonsmile is a new fundraising mechanism for the society of ethnobiology. when you shop with amazonsmile and choose the society of ethnobiology as y...  read more 

   


03
aug

congratulations dr. robbie hart, winner of a bioone ambassador award!
 announcing dr. robbie hart as a bioone ambassador award winnerdr. robbie hart is a winner of the 2018 bioone ambassador award! dr. hart is a mem...  read more 

 


02
jul

dr. gail wagner receives the 2018 distinguished ethnobiologist award
 the awards committee is proud to present the 2018 distinguished ethnobiologist award to gail wagner of the university of south carolina. ...  read more 

 


18
jun

undergraduate ethnobiologist award winner for 2018
 chlöe fackler  is the winner of the 2018 undergraduate ethnobiologist award. chlöe is an undergraduate student at mcgill university, studying envi...  read more 

 


30
apr

soe allies with the global campaign for the empowerment of indigenous women for zero hunger
 the society of ethnobiology is excited to join the global campaign for the empowerment of indigenous women for zero hunger. we agree with the campaign...  read more 

 







 






get in touch






soe student listserv

soe now has a student listserv. sign up and spread the word!subscribe 









contact us

address: boston university, archaeology room 345, 675 commonwealth ave., boston, ma 02215webmaster: webmaster@ethnobiology.org 








follow us

   







 


