










the trail center – non-profit, all-volunteer trail building and maintenance in the san francisco bay area





























































skip to content








the trail center
non-profit, all-volunteer trail building and maintenance in the san francisco bay area



primary menu
menu




search for:



 


about

mission
volunteer leaders
local trail map resources


volunteer
events

upcoming events
project locations
work day reports
past events


join/donate
news

recent updates
newsletter archive
photo albums




search for:











home



support the trail center with your membership or donation
the trail center and its volunteers give back to the land much needed care and maintenance of trails. trail work is the perfect blend of community service, outdoor awareness, conservation, physical exercise and camaraderie set in places of natural beauty. join us at an upcoming event. no experience or special skills are required.







 
saturday february 8th, 2025 - edgewood park







 
saturday march 15th, 2025 - sanborn county park







recent & upcoming events:



saturday december 7th
hidden villa
photos


saturday january 11th
portola valley
photos


saturday february 8th
edgewood park
information| volunteer


saturday march 15th
sanborn county park
information| volunteer


saturday april 26th
san pedro valley park
information| volunteer


saturday may 17th
tbd
information| volunteer


saturday june 7th
tbd
information| volunteer



our complete events roster is also available.
join our mailing list:
the trail center workday announcement and the trail center news & events newsletter are sent out in advance of each trail work event (usually monthly), and at other times as needed. both include detailed information on the upcoming trail work event. the newsletter also includes a schedule of future trail work events and selected park and trail news. you may sign up by clicking the link below.
subscribe to the trail center mailing list

privacy notice: we do not trade or sell our mailing list. you may cancel your subscription at any time using the unsubscribe link included at the end of each newsletter.
coronavirus response update as of august 1, 2022:
- we request that anyone experiencing covid symptoms leading up to or the morning of a workday stay home.
- we expect that for the safety of our crews all eligible volunteers be fully vaccinated.
- given the dynamics of the pandemic, we will notify volunteers of any adjustments to these
policies via our regular workday communications from our volunteer coordinator.
- in addition, we sometimes will ask volunteers to comply with additional requirements from our
partner park and open space agencies.
 







main sidebar

now on our facebook page: 

now on our facebook page:

our partners san mateo county parks
california state parks
bay area ridge trail council
pacific crest trail association
city of san jose parks
golden gate national recreation area
city of san mateo parks
sutro stewards
santa clara county parks




@thetrailcenter on twitter:my tweets

 


footer content






 (c) 2017 the trail center. please contact the web manager for corrections or comments.



•

		
		using tiny framework •
 log in






		advanced features of this website require that you enable javascript in your browser. thank you!	
























