



the escape to reality















 

the escape to reality
 


 








 
 


 


i don't think i even know the half of what reality is...
i'd like to keep it that way.
 


 




 



 
 


 



my other blogs
my pictures
my xanga adventure!

friends
combatdan
sicanorse
awesomeamber
inferventpursuit

favorites
switchfoot
supertones
homestar runner
purple door 2004
pictures from supertones concert (i'm in the bottom one!)
 my schools
word of life bible institute


required links




e-mail addy saturnsring@hotmail.com

            
 



 





 
 


 


segunda-feira, fevereiro 16, 2004

 
i really like this song called "word of god speak" by mercyme: i'm finding myself at a loss for words and the funny thing is it's okay the last thing i need is to be heard but to hear what you would say  word of god speak would you pour down like rain washing my eyes to see your majesty to be still and know that you're in this place please let me stay and rest in your holiness word of god speak  i'm finding myself in the midst of you beyond the music, beyond the noise all that i need is to be with you and in the quiet hear your voice  i'm finding myself at a loss for words and the funny thing is it's okay   mondays are the worst days ever, it's like some divine thing that they are not the best...why is this?  i really try not to have a bad attitude, but today left me face down in the post-snow mud.  i learned a lesson today--somebody is always watching.  i would go into more detail but i don't want to be ridiculously vague. 
- samantha, 2/16/2004

quinta-feira, fevereiro 12, 2004

 
resorting to songs..."let that be enough" another switchfoot classic wish i had what i needed to be on my own cause i feel so defeated and i’m feeling alone and it all seems so helpless and i have no plans i’m a plane in the sunset with no where to land  and all i see it could never make me happy and all my sandcastles spend their time collapsing  let me know that you hear me let me know your touch let me know that you love me let that be enough   it’s my birthday tomorrow no one here could know i was born this thursday twenty-two years ago and i feel stuck watching history repeating oh am i just a kid who knows he’s needy?  let me know that you hear me let me know your touch let me know that you love me let that be enough    more to come...    
- samantha, 2/12/2004

segunda-feira, fevereiro 02, 2004

 
verse of the day: serve the lord with fear,and rejoice with trembling. psalm 2:11 
- samantha, 2/02/2004

quinta-feira, janeiro 29, 2004

 
cool website  quoteable quotes from abc's own dr. reiter: common sense is not altogether common...some people dont get it. it is better to be untited by truth than to be divided by error. live now as you  wish you would of at the judgment seat of christ. between your ears is the greatest temptation.  more to come...  
- samantha, 1/29/2004

quarta-feira, janeiro 28, 2004

 
been thinking about...compartmentalizing definition: to separate into isolated compartments or categories i've been thinking about this in relation to my life and how i put god in a box.  i let god be involved in certain areas, but then other areas are mine and i let god have no say.  i'm "super christian" one minute and then totally apathetic the next--, there's no real balance.  i just want to be real and let god reign in every aspect of my life.  like, i know when i'm ignoring him and i know what i'm doing is sin or just not taking the higher road, but it's fun and i always do it and i'm not hurting anyone, but i'm hurting myself because i'm being hypercritical!  i have selective spiritual sensitivity.  i'm trying to think of verses that talk about compartmentalizing, but i can't at the moment.  here's one that kind of goes along with it... for the good that i will to do, i do not do; but the evil i will not to do, that i practice. romans 7:19 i know i'm not the only one like this, am i?   
- samantha, 1/28/2004

terça-feira, janeiro 27, 2004

 
took this lil brain quiz: http://mindmedia.com/brainworks/first-paragraph.jsphere are my results:auditory : 46%visual : 53%left : 52%right : 47% *a good bit of this is true and i've highlighted the part that i think are right on*  samantha, you exhibit an even balance between left- and right- hemisphere dominance and a slight preference for visual over auditory processing. with a score this balanced, it is likely that you would have slightly different results each time you complete this self-assessment quiz.  you are a well-rounded person, distinctly individualistic and artistic, an active and multidimensional learner. at the same time, you are logical and disciplined, can operate well within an organization, and are sensitive towards others without losing objectivity. you are organized and goal-directed. although a "thinking" individual, you "take in" entire situations readily and can act on intuition.  you sometimes tend to vacillate in your learning styles. learning might take you longer than someone of equal intellect, but you will tend to be more thorough and retain the material longer than those other individuals. you will alternate between logic and impulse. this vacillation will not normally be intentional or deliberate, so you may experience anxiety in situations where you are not certain which aspect of yourself will be called on.  with a slight preference for visual processing, you tend to be encompassing in your perceptions, process along multidimensional paths and be active in your attacking of situations or learning.  overall, you should feel content with your life and yourself. you are, perhaps, a little too critical of yourself -- and of others -- while maintaining an "openness" which tempers that tendency. indecisiveness is a problem and your creativity may not be in keeping with your potential. being a pragmatist, you downplay this aspect of yourself and focus on the more immediate, obvious and the more functional. *the last sentence in bold i think is funny and i know that someone else will readily agree with!  
- samantha, 1/27/2004


 
what i learned in marriage and family counseling today:*  one of a parent's goals is to be your child's best friend.*  you got into marriage without a parachute, meaning there's now way out, you're committed to the end.   
- samantha, 1/27/2004

domingo, janeiro 25, 2004

 
currently reading marriage takes more than love by jack and carole mayhall i am reading this for my marriage and family counseling class because normally i wouldn't read something about marriage just for my own leisurely reading, but this is a pretty good book. it emphasizes the importance of communication and how men and women do communicate in very different ways and at different levels.  also, a lot of biblical truth is presented which is applicable to everyone, not just married people.  but i would highly recommend to married couples. in the chapter called "choosing to be open," they quoted a passage from john powell's book why am i afraid to tell you who i am? and i thought it was an interesting to approach people, especially those we think we know best:  "my person is not a little hard core inside of me, a little fully-formed statue that is real and authentic, permanent and fixed; person rather implies a dynamic process. in other words, if you knew me yesterday, please do not think that it is the same person that you are meeting today. i have experienced more of life. i have encountered new depths in those i love, i have suffered and prayed, and i am different. . . . approach me, then, with a sense of wonder, study my face and hands and voice for signs of change; for it is certain that i have changed."   i like the part that says "approach me, then, with a sense of wonder" just because that is how i want to seen--vibrant, different, ever-changing (for the better!), growing in god--but do i see others like that, probably not.  i get bored easily and then want to see what else and who else is out there, but if i would spend time getting to know people--i mean really knowing them--wow i just wonder what i could learn--how would they impact my life?  but, that's hard for me, i'm a "social butterfly" and want to know everyone on a superficial level, rather than just a few people on a deeper level.  so...it leaves me thinking...pondering... dr. a says, "learn from other's mistakes--you won't have time to make them all yourself." what do you think? e-mail me or maybe post something here    
- samantha, 1/25/2004




 
 


 





 
 


 


archives
november 2003
december2003
january 2004
february 2004




 




 




home  |  archives
 

 







