



bmi cad, electro-mechanical job shop


















services
bmibay
about
contact









a full service electro-mechanical job shop specializing
					 in design, prototyping, and manufacturing








our services
bmicad is your one stop shop for projects, offering innovative 
							electro-mechanical design services based on a design for 
							manufacture (dfm) approach. this includes completely integrated 
							mechanical and electrical analysis and thermal stress/strain 
							finite element analysis (fea). for a single component or a complex 
							system assembly, this approach allows detailed documentation and analysis of the design.






design

we follow design for manufacturing (dfm) guidelines utilizing autocad and solidworks to produce a 3-d image of the final product, turning your concept into a reality.






cnc machining

our advanced cnc machining capabilities deliver precise, high-quality parts with exceptional accuracy and efficiency, ensuring your projects meet the highest standards with consistent, repeatable results.






3d printing

the several 3d printers at our disposal allow us to bring your ideas to life. with a 14" x 10" x 8" build area, we can transform your 2d image into a 3d, usable part.






laser marking

with our 60w yag (yttrium aluminum garnet) laser, which etches images or logos onto your product, any material can be marked.






milling

manual and cnc milling/turning is performed using a 4-axis vertical mill, lathe mill, or cnc lathe. we offer advanced threading and tapping, to a resolution of +- .0001"






welding

tig, mig, and erw welding services are available upon request.








bmi bay
currently unavailable






about us
founded in 1990, bmi cad has adopted a 'can do' 
							philosophy and attitude leading to an atmosphere of creativity, 
							flexibility and opportunity. this environment is conducive to both our 
							customers and our employees by producing high quality innovative 
							products as well as pride in their work.
located in simsbury connecticut, our 12,000+ square foot facility 
							includes state-of-the-art design and production equipment enabling 
							us to interface with many types of cad, cam, and cae systems 
							including autocad, solidworks, pro-e and mastercam with our 
							customized cad system.





contact us




address

								8a herman drive 
								simsbury, ct 06070-0522 


phone
 (860) 658-0808 


email
 sales@bmicad.com 



































bmicad services, inc.
8a herman drive, pob 522 
							simsbury, ct 06070-0522 
							phone - (860) 658-0808 
							email - sales@bmicad.com


certifications

iso 9001:2015




credits
 cnc icon by iconcheese from noun project (cc by 3.0) 
								welder icon by anwar hossain from noun project (cc by 3.0) 
								laser icon by i putu dicky adi pranatha from noun project (cc by 3.0) 
								design icon by dewi tresnasih from noun project (cc by 3.0) 
								milling icon by iconcheese from noun project (cc by 3.0) 
								3d icon printing by n.style from noun project (cc by 3.0)
							


follow us


	facebook
	instagram
	linkedin





						© bmi cad services, inc. 2024
					










