



  












old deerfield craft fairs - home















































old deerfield craft fairs









home 


fall 





fall main 


online map 







holiday  


spring 


apply 





forms 


maps of show floors 


hotels 







about





deerfield craft fairs 


pvma 







contacts 
















								 
							

								 
							

								 
							





search deerfield-craft.org


search ...  search 




























the 26th annual old deerfield craft fairs spring samplerwill happen
march 1 & 2, 2025

held inside the young building
at the eastern states expoin w. springfield, ma


photos of the 2024 holiday samplercourtesy the springfield republican / masslive.com
 


























































































































debbie roberts, of south hadley, looks over little girl totes by child play time at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


brandon roberts of maple birch studios adjusts the hands on a clock at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


donna grande, right, and adrien raffia, both of enfield, look over cutting boards by one of a find woodworks while owner, paul jurries, looks on at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


aurora walker, 9, of agawam, holds a stuffed kitty from catastic crafts by kaity at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


a variety of vinegars from seven barrels olive oils & aged italian balsamics on display at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


pamila satchfield of lakefall arts adjusts some wind chimes at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


beth quirk, of springfield, looks at a stuffed mouse by handmade bears by kathy martin at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


nan hurlburt, of tangled vine jewelry, smiles from benind a display of earrings at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


claire hotchkins, of pittsfield, checks out stuffied bunnies at sassafras hill primitives at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


judy remillard of buster's bark hands out free samples at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


kylie spice, 16, of ne woodworkz, shows off some custom pens at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


birdhouses by birdhouse accents on display at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


customers look over walking sticks by ms. sticks at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


customers line up outside the young building at eastern states exposition for the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


nancy devanney, of wethersfield, connecticut, checks out jewelry at squirrel-eze at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


sandi labbadia, of windsor, connecticut, looks over lanterns by lakefall arts at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


alison cargill, left, of alison designs chats with customers at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


artist cheryl normandie, right, chats with customer terry rzewnicki, of chicopee, at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


jennifer falanga of shanes forever files adjusts her display at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


an old propane tank becomes a flying pig at repurpose me at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


tod smith of tod smith artwork shows off a welded trivet at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


customers check out materials available at lorraine's crafts at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


carol calabro, right, of riverbend cards makes a sale at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


pauline lampert, right, of country snowmen and friends makes a sale at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


karen moore of moore merry toys holds a sign in her "man cave" at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


tina bozza of saltbox seasonings helps customers at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


sandra dondero, right, of dondero orchards helps customers at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


cindy moore, left, and donna wacker, both of berlin, connecticut, look over material by handmade by g!g! at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


maureen abdullah of m&m links adjusts her earrings display at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


nancy eslesperance, of east granby, connecticut, and christine eslesperance, of belchertown, look over leather handbags for sale at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


carol, left, and alyssa barcomb, of southampton, look over designs by green mountain glass at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


crowds of shoppers fill the young building at eastern states exposition at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


yergeniya karron, left, of fashionpurse.com helps customer pat presser, of sudbury, at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


mary anne sarafin, of shutesbury, checks out prints by compass rose images at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)


leonard eldridge of endless rainbow gems chats with a customer at the old deerfield spring sampler craft fair at eastern states exposition on saturday. (steven e. nanton photo)

















































follow us on facebook to enter to win free tickets and shopping certificates. 
spring samplermarch 1 & 2, 2025indoor showat ese in w. springfield
fall festivalseptember 20 & 21, 2025outdoor showin old deerfield
holiday samplernovember 15 & 16, 2025indoor showat ese in w. springfield










apply











about


download the 2025 application










contact






the old deerfield craft fairs offer three annual events.
the fall festival is held in deerfield, ma and the holiday and spring samplers are held at the eastern states expo. in west springfield, ma.
the old deerfield craft fairs are organized to benefit the pocumtuck valley memorial association, a non-profit dedicated to the preservation of crafts and the history of our surrounding deerfield area.








































close


previous
next


loading...







loading...




loading...



