




















city of san marcos, tx | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














    government      departments      services      community  


 

 

 

 



 
















 
 
 

 












search







 
 
 




 

















how should cdbg funding be used over the next five years?
take the cdbg grant funding priorities survey by february 28









enrollment is open for the 2025 citizen police academy
learn more about how to get involved





















						1
						""




						2
						san marcos police department








  
 
 

























 














contact usmore contact info








careersview current openings










 
 














alert signupstay informed








community resourceslet us help you










 
 














pay billspay and report online








open records requestview current documents










 
 
 



 










      





 
 
 




 














how can i?
 






  
 




 live
 work
 connect
 experience




 live














paying your utility bill



adopt an animal



smtx connect (report an issue)







residential curbside services



community resources



municipal court citation payments







outage map



passport applications



household hazardous waste drop-off









/quicklinks.aspx





 work














career opportunities



pre-development meeting signup



permit center







codes and ordinances



business grants and incentives



online bidding system







apply for an event permit



file a police report



downtown business resources









/quicklinks.aspx





 connect














city departments



community crime map



police services







fire services



city council



agenda center







boards and commissions



birth and death records



volunteer









/quicklinks.aspx





 experience














san marcos river



natural areas and trails



facility rentals







downtown san marcos



san marcos attractions



get around downtown (free shuttle)







san marcos activity center



library programs



parking permits, rules, and citations









/quicklinks.aspx







 
 
 







 














stay connectedkeep up to date with us
 






  
 
 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




 
 
 
 
 
 
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 












tue, feb. 18  

san marcos city council work session



tue, feb. 18  

san marcos city council regular meeting



wed, feb. 19  

public open house meetings

parks and recreation will host multiple public open house meetings for community members to provide ...		





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 















san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. fees for ready-to-go pets are $22 including spay/neuter, vet exam, vaccinations, and microchip.						read on...







suspect arrested in connection to san marcos homicide, victim identified 


initial information led investigators to the suspect, identified as 47-year-old juan manuel yanez. detectives linked yanez to the phone number used during the 911 call.						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. fees for ready-to-go pets are $22 including spay/neuter, vet exam, vaccinations, and microchip.						read on...







city seeks community advice on how to spend federal grant 


the city of san marcos seeks community feedback on the types of programs and projects that should be funded using the city’s community development block grant (cdbg) funds.						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. adoption fees for ready-to-go pets are $22. visit in or online at www.sanmarcostx.gov/adopt.						read on...







city manager stephanie reyes earns prestigious credentialed manager designation 


reyes is among an elite group of more than 1,300 local government management professionals currently credentialed through the icma voluntary credentialing program....						read on...







san marcos earns bird city texas designation for conservation efforts 


the texas parks and wildlife department (tpwd) and audubon texas, have designated san marcos as a bird city texas community. this prestigious certification...						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. adoption fees for ready-to-go pets are $22. visit in or online at www.sanmarcostx.gov/adopt.						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. adoption fees for ready-to-go pets are $22. visit in or online at www.sanmarcostx.gov/adopt.						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. adoption fees for ready-to-go pets are $22.  visit in or online at www.sanmarcostx.gov/adopt.						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. adoption fees for ready-to-go pets are $22 (includes spay/neuter, vet exam, etc).						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. adoption fees for ready-to-go pets are $22 (includes spay/neuter, vet exam, etc).						read on...







suspect in hoax call targeting san marcos high school arrested in washington 


the juvenile was arrested in whitman county, wa and faces charges of terroristic threat and false alarm/report for the hoax call regarding san marcos high school.						read on...







city seeks volunteers to serve on charter review commission, various boards and commissions 


the city of san marcos is looking for volunteers to be part of the charter review commission, and residents interested in filling vacancies on city boards and commissions.						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. adoption fees for ready-to-go pets are $22 (includes spay/neuter, vet exam, etc).						read on...







community encouraged to complete transit study survey, help shape transit service in san marcos 


the city of san marcos, in partnership with texas state university, is conducting a survey to study the san marcos transportation system.						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. adoption fees for ready-to-go pets are $22 (includes spay/neuter, vet exam, vaccinations, etc).						read on...







san marcos regional animal shelter pets of the week 


both pets are available for adoption at the san marcos regional shelter. adoption fees for ready-to-go pets are $22 (includes spay/neuter, vet exam, etc).						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





ad valorem tax information (fy 2025)october 1, 2024 to september 30, 2025. the ad valorem tax rate is 60.30 cents.the city of san marcos adopted a tax rate that will raise more taxes for maintenance and operations than last year’s tax rate. the tax rate will effectively by raised by 0.02 percent and will raise taxes for maintenance and operations on a $100,000 home by approximately $0.09



 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







630 e hopkins


san marcos, tx 78666


phone: 512-393-8000


fax: 855-246-9100


electric emergency: 512-393-8313


water/wastewater emergency: 512-393-8010
 






  
 










government websites by civicplus®




 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



contact us



accessibility



privacy



copyright notices



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







quick links







employee portal



boards & commissions



city council



council message board



videos



interactive agendas 



cdbg mitigation action plan









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









