






home













































skip to content











join / renew 










menu


home
about

overview
commercial
consumer
officers & representatives
past presidents
the mannes memorial award
membership list
bylaws


events
announcements
case reports
resources

educational material
manuals
bankruptcy court
u.s. trustee
links


contact us











 



 
















welcome









welcome to the maryland bankruptcy bar association. if you are an attorney who wishes to become a member of the maryland bankruptcy bar association, click the join or become a member buttons.
** please note that dues increased this year to $195 for general attorney members and $125 for government attorneys and attorneys with less than 3 years’ experience.









join











renew






















2024-2025 officers and directors of the bankruptcy bar association for the district of maryland


president:
david g. sommer


president elect:
justin p. fasano


secretary:
bradley j. swallow


assistant secretary:
marguerite l. devoll


treasurer:
laura s. bouyea


assistant treasurer:
augustus t. curtis


joint events chair
dennis j. shaffer


chapter events chair:
l. jeanette rice


chapter events assistant chair:
angela l. shortall


at-large director - baltimore:
jessica duvall


at-large director - greenbelt:
john c. schropp


immediate past president:
brian a. tucci



 

















the maryland bankruptcy bar association






the maryland bankruptcy bar association ("mbba") established in 1988 is the premier organization in the state of maryland for attorneys in the practice of bankruptcy, insolvency, and restructuring. the mbba is committed to promoting excellence in the practice of law and the administration of justice through service, education, advocacy, and collegiality for the benefit of the profession and the community.







learn more























officers
click here to view our full list of officers and chapter representatives for the maryland bankruptcy bar association.

















david sommerpresident
 

















justin fasanopresident elect
 

















bradley j. swallowsecretary
 











 









articles








case studies











articles & case studies







in addition to supplying members with up-to-date articles and new posts, the bankruptcy bar association recently asked some of its members to serve as case reporters to make the membership aware of new bankruptcy court decisions from our district. the mbba wants to publish original articles written by members about aspects of bankruptcy law, practice and procedure. interested? contact angela shortall or 410-783-6385 or ashortall@3cubed-as.com. please review our guidelines for submission and publication agreement here.




















resources



















educational materialin this section you will find written articles, case reports, outlines, and course materials from our continuing legal education seminars.
view all 

















manualswithin our manuals resources section you will find manuals prepared by members of the mbba that outline best practices and procedures relevant to our jurisdiction.
view all 

















bankruptcy courta wealth of information can be found on the united states bankruptcy court for the district of maryland’s website, including electronic case filing, local rules and opinions.
view all 






















u.s. trusteesour u.s. trustees resources section contains helpful information and links.
view all 




















linksthe mbba has compiled a library of legal links that members may find beneficial.
view all 












 














get in touch!






if you have any questions or concerns, please enter your name, email, and a brief message for us below and a member of the maryland bankruptcy bar association will get back to you shortly. 










footer contact







first name
        *




last name
        *




email
        *




how can we help?
        *




newsletter
        

  
 yes! i would like to receive email notifications about upcoming events.



recaptcha
        






					if you are human, leave this field blank.				



submit



























©2025 maryland bankruptcy bar association
all rights reserved | bylaws | faqs
produced by zest sms












 
























