












linda barnicott publishing, llc
































































 
  ↓ skip to main content   









 



 



 



 




home
contact linda
1.888.748.8278
 
 

 

 




 





about linda

about linda
her clients say it best
downloadable brochure
terms & policies


paintings & prints

pittsburgh scenes
jolly old elf series
amusement parks
sports scenes
pennsylvania universities
western pennsylvania scenes
landscapes
light houses
religious art
new york scenes


collectibles

specialty gifts
ornaments
note & holiday cards
coasters
drinkware
bookmarks
keychains
magnets
checks and labels


linda’s blog
galleries & gift shops
events
 















 



 






 




 





 







shop linda's giftware collections









sturdy 4″x 4″ collectible coasters boast a non-slip 
cork backing. 
							shop now! 
							
 


hand-crafted ornaments
choose from 40 designs! 
							shop now! 
							
 


fine metal bookmarks are 6” x 1.5” wide with a black tassel.  
							shop now! 
							
 









video profiles
linda's blog
free digital brochure


linda's latest post




you never know who you’ll meet at the holiday market!hi, it’s linda, with a jolly ho-ho-ho! we have been crazy busy down at the holiday market! with less than a week left, i’m excited to meet all the folks who come down to the market and listen to the stories they share. every day, there’s something new. for example, the other night, fred mazur showed up. (if you recall, he’s the gentleman whose classic gold avanti car appears in my painting, “lincoln highway’s historical ship hotel.”) when fred arrived, he walked up to the counter and asked, “where’s my car?”  he had brought some friends along and had fun sharing…read more ›   

 










contact linda

linda barnicott publishing, llc
3211 brownsville road
pittsburgh, pa 15227
toll-free: 1-888-pitt-art (1-888-748-8278)
email: info@lindabarnicott.com

newsletter


first name



last name



email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human: 


follow



 



 



 



 





contact linda
legal
 

			© 2025
				linda barnicott publishing, llc			





top




				archival giclée reproductions			

an artist-enhanced archival giclée print is a limited edition print that is reproduced digitally with a process utilizing six specially formulated archival pigmented inks and a sophisticated color matching system. the paper used is archival quality and acid free. the giclée reproduction system produces prints that are superior in color and likeness to linda’s original paintings. they will not fade or discolor and will last a lifetime. linda adds further value to her giclée prints by personally enhancing them by hand with rich, soft pastels and strong vibrant colors.
linda barnicott is very happy to add prints using this quality reproduction method to her line of nostalgic limited edition prints.


			close			









































