








home page | hispanic center of excellence






























skip to main content





 




















 
 

























 





home
news
events
eres tu this is you!
contact
 









 




give today!


 
 







aboutadvisory committeestaff2019-2020 fiscal year reportscholars' circleprogramsgrowing our ownspanish for healthcaresummer research  mentorshipcultural competencearizona biomedical scientist development programpartnersengagementaz telemedicine programweekly radio talksestudios de investigacióninformacion en su idiomaimportancia de la participacion hispana en los ensayos clinicosdepresión en tiempos de covid-19 

 















 
 

our goals
to improve the cultural competence of health-care service providers for hispanic communities

 

 
 

our goals
to enhance health research that serves the hispanic population in the southwest

 

 
 

our goals
to increase the number of hispanic health providers

 


 




our mission
	the arizona hispanic center of excellence promotes the health of the community by meeting the needs of the state’s growing hispanic population.


 
 





home page










 






faculty support



student mentoring



learning support



cultural competence



 
 






message from the director




  
 it is my pleasure to welcome you to the university of arizona health sciences - hispanic center of excellence (uahs-hcoe). please take a moment to learn about our initiatives in support of students, faculty, and community members, geared to improving the health, health literacy, and health services for hispanics in arizona.
	 
	learn about our goals, join our efforts, and share your ideas on how to best impact the needs of all arizonans.
francisco moreno, md
	assistant vice-president, diversity and inclusion
	university of arizona health sciences
 
 read more  

 







 




news




 

depresión en tiempos de covid-19


  

 

2017 frontera student investigating a better treatment for  macular degeneration


  

 

información y recursos acerca del coronavirus-19- en su idioma


  


more news

 

 





contact us








 
 









hispanic center of excellence
	1501 n. campbell  |   p.o. box 245120  |  tucson, az  85724
	tel: (520) 621-0235    |    admin


 





the university of arizona health sciences





copyright © 2016 - 2021 arizona board of regents. all rights reserved.
	the university of arizona is an eeo/aa - m/w/d/v employer.


 





university privacy statement
	© 2021 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.


 
 
  


