







barrington motor works - barrington motor works
































































































cart
















0
















              home
            

        who we are
      

        services
      

        products
      

        social media
      

        contact
      








































































cart
















0











homewho we areservicesproductssocial mediacontact







rebuilding the past for the future











scroll
















 









rebuilding the past for the futurebarrington motor works shares your love for vintage bmw motorcycles and is ready to help you get your bike ready for the next chapter in its life. a small independently owned shop in the heart of the new hampshire woods, barrington motor works has spent the last 20 years restoring and servicing vintage bmw motorcycles. our focus on vintage bmw motorcycles gives us the unique ability to give your motorcycle the attention it deserves. whether you are looking for a full restoration, a component rebuild, an annual service or help trouble-shooting a specific issue, barrington motor works has the years of experience and knowledge to deliver high quality, reliable work. barrington motor works has also written numerous restoration and service manuals to aid the “at home” mechanic with their own projects.



news

   








spring service!
we are proud to service vintage bmw motorcycles. click here to visit our services page to schedule your appointment today!










1965 r69s "salt"
ready to restore your vintage bmw motorcycle?! check out our restorations page! click here to see more details










vintage bmw motorcycles
vintage bmw motorcycles are our passion! click here to see why.










we've moved!
our shop is growing! 








r35
some of our earlier work is coming to a close…but it will be hard to say goodbye the this r35!










1954 r51/3 project
ralph’s r51/3 sidecar rebuild project continues take shape! click on the image to learn how barrington motor works can breath new life into your bmw beauty!










coming spring 2020!
we are rebuilding another fantastic bmw motorcycle. contact us for additional details!










engine rebuilds!
barrington has the knowledge, tools, and experience to give your motor the rebuild it deserves.








may 7th swap meet!!
please join us for our joint swap meet with the bmw airhead motorcycle club on sunday may 7th from 10am to 3pm.










 

  

visit barrington motor works publications!




    barrington motor works publications
  

video: blake's photography solutions music: skydive by loxbeats https://soundcloud.com/loxbeats creative commons - attribution 3.0 unported - cc by 3.0 http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ 






home



about














facebookinstagram




powered by squarespace

 







