








message from dr. karp | the department of psychiatry, university of arizona health sciences
























skip to main content





 











 





ways to give 

 
 










 





events
directory
news
log in
 









 




anti-racism statement





college of medicine


 
 







about usdepartment chairexecutive committeestaffaccess, community & belongingstrategic plangivinggrand roundsnewsletterjoin our team: available positionsalumniacademic programspsychiatry residency programaddiction medicine fellowshipchild & adolescent psychiatry fellowshipdoctoral clinical psychology internshipgeriatric psychiatry fellowshipintegrative psychiatry programclerkships & electivesabout tucsonabout uarizonaresearchcurrent studiesbrain & mood health labua scan labsleep and health research programsleep & development labcore facultyva affilatespatient careoutpatientcenter for interventional psychiatry and neurotherapeuticsepicenterinpatientwhole health clinicmaps & locationsmake an appointmentinsurancelow & no cost clinicsresourcesbehavioral health resourcesdifficult to treat depression resourcesmental health resources for students & staffgeriatric psych for pcpspsych4pcps 2023psych matters blog 

 















 
 

trainee travel grants
these gifts fuel the future! #beardowngiveback

 

 
 

research
we are dedicated to advancing treatments in psychiatry through innovative research and conveying research skills to the next generation of scientists. 

 

 
 

epicenter
the early psychosis intervention center (“epicenter”) is the only five-year program in the nation for young people in the early stages of serious mental illness.

 

 
 

apal slider
our az psychiatry access lines (apal) provide free case consults for pediatric and perinatal providers whose patients have mood and/or substance use disorders. apal.arizona.edu

 

 
 

cipn
patients with difficult-to-treat depression can received specialized treatment, such as ect, rtms, and esketamine, from our center for interventional psychiatry and neurotherapeutics. 

 


 

 
 





message from dr. karp










 



message from dr. karp




  
 we are living in extraordinary times in which leaders in psychiatric medicine are needed more than ever. social and medical injustice, the dual imperatives to fight racism and make our world more equitable, and for all to have access to personalized healthcare requires creative, well-trained psychiatrist and psychologist leaders to help improve the world through clinical care, education, and research.
 
 read more  

 

 
 









academic information



patient care



research studies






the department of psychiatry leads efforts to comprehensively prevent and treat psychiatric disorders, conduct cutting-edge research, and prepare future clinicians through rigorous, experiential education. our commitment to social justice and anti-racism focuses our dedication to serving southern arizona’s diverse patient populations.








 
events

grand rounds: the death penalty: history & psychiatry’s involvement
wednesday, february 19, 2025 - 12:00pm



  

 

 




news




 

napping for more than this many minutes can ruin your sleep
dr. michael grandner, the director of the sleep and health research program at the university of arizona, told the american heart association: “if you’re napping because it helps you get through the day, that’s probably a good thing.”

  

 

what to eat and drink for a good night’s sleep
dr. michael grandner was quoted in a new york times article "what to eat and drink for a good night’s sleep".

  

 

 




events




 

feb
19 


grand rounds: the death penalty: history & psychiatry’s involvement


  

 

feb
20 


behavioral sleep medicine seminar: basics of insomnia: epidemiology, assessment and diagnosis, models


  

 

feb
21 


apal grand rounds: blunt truths - debunking myths about cannabis in the perinatal and postpartum period


  

 

feb
26 


grand rounds: trainee presentation


  

 

feb
27 


behavioral sleep medicine seminar: insomnia: treatments in adults, recent developments and future directions


  


more 
 

 
 









college of medicine - tucson
department of psychiatry
	2800 e. ajo way
	tucson, arizona 85713
	tel: 520-874-4208 |  fax: 520-874-4115
admin login
 


 





the photos used on this website (other than of our faculty and staff) are stock images intended for illustrative purposes only. individuals depicted in the photos are models.
 





the university of arizona is an eeo/aa - m/w/d/v employer.
web development by uahs biocom


 





university privacy statement
	© 2021 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.


 
 
  


