




garvies point museum and preserve






















about

exhibits
preserve
geology of li
glacial history of long island
garvie family history
local geology
geology of garvies point
geologic terranes and orogenies of the northeast
mineral crystallization
the puddingstone story



visit

gift shop
exhibit directory
field trips



events & activities

calendar
summer camps
native plant sale
dinosaur daze
garvies point museum day
geology day
native american fall festival
summer saturday programs



education

boy scouts
girl scouts
birthday parties
summer camps
school programs
metalsmith workshop



your event

birthday parties
programs for your event



join+give







membership
north shore audubon society
nassau mineral club
volunteer/community service


calendar





upcoming events









president's week is happening at gpm!


      visit garvies point museum during president's week to play games, do crafts and more
    












metalsmithing workshop


          metalsmithing workshop winter sessions











birthday parties at garvies point museum


          schedule a party today!
        









garvies point museum








                the museum is a center for research on long island geology and a valued resource in the study of the island's native american archaeology.
    reference collections of original archaeological artifacts and geological phenomena are maintained. these are used in exhibits and museum educational
    programs and are available for special research purposes. 
    a giftshop provides materials and publications related to the exhibits and educational programming, with emphasis on the natural history of long island.
                

                over a dozen educational programs relating to local geology,  archaeology, and  outdoor  environmental themes are offered to school groups during school hours.
museum resources are used to present topical lessons which teachers may integrate into their classroom curricula. a brochure describing these museum
school programs is available from the education desk. brochures are available on this 
site as well.  advance reservations are required for all 
classes. call the education desk at   (516) 571-8011 and pre-arrange visits to the museum.

garvies point museum and preserve is part of the department of parks, recreation and museums whose mission is to preserve and 
interpret the county's natural, prehistoric and historic heritage. the friends of garvies point museum and preserve is a non-profit educational corporation whose membership is open to all interested in promoting this objective. 

information on volunteer participation may be obtained by calling   (516) 571-8011.





 -    shopping @ garvies gift shop - 
wide & unique selection of educational toys, stem & steam kits, stuffed animals, rocks, minerals & fossils, jewelry (native american made & made is usa), field guides, books, coloring books, t-shirts, souvenirs, gifts, & more! 
members receive 15% discount on all purchases!
all sales proceeds go directly to the friends of garvies point museum and preserve, thank you for your support!















general admissions

please note these prices have changed: 
adults: $5.00; children 5-12 years: $3.00 
days and hours of operation: 
tuesday to saturday, 10am-4pm
school groups by appointment tues-fri
closed sundays and mondays and holidays


museum is located at: 
            50 barry drive, glen cove, ny 11542
            


gift shop
visit our museum store for a broad range of souvenirs, crafts, native american objects and other educational items.

no dogs. no collecting.

picnic area near museum.    free parking. visit the garvie family cemetery.




nassau county department of parks, recreation & museums
nassau county executive, bruce a. blakeman
parks commissioner, darcy a. belyea














web design, content management, programming and organization by tlnj.
    

    © 2004-2024 garvies point museum. all rights reserved.








