











workcycles - the pioneer in bringing the beauty of dutch cycling



















































































search for:



xproducts

fr8 family
fr8 city
classic dutch bikes
accessories
parts


workshop
about
contact
 
 
welcome to workcycles!


username or email address


password

 remember me


 


a better life starts with a great bike!the bicycle is a perfect example of the beautiful minimalism the world should adopt to continue forward.explorewe’re open by appointment only.please schedule a service/repair appointment for your workcycles bikeworkshop appointmentplease schedule a sales appointmentshowroom appointmentworkcycles for mea city, cargo or family bicycle tailored to meet your specific needsfamilythe workcycles fr8-freight outfitted with age appropriate child seatscitydo-it-all around town bicycles, a practical solution for everyday usecargoindustrial strength transport, cargo and delivery trikes or bikesclassictimeless frame designs fully equipped with modern componentselements of distinctionworkcycles bicycles stand out among the crowd, a few examples of what makes our bikes different:universal frameour universal frame features a proprietary geometry called the “adaptive seat tube” or ast. essentially a ‘one-size-fits-all' frame made from 4130 chrome-moly tubing which is stiffer, stronger and more corrosion resistant than ordinary steel bikescarrier optionswe're focused on producing strong, versatile, good riding front and rear cargo carriers for our bicycles. a frame fixed front carrier has no influence on the bike’s handling or parking stabilityinternal gearinginternal hub gears offer foolproof shifting even while stopped, require minimal maintenance and are out of harm’s way. paired with either shimano roller brakes front and rear, a rear coaster brake or magura hydraulic disc brakesmeet workcyclessince 2003 workcycles has been the pioneer in bringing the beauty of dutch cycling to the world: amazing bikes to enjoy daily cycling, to work, with your kids, or for your business. based in amsterdam, our initial location was a small shop in the east of the city before moving in 2007 to our current location in the heart of the old city. workcycles bikes are designed in house and built right here in the netherlands.we pride ourselves on delivering a quality product, built to last and provide years of enjoyment. workcycles is founded on a passion for practical cycling, we build everyday bicycles for all types of riders. come visit our flagship workshop and store in the heart of amsterdam, buy your workcycles via one of our international dealers, or have us ship it to your doorstep. read more...newsaboutfamily transportcity bikesprofessional transportclassic dutch bikesf.a.q.dealersordering & deliveryterms and conditionsprivacy and cookie policymy accountcontact:info@workcycles.nlphone: +31 (0)20 522 6000visit us by appointment onlyvisit us at our headquarterslijnbaansgracht 32b-hs1015 gp amsterdamcopyright © 2003-2025 workcycles. all rights reserved. 




searchfacebookinstagramflickrvimeox-twitter





we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept
reject
settings

 




























































































change cookie settings







close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




3rd party cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







3rd party cookies

this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!












enable all
save settings

 
















