






the mitte foundation – community grants & academic scholarships





















































community grants

guidelines & process
grant recipients
faq


scholarships
foundation

founders
board
staff


contact
 



community grants guidelines & process grant recipients faqscholarshipsfoundation founders board staffcontact 



































 




better to light a candle


than curse the darkness


























 







learnmore
 






 grantinformation

 






 apply for ascholarship

 






 



















 







upcoming funding developments
 


the roy f. and joann cole mitte foundation board of directors is proud to announce the acquisition and development of properties in support of the mitte cultural district in brownsville, texas, expanding the initiative begun by our founders in 1998 to promote and enhance historical, cultural, educational, and family activities in and around their beloved dean porter park. the board is blessed to serve the community of brownsville in this manner and believes the founders would be pleased.
the mitte foundation values the work of its grantee organizations in central texas, and desires to continue to support those efforts as much as possible during the development period of several years in brownsville. as such, during this time, the board of directors is implementing an invitation-only structure for grant funding in central texas. this will not affect the scholarship program for students graduating high school in region xiii. be assured, the commitment to the austin and surrounding area remains a focus and we will continue to provide support to those communities in the future.
thank you for your understanding as we work to fulfill the founders’ dream in brownsville.
the mitte foundation board of directors

 
















 












who we arefoundation
founders
board
staff
 

what we docommunity grants
• guidelines & process
• grant recipients
• faq
scholarships
 

contact us po box 15286
austin, tx 78761
(512) 233-5599
info@mittefoundation.org

 

 

 






copyright ©2020 the mitte foundation. all rights reserved.























