




official website of the universal house of justice








and it shall come to pass in the latter days, that the  mountain of the house of the lord shall be established as the highest  [spiritual] of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all  nations shall flow unto it.
       
 and many people shall go and say, come ye, and let us  go up to the mountain of the lord, to the house of the god of jacob; and he  will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for out of zion [the  place of the throne of king david] shall go forth the law, and the word of the  lord from [new] jerusalem. 
 and he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke  many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears  into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall  they learn war any more. 
      isaiah 2:2-4

"the house of the lord"
the universal house of justice of baha'u'llah fulfills  prophecy for the “house of the lord” spoken of by the prophet isaiah as that  universal house of knowledge and education sent by god and “preserved from all  error” to guide all the people of the world through education and justice to  that everlasting promise of peace – that secret of divine civilization – that  god has vouchsafed as sacred and holy through all the prophets, messengers, and  mouthpieces come in his exalted and ineffable name.
singled out as authentic – as the only institution in the  world that has the living descendant of king david as its president, the great  grandson of 'abdu'l-baha seated upon the throne of king david which is to last  forever (psalm 89) – this house alone, the true uhj, has the divine power and  god given knowledge through the “key of david” to heal the world of all its  ills and guide a wayward and forlorn humanity back out of the gloom of the  darkness of war into the light of real fellowship, truth, felicity  and brotherly love in the shade of the divine  and holy tree of life – man reunited with god in the garden of god as this earth was  meant to be – in fulfillment of this sacred verse:

“in that day, saith the lord of hosts, shall ye call every  man his neighbour under the vine and under the fig tree.” (zech. 3:10 kjv)

 the universal house of justice was revealed by baha'u'llah,  delineated by 'abdu'l-baha and constituted by shoghi effendi in a four stage  plan, to evolve in four phases from an embryonic state of an appointed body to  an eventual efflorescence into a universally elected body from all the peoples  and nations of the world. 'abdu'l-baha states:

“the world of government is like the world of man; he is  seed at first, and then passes by degrees to the condition of embryo and  foetus, acquiring a bone structure, being clothed with flesh, taking on his own  special form, until at last he reaches the plane where he can befittingly  fulfill the words: "the most excellent of makers." just as this is a  requirement of creation and is based on the universal wisdom, the world of  government of the body politic in the same way cannot instantaneously evolve  from the nadir of defectiveness to the zenith of rightness and perfection. rather,  qualified individuals must strive by day and by night, using all those means  which will conduce to progress, until the government and the people develop  along every line from day to day and even from moment to moment. 
 when, through the divine bestowals, three things appear on earth, this world  of dust will come alive, and stand forth wondrously adorned and full of grace.  these are first, the fruitful winds of spring; second, the welling plenty of  spring clouds; and third, the heat of the bright sun. when, out of the endless  bounty of god, these three have been vouchsafed, then slowly, by his leave, dry  trees and branches turn fresh and green again, and array themselves with many  kinds of blossoms and fruits. it is the same when the pure intentions and the  justice of the ruler, the wisdom and consummate skill and statecraft of the  governing authorities, and the determination and unstinted efforts of the  people, are all combined; then day by day the effects of the advancement, of  the far-reaching reforms, of the pride and prosperity of government and people  alike, will become clearly manifest.” ('abdu'l-baha, the secret of divine  civilization, pp. 107, 108)

 in 1912, abdu'l-baha came to the united   states of america, spoke before congress in washington dc, and  indicated the prophesied spot for the establishment of his father's universal  house of justice with the throne of king david as its presidency in the rocky  mountains in the united    states of america. 'abdu'l-baha delineated  his fathers universal house of justice in the sacred will and testament of  'abdu'l-baha which is the charter for the kingdom of god  on earth (world order of baha'u'llah, p. 144).
this charter went into effect on november 28, 1921 at the  moment of the ascension of 'abdu'l-baha. 'abdu'l-baha appointed his grandson  shoghi effendi as the executor of his will and testament and passed the throne  of king david onto his aghsan son whom he designated was to become the first  president of the universal house of justice. shoghi effendi, in fulfillment of  the sacred trust placed upon him, fulfilled his mission by constituting the  universal house of justice on january 9, 1951 in the name “first international  baha'i council” – to evolve through four stages – and officially welcomed,  'abdu'l-baha's aghsan son publicly on march 2, 1951 as its first  president.  the sacred charter of the  will and testament of 'abdu'l-baha states:

“to none is given the right to put forth his own opinion or  express his particular convictions. all must turn to the center of the cause  [shoghi effendi] and after him to the house of justice [with the living davidic  king as its president and irremovable member for life]. and he that turneth unto  whatsoever else is indeed in grievous error.” (w&t, p. 26)

on november 4, 1957, shoghi effendi unexpectedly passed on  and the council of the universal house of justice with 'abdu'l-baha's son as  its president, the executive branch, which had been in existence for 7 years prior to the passing of shoghi effendi was then at that moment activated with  full powers. the people were easily instructed by 'abdu'l-baha in his will and  testament to “seek guidance and turn unto... the house of justice” at the  moment of the passing of shoghi effendi (the center of the cause) – the very  house of justice in fact that shoghi effendi himself had set up with  'abdu'l-baha's son as its president  seven years previously on january 9,  1951. due to lack of education on these points, however, a small group of  people known as the “hands” were able to get many people to turn to themselves,  the “hands”, in deference to the uhj which was in the world since 1951, thus  fulfilling the caveat of 'abdu'l-baha: “and he that turneth unto whatsoever  else [the “hands”] is indeed in grievous error.” (w&t, p. 26)
“my people are  destroyed for lack of knowledge”
    (hosea 4:6 kjv)
in those two years, by november of 1959, the “hands” rose to  such prominence in the minds of certain uneducated people, that they were able to  “seize” control of the baha'i shrines and properties in haifa, israel, away from the uhj with  'abdu'l-baha's son, an aghsan, as the executive branch, which they openly  admit.

“this book of messages of the hands of the cause…does not  pretend to be a history but rather a record of…an unpretentious group of world  religious officials [the hands] who... found themselves called upon [in  opposition to the uhj with 'abdu'l-baha's son presiding] to seize the helm of  their faith...”
    (ruhiyyih khanum, preface, ministry of the custodians 1957-1963,  p. xix)

they were then able to by-pass shoghi effendi's four stage  plan of the uhj already in existence since 1951 and separate themselves from  the true universal house of justice. they did this by going against shoghi  effendi and thus going against god (will and testament, page 11). “my people  are destroyed for lack of knowledge”. this glaring violation of the covenant –  glaring for anyone who dares to read the will and testament of 'abdu'l-baha for  themselves – then took the form of a set up for a plan for a bogus headless  corporation – an international assembly to be elected by national assemblies –  without the davidic kingship as its president, and outside the provisions of  the will and testament and in violation of shoghi effendi's four stage plan.  thus they came out from under the protection of the charter, the protection of  the covenant of the will and testament of 'abdu'l-baha and fell into grievous  error. in a clever switcheroo they then labeled all those loyal and faithful to the  covenant and firm in every single provision of the sacred will and testament of  'abdu'l-baha who would not go along with their own violation  “covenant-breakers” and brought down a great repression upon the people which  is infamous in its tyranny and oppressive strong-arm tactics and violations of  human rights. thus they fell into grievous error, as was meant to be:

"this oppression is the essential feature of every  revelation [including baha'u'llah's]. unless  it [the violation of the "hands"] cometh to pass, the sun of truth will not be made manifest. for the break of  the morn of divine guidance must needs follow the darkness of the night of  error. "
    (baha'u'llah, the book of certitude, p. 31) 
“i will make a  covenant of peace with them;
   it shall be an everlasting covenant” 
      (ezekiel 37:26 rsv)

in following along explicitly with 'abdu'l-baha's  instructions of the divine plan, the four stage plan of shoghi effendi, and the  charter of every single provision of the sacred will and testament of  abdu'l-baha, the world wide community of baha'is who remained loyal to the  covenant and the living davidic king established the universal house of justice  on january 9, 1991 – 40 years later to the day of shoghi effendi's constitution  – symbolizing the 40 year period of wilderness in the violation. 'abdu'l-baha's  son, an aghsan, was succeeded by his son and grandson as the second and third  presidents of the universal house of justice which is alive and operating in  the world today, the living davidic king, the great-grandson of 'abdu'l-baha, being the irremovable "head and distinguished  member for life of that body” (w&t, p. 14), and the twelve male and twelve  female members – 24 elders – constituting the active body at this time.
in 'abdu'l-baha's will and testament, he defines the  universal house of justice as an institution with two branches: the executive  branch and the legislative branch. only the body with both branches can be the  true universal house of justice. 

this house of justice enacteth the laws and the government  enforceth them. the legislative body must  reinforce the executive, the executive must aid and assist the legislative  body so that through the close union and harmony of these two forces, the foundation of fairness and justice may become  firm and strong, that all the regions of the world may become even as paradise  itself. (w&t, p. 15)
the universal house of justice has only the legislative  function; the executive power belongs to the administration department of the  government [the executive branch, that is the head of the uhj -- davidic]…  again, i repeat, the house of justice whether national or universal, has only  legislative power, and not executive power. for example, in europe and america the  parliament or congress enacts laws, while the government executes these laws.  the house of justice cannot fulfill two functions at the same time –  legislative and executive… ('abdu'l-baha, star of the west, vol. 7 no. 15).
acting in conjunction with each other these two inseparable  institutions [the executive and legislative branches of the uhj] administer its  affairs, coordinate its activities, promote its interests, execute its laws and  defend its subsidiary institutions.   severally, each operates within a clearly defined sphere of  jurisdiction; each is equipped with its own attendant institutions -  instruments designed for the effective discharge of its particular  responsibilities and duties.  each  exercises, within the limitations imposed upon it, its powers, its authority,  its rights and prerogatives.  these are  neither contradictory, nor detract in the slightest degree from the position  which each of these institutions occupies.   far from being incompatible or mutually destructive, they supplement  each other's authority and functions, and are permanently and fundamentally  united in their aims. 
       
      divorced from the institution of the guardianship [of the  living davidic king] the world order of baha'u'llah's [universal house of justice]  would be mutilated and permanently deprived of that hereditary principle [throne-line  of king david] which, as abdu'l-baha has written, has been invariably upheld by  the law of god....without such an institution [the hereditary executive branch of the uhj] the integrity of the faith would be imperiled, and the stability of the entire fabric would be gravely endangered.  its prestige would suffer, the means required to enable it to take a long, an uninterrupted view over a series of generations would be completely lacking, and the necessary guidance to define the sphere of the legislative action of its elected representatives would be totally withdrawn. 
(shoghi effendi, world order of baha'u'llah, p. 148)

this website represents the authentic  universal house of justice, the only one active and operating in the world today that  has both the executive branch, which is the descendant of david, and the  legislative branch as constituted by shoghi effendi in the four stage plan. it is  the criteria provided by 'abdu'l-baha – the presence of the living descendant  of king david as the president – that reveals the true house of the lord that  has the power and the ability and the functionality to amicably and conclusively resolve the problems of mankind through education to the  truth and by knowledge of the pure and unadulterated revelation of god for today;  thereby bringing peace in an ever-needful world through justice.
for the break of the morn of divine guidance  must needs follow
    the darkness of the night of error.

“few will fail to recognize that the spirit breathed by  baha'u'llah upon the world, and which is manifesting itself with varying  degrees of intensity through the efforts consciously displayed by his avowed  supporters and indirectly through certain humanitarian organizations, can never  permeate and exercise an abiding influence upon mankind unless and until it  incarnates itself in a visible order [the universal house of justice with the  davidic king as its president], which would bear his name, wholly identify  itself with his principles, and function in conformity with his laws. that  baha'u'llah in his book of aqdas, and later abdu'l-baha in his will – a  document which confirms, supplements, and correlates the provisions of the  aqdas – have set forth in their entirety those essential elements for the  constitution of the world baha'i commonwealth, no one who has read them will  deny. according to these divinely-ordained administrative principles, the  dispensation of baha'u'llah – the ark  [uhj] of human salvation – must needs be modeled. from them, all future  blessings must flow, and upon them its inviolable authority must ultimately  rest.”
      (shoghi effendi, world order of baha'u'llah, p. 19)

this website is the open portal for all the people of the  world to contact the true universal house of justice of baha'u'llah which is  the visible incarnation of the only world order the bible supports – the  kingdom of god on earth (davidic) as it is in heaven.


click here to contact the uhj
 
click here to enter


graphics and design © 2001-2021
page 10 publishers
all rights reserved 



 click here to contact the uhj click here to enter




