








home • midwest insurance fraud prevention association


















































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebarmidwest insurance fraud prevention associationmidwest insurance fraud prevention associationhome
email sign-up
annual dues
contact
executive committee
home
the midwest insurance fraud prevention association (mifpa) is an organization dedicated to expanding and developing understanding in the detection, prevention, and prosecution of health, life, worker’s compensation, and disability insurance fraud. the mission of mifpa is to advance the knowledge of its members by:

educating its members to recognize and combat fraud;
sharing current fraud investigation information;
sponsoring education programs and workshops; and
providing access to a regional network of associates.

apply for membership or renew your membership today!


annual dues
$175.00
purchase now 




to confirm membership, or if you are interested in joining as a member company, check the member organization list below to see if your company is already a member.

2025 training is coming soon!
 
2024 training sessions
november 20, 2024: building a fraud-proof framework: exploring use cases, data obstacles & team structures – presenter: bo petkovich, a director of fraud, financial crimes & investigations – guidehouse
september 30, 2024: mastering physical and digital evidence – presenter: donald comstock, owner – rocky mountain forensics, llc
april 24, 2024: cyber threat awareness and creative strategies for managing risk – presenter: mark lanterman, chief technology officer – computer forensic services
january 24, 2024: day to day ethics for siu – presenter: brent walker, director of government relations – coalition against insurance fraud

member organizations
allianz life insurance company
american family insurance
atlas investigations
blue cross and blue shield of mn
gainwell technologies
medica
primewest health
securian financial group
sfm mutual insurance company
south country health alliance
state farm insurance
trustage financial group, inc.
ucare
unitedhealthcare
affiliated government agencies
defense criminal investigative services (dcis), dept. of defense inspector generalfederal bureau of investigationshennepin county attorney officehennepin healthinternal revenue servicemedicaremn attorney general – criminal divisionmn attorney general – medicaid fraud control unit (mfcu)mn department of commerce – fraud bureaumn department of human services – office of inspector general (oig)mnsuresd insurance fraud prevention unit, sd dept. of revenue & regulationu.s. attorney’s office – minnesotau.s. department of health and human services, oigu.s. department of health and human services, region 5 officeu.s. postal inspection servicewisconsin department of justiceprimary sidebarresources
online resources
previous training


meeting minutes


building a fraud-proof framework: exploring use cases, data obstacles & team structures



© 2017 midwest insurance fraud prevention association  











