



odulo enterprises












log in







navigation:
odulo enterprises home
consulting services

        flashing panda
chocolips
odulo events
power contact
veggiewagon

contact:
consulting services
flashing panda sales department
webmaster
daniel odulo
anatoly odulo

personal pages:
daniel odulo
anatoly odulo







odulo consulting services - we specialize in rapid full lifecycle development of custom solutions for most data needs


power contact - this service allows the subscriber to receive email anonymously from a web page.



flashing panda 
                "stuff that lights up" - a mail order retail and wholesale 
                outlet of led-driven consumer electronics. everything from led 
                keychains, flashlights, bike lights, and headlamps, to led light 
                bulbs, as well as party favors and toys, such as flashing 
                barware, etc.


odulo events - an online event registration system allows your participants to easily manage their registrations over a period of time, register multiple attendees from a single account, and make payments online if a balance is due. you define the questionnaire for the registration form, see running totals of the selections, and much more.


odulo e-commerce - a hosted, turnkey, full featured, full service e-commerce solution, which allows us to fully host the e-commerce portion of your business, in any industry, supporting both retail and wholesale. the system is very feature-full, dynamic, scalable and easy to use. the administration utility is web-based, allowing you to perform most of the design, maintenance, and administration tasks easily online.


truth and views - a political e-magazine - a division of odulo enterprises



veggiewagon - a web site dedicated to alternative fuels, and my vw, (veggie-wagon,) which runs on biodiesel.






contact webmaster
      this page was last modified 
      copyright © 1996-2025 odulo enterprises. all rights reserved.






