



matthew algie | leading the commercial coffee industry since 1864
























































































 














asset 1



coffee

matthew algie coffee
peak & wild coffee
piacetto coffee
smokin’ bean coffee
private label


coffee machines

traditional coffee machines
bean-to-cup coffee machines
brewers, boilers and filter coffee machines
coffee grinders
machine finder


café supplies
sectors

cafés & restaurants
coffee-to-go
hotels and leisure
education
healthcare
workplace
contract catering


services

coffee school
online training
drinks recipes
marketing support
technical service


about

our history
matthew algie coffee roastery
sustainability
sourcing our coffee
careers


blog
search
contact us
 ✕



☰











 












leading the commercial coffee industry since 1864
your go-to supplier of coffee, machines, café equipment, training and more! we're here to help your café reach its full potential. 



trustpilot


own a traditional coffee machine from £2.17+vat per day! 










coffee to go solutions for maximising profit
generating profit for convenience stores and forecourts from the smallest of areas. 



trustpilot


earn up to 60% profit share with our solutions! 













why partner with matthew algie? we’re proud to offer one of the largest selections of coffee, coffee machines, café supplies, and expert barista training in the uk and ireland.  for 160 years, we have been supplying cafés and hospitality businesses across the country with everything they need to run a successful coffee business. we take pride in roasting exceptional coffee at our roastery in the heart of glasgow that is enjoyed by thousands every day. 
large selection of coffee machines and equipmentplus, free installation!
nationwide coffee machine servicing and maintenancelet’s keep the coffee flowing!
a dedicated account manager who loves coffee just as much as you! here to help your café thrive.
free barista training for your staffsay hello to latte art.
ongoing seasonal drink and marketing supporthelping you to stay on trend
speak to our team about a new coffee machine 






our customers




we’re privileged to partner with some of the most renowned brands in the uk – from cosy independent coffee shops to thriving chains. with no two businesses the same, we work across all sectors to give personalised and tailored support to help your coffee business thrive. we take pride in building long-lasting relationships with our partners and working together to achieve success.





 

 

 

 

 

 




don’t just take our word for it…





 





trustpilot

 








 



 the apiary @ dalwhinnie"we love all three blends of the peak & wild range and wanted to incorporate them into our coffee offering. as bracken grows in the spring, we have served the bracken blend through the spring months. at the moment, we are serving the santa izabel single origin in the summer. as bramble grows in the winter, we follow the seasonality of the plants through our coffee and will look to bring this in around october.

the quality of the coffee does get complimented. we get amazing feedback and reviews on google. we serve great coffee, not just a good coffee (even to the standards of coffee snobs). our customers have commented on the changing seasonal coffee and enjoy the variation in flavour profiles and trying something new.

"mike, owner 








our brands


we have a range of coffee brands tailored to suit different businesses, customer groups and sectors. plus, our espresso warehouse catalogue, with 400+ products is every coffee business owner’s best friend, supplying everything you need to run smoothly.































if you’re looking to create a unique brand for your café, we’ve got you covered. our in-house marketing team is well-equipped to develop a bespoke brand that truly represents your business. 













machines








coffee








café supplies








training



 




 
from seedling to cupwe go above and beyond to ensure your coffee is top-quality, delicious, and sustainably sourced.
supplying the best coffee machineswe work with top coffee machine manufacturers and provide industry-leading service, to make sure your coffee flows seamlessly.
our coffee experts are here to helpwe are here to empower your baristas to become true coffee masters so your customers keep returning for more!
 





 

 

 








we are award-winning
these awards are a true testament to our amazing team members’ hard work, dedication, and innovation. we are all proud of our work to achieve our net zero by 2040 goal, and we would like to express our gratitude for all the support we have received from our customers, suppliers and partners.
thank you all for being a part of our journey!
 


 



2022european coffee awardsbest coffee roaster - europe2022glasgow business awardsgreen champion2023glasgow business awardsmost outstanding business 2023glasgow business awardssustainable development 







get in touch with our team!our experts are on hand to answer all your questions and to find a solution tailored to your business. complete our contact us form, and the team will reply shortly!
contact the team  

 





follow us on instagram










join our mailing list
sign up for free coffee industry insights, recipes and more straight to your inbox!  






	notice: javascript is required for this content.
















about us
company policies
sitemap
contact us
modern slavery statement
 








                    webenquiries@matthewalgie.com                    



                    scotland, england & wales: 0800263333                    



                    republic of ireland: 1800626220                    



                    northern ireland: 028 9592 4545                    





 



 



 



 
























































tchibo coffee service joins the matthew algie family
exciting news! from 1st january 2024, tchibo coffee service will be joining the matthew algie family. but don’t worry, this transition won’t affect your access to any products you enjoy. in fact, you can expect to have access to even more amazing products moving forward!
for new and existing customer enquiries, get in touch with the matthew algie team.













company update:
capitol foods are now matthew algie (ireland) limited
we are delighted to announce that with effect from 3rd july 2023, capitol foods limited will be known as matthew algie (ireland) limited.
it’s an exciting time for us, and the change will bring several benefits, including access to an even wider range of products, such as matthew algie coffee and the espresso warehouse range.
the same great service will continue to be delivered by the team you are familiar with.
please call 02892634558 (ni) or 018362242 (roi) for new and existing customer enquiries. alternatively, email sales@capitolfoods.com and one of the team will be back in touch shortly.




