





airport operations and facilities, motel and restaurants, entertainment services - medford, mt. laurel, lumberton | flying w airport & resorts





























































home
about us 

airport information
pilot alert system


flight training 

freeflight aviation (fixed wing, part 61 flight school and club)
ascent aero – helicopter & fixed wing (part 141)


testing center 

about the testing center
how to register


golden pheasant golf club
the landing strip beach club 

band schedule
daily passes & hours
snack shack menu
outside tiki bar
event rental rates


contact us












welcome to
flying w airport & resort
your gateway to new jersey and surrounding area
get in touch with us












when something memorable happens
you need a remarkable place to celebrate
reserve our facility














pool now closed
for the 2021 season.



2024 landing strip beach club pool pass rates now available
2024 landing strip beach club pool pass rates now available
weekday pass does not include weekends, memorial day, july 4th, and labor day

click here for 2024 daily landing strip beach club pool pass weekday rates.
2024 weekday pool pass rates & weekday pass application
fuel is available from 8am - 6pm daily. full service only. please call 609-267-7673 to request fuel.

testing center notice:
testing center open, appointment required
all test applicants must now book appointments using psi's new online platform.
click here for a helpful guide. | click here to go directly to psi.
*walk-in test appointments are no longer offered. we apologize for the inconvenience.*







flying w airport


the flying w is an authorized psi testing center and provides 100ll and jet a fuel, flight school (fixed wing and helicopter) & aircraft maintenance 









the landing strip beach club


our famous airplane-shaped swimming pool is the only swimming pool in the area that has a tiki bar! seasonal or daily pool passes can be purchased.












flying w airport & resort was built in the 1960s by bill whitesell; hence the "w" in its name. mr. whitesell initially envisioned a place to provide air transportation services to those involved in building the alaska pipe line. he also wanted to provide a place where both travelers and local families could dine al fresco in a restaurant that also doubles as a bar and cafe, stay in the quaint flying w motel, and swim in the famous airplane-shaped swimming pool. over the years, the restaurant, lounge and swimming pool have provided enjoyment and wonderful memories to many who still visit.















come visit flying w airport & resort
we’ll guarantee you’ll come back  for more


get in touch



flying w airport & resort
60 fostertown road,medford, nj 08055phone:  609-267-7673


menu
home
about us airport information
pilot alert system


flight training freeflight aviation (fixed wing, part 61 flight school and club)
ascent aero – helicopter & fixed wing (part 141)


testing center about the testing center
how to register


golden pheasant golf club
the landing strip beach club band schedule
daily passes & hours
snack shack menu
outside tiki bar
event rental rates


contact us



social media


 facebook
 instagram







©2025 flying w airport & resort all rights reserved.
privacy policy
website by pronto


 


















