






 



home - r-v industries, inc.
























































































skip to content



       made in the u.s.a.610-273-2457facebook page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new window


r-v industries, inc.
industrial engineering and manufacturing

home industriesaerosol packaging chemicalpressure vessels reactors columns  contract manufacturing engineering servicesarchiving and reverse engineering facility safety improvements on-site support project bandwidth  food and beverage fossil power solutions and equipmentboiler combustion optimization boiler equipment upgrades outage and construction advisory  life sciences nuclear equipment fabrication oil and gaspressure vessels columns and towers equipment skids  paper, boxboard, and nonwoven machinery pharmaceutical  capabilitiesdesign and engineering machining manufacturing turnkey solutions industrial consulting  aboutour mission and values company history information hubindustry updates ebooks and technical literature case studies media gallery  osha recognized safety quality manufacturing meet the experts upcoming events  careersemployment opportunities  

search:







get in touch



 
home industriesaerosol packaging chemicalpressure vessels reactors columns  contract manufacturing engineering servicesarchiving and reverse engineering facility safety improvements on-site support project bandwidth  food and beverage fossil power solutions and equipmentboiler combustion optimization boiler equipment upgrades outage and construction advisory  life sciences nuclear equipment fabrication oil and gaspressure vessels columns and towers equipment skids  paper, boxboard, and nonwoven machinery pharmaceutical  capabilitiesdesign and engineering machining manufacturing turnkey solutions industrial consulting  aboutour mission and values company history information hubindustry updates ebooks and technical literature case studies media gallery  osha recognized safety quality manufacturing meet the experts upcoming events  careersemployment opportunities  









experts in manufacturing 
										
our engineering and manufacturing teams collaborate to provide custom solutions for your specific process requirements.  
										learn more 
										
 




about our company 
							we specialize in designing, building, and installing industrial process equipment throughout the u.s. and worldwide. 
							learn more 
							 



energy progress & innovation conference

the r-v industry power plant equipment group is excited to attend the upcoming epic conference in bismarck, an event with a rich 45-year history that has evolved from a local power plant operations conference to an international gathering.  
										
join us at epic 2025 
							see all events 
							 











get information by








industry











capabilities











information hub


industries we serve


industry diversity is at the core of the foundation of r-v industries. it challenges each member of the team to generate creative solutions to complex problems. why does this matter? siloed thinking, common in single-industry organizations, keeps solutions filtered to what’s been done within that particular sector. our decades of experience show that the best solutions require diverse ideas.
through strategically acquiring manufacturing companies with proven expertise, r-v has integrated their specialized knowledge into our culture of industry diversity to provide better solutions to existing and new customers.









aerosol packaging




aerosol

chemical




chemical

contract manufacturing




contract manufacturing

engineering services




engineering services

food and beverage manufacturing




food and beverage

fossil power




fossil power

life sciences




life sciences

nuclear waste handling




nuclear

oil and gas




oil and gas

paper and nonwovens




paper and nonwovens

pharmaceutical




pharmaceuticalcapabilities we provide


design & engineering





as an engineering and manufacturing company, we design efficiently manufactured industrial solutions. let us help assess your problem and design a solution.





machining





we offer a wide range of machining capabilities from small and large prototype parts, production run parts to large custom vessel-type weldments.





manufacturing





manufacturing excellence supported by 450 certified weld procedures, asme division viii certification, nqa-1 certification, and 14 consecutive years of recognition by osha’s s.h.a.r.p. safety program.





turnkey solutions





a complex project requires a coordinated effort from many suppliers. throughout our history, we have led multi-million dollar projects with challenging vendor, logistics, and lead time demands.





industrial consulting





with a team of technical experts across a wide array of industries, we partner with customers at project conception to deliver an optimized project strategy.


information hub


industry updates




ebook library




case studies




media gallery














industry updatesget information on the latest trends and news shaping your industry, brought to you by the experts at r-v industries.
ebook libraryget access to our ebook library, with beneficial information that spans the industries and professions that r-v industries serves.
case studiesif you’re seeing a problem in your industrial process, learn from our creative solutions in case studies.
media galleryour work, shown in our media gallery, stands for itself amongst nationwide leaders in industrial manufacturing.
visit the hubmeet the expertskyle boyce | r.w. hartnett, sales managerkyle is a highly knowledgeable professional specializing in printing solutions for tablets, capsules, and confectionery products. drawing on his vast experience with hartnett machinery, kyle offers expertise ranging from service-level support to creative problem-solving. his deep industry insights provide unparalleled support and innovative solutions to customers worldwide.mark cooper | paper, boxboard, and nonwovens manageruniquely talented manager who leads our project, parts, and service offerings to these subsections of the paper manufacturing industry. mark’s ability to lead engineering and sales offerings while providing on-site mill installation and evaluation assistance is unique.mark ford | ackley machine corporation, vice-presidentmark ford, a 20-year veteran at ackley, is a key figure in their tablet and capsule printing equipment division. his strong engineering background and creative problem-solving skills have driven numerous innovations in ackley’s machinery. mark’s expertise and ability to develop tailored solutions have made him an invaluable asset in advancing pharmaceutical printing technology.pete koegel | market area managerleading projects in a variety of industries, pete has years of experience in developing manufacturing solutions with a background in welding engineering.mike plesnarski | director of technology & busines developmentas the former owner of an engineering services company, mike brought his engineering expertise to r-v in through the 2013 acquisition of accudraft. the acquisition brings mike’s expertise in mechanical design and experience in metals and conveyor applications.kevin robb | beta star division manageruniquely qualified with sales, manufacturing, and leadership experience, kevin leads the beta star division to create simple and reliable sterilization solutions to research, biotechnology, and pharmaceutical clients.eric stone | genesis packaging technologies division managereric’s experience managing the genesis packaging technologies division gives him the unique ability to coordinate the consulting, testing, service, and manufacturing skills of genesis into a coordinated effort to solve parenteral packaging problems.dave underwood | power generation managerwith 4 decades of experience in power plant equipment, optimization, and fuel conversions, dave is a crucial part of our mission to delivering the best combustion solutions and equipment in the world.chris wuertz | genesis packaging technologies sales manageras a degreed engineer, chris brings a deep technical understanding to his role as the sales manager of genesis. with the rest of the sales team, chris can help you address your parenteral packaging needs for vial integrity testing through the capital investment process.have questions for our team of experts?contact usrecent news


 



mbc aerosol stands out at pack expo 2024

pack expo was a busy four days filled with educating and introducing potential customers to mbc aerosol. our welcoming 930-square-foot…

read more



 



news: r-v makes the fabricator’s 2024 fab 40 list

july 10, 2024 – r-v industries, inc. has once again made it to the prestigious fab 40 list! this recognition…

read more
upcoming events


pack expo – las vegas 2025pack expo las vegas 2025 is set to take place from september 29 to october 1, 2025, at the las vegas convention center. this major event brings together over 30,000…
read moreload more












 
we are leading the way in process equipment engineering and manufacturing, specializing in asme pressure vessels and a full range of equipment in industries throughout the united states and worldwide.
 
our commitment to accessibility
r-v’s privacy policy

contact infoaddress:584 poplar road
honey brook, pa  19344business hours:mon - fri: 8am - 5pm estphone number:610-273-2457find us on:facebook page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowfrequently visited pages about our company careers osha recognized safety contactrecent newsmbc aerosol stands out at pack expo 2024november 15, 2024deep isolation leads third technical workshop for upwards project on universal canister system developmentoctober 30, 2024news: r-v makes the fabricator’s 2024 fab 40 listjuly 10, 2024 








						© r-v industries, inc - 2025 all rights reserved.
					


home industriesaerosol packaging chemicalpressure vessels reactors columns  contract manufacturing engineering servicesarchiving and reverse engineering facility safety improvements on-site support project bandwidth  food and beverage fossil power solutions and equipmentboiler combustion optimization boiler equipment upgrades outage and construction advisory  life sciences nuclear equipment fabrication oil and gaspressure vessels columns and towers equipment skids  paper, boxboard, and nonwoven machinery pharmaceutical  capabilitiesdesign and engineering machining manufacturing turnkey solutions industrial consulting  aboutour mission and values company history information hubindustry updates ebooks and technical literature case studies media gallery  osha recognized safety quality manufacturing meet the experts upcoming events  careersemployment opportunities  navigation2025








go to top






































































