


the writings on the stall













the writings on the stall




welcome.
you are currently visiting the writings on the stall, an online repository of writings found on restroom walls. more.

navigation

about

archive

men's, unisex and women's restrooms


feeds: rss 1.0 | rss 2.0
submit a writing
thanks are due

search



hosted/powered

hosted by dreamhost
powered by movable type

et cetera

bathroom reading series
technorati profile



writing 359, via joel
brunswick junior high school
brunswick, maine, usa 04011
men's restroom, 1st floor
fuck me suck me,
make me bleed.
kinky sex,
is what i need.
i read this above a urinal one day back in junior high.  i'll never foget it.  nor will i forget how hard it is to pee while laughing hysterically, or the strange looks people gave me when i walked out, still chuckling to myself.
writing 358, via bubba
hotel lobby restroom
illinois usa
men's restroom, 1st floor
some come here to sit and think,
some come here to shit and stink,
but i come here to itch my balls,
and read the writing on the walls.
i thought this was a funny poem...
writing 357, via shaggy
veronica hall, alvernia college
reading, pennsylvania usa 19607
men's restroom, in the basement/dungeon
on the ceiling above the toilet seat.
your shit must feel real good if your looking up here.
i looked at this writing every day of my freshman year.  no idea who put it there.
writing 356, via loren
tara anglican school for girls
sydney, nsw australia 2151
women's restroom, 2nd floor
if you tinkle and you sprinkle,
be a sweetie wipe the seatie
just thought it was a cute rhyme for a chicks bathroom.
writing 355, via sharrell
dreamgirls strip club
minneapolis, minnesota 55404
women's restroom, 1st and only floor
brenda fucked my man
she fucked mine too!
who's your man?
jayvon- i'll kick her ass
i'm gonna kick your ass-jayvon's my man's name!!!!!
this last has to be from brenda herself:
stop flattening my tires you stoopid hoes- u see hes not no good
and under that:
and now i'm fuckin him! trish
and finally:
jokes on all of you- he gave my clamidia!!! betsie
betsie was the only female bouncer in the place, and everyone was scared of her — so they barred jayvon (who really was sleeping with half of the dancers) and all stripped happily ever after!
writing 354, via mr. business
sportsmans' park restrooms
idaho falls, id 83404
men's restroom, 1st floor
for a good conversation, meet here at 2:50pm on july 10.
look for a maroon van.
known locally as "peter park" because the homosexual perverts (not to say all homosexuals are perverts, just the twisted, child molesting ones) like to meet there, i found myself in that bathroom, on that day, at 2:47 pm.  i cannot describe the abject horror i felt.  i peed on myself in my haste to exit the bathroom, and sure enough, a maroon minivan pulled up at 2:49 and a suspicious pervert got out and checked the bathroom.  if you have ever seen dumb and dumber, you can't even imagine the terror of the truckstop bathrooom scene.
writing 353, via diane
john yeats middle school
suffolk, virginia usa 23435
women's restroom, 1st and only
killing for peace is like fucking for chastity.
writing 352, via diane
john yeats middle school
suffolk, virginia usa 23435
women's restroom, 1st and only floor
sticks and stones may break my bones,
but whips and chains excite me,
so... throw me down,
and tie me up and show me that you like me.
i saw it and i loved it.
writing 351, via tottie
ohio usa
women's restroom, 1st floor
i had sex in this stall!
i noticed it while i was on the toilet and it really grossed me out... i think it meant that that chick had sex in the stall.
writing 350, via jen
clear run intermediate school
tobyhanna, pa, usa 18466
women's restroom, 2nd floor
here i sit i'm at a loss
trying to shit out taco sauce
i know i'm gonna drop a load
i only hope i don't explode
this only stayed for a little while, but it made me laugh.
gotta love those cafeteria tacos!
writing 349, via buckethead
rest stop
somewhere in ohio usa
men's restroom, 1st floor
you are at a 45 degree angle.
this inscription was located in the bottom front corner of the stall, in small enough print that you had to bend over to read it.
writing 348, via alx
work
tucson, arizona usa 85715
men's restroom, 3rd
jesus saves!
-below-
yeah, but moses invests.
brilliant in its subtlety.
writing 347, via jacklyn
oak ridge high school
the woodlands, texas usa 77382
women's restroom, 1st and only floor
jessica loves michael
(below.)
so it was u!!!
apparently someone was cheating on his girlfriend...and she found out!
writing 346, via rayray
coop h.s.
new haven, connecticut usa 06510
women's restroom, 3rd floor
in the handicap stall, the right-hand corner by the door,
suck my balls
and underneath it, in different handwriting,
if you have balls then why are you in the girl's bathroom?
i guess the person who wrote the reply hadn't been in coop long enough to hear tales of "the boom-boom room."
writing 345, via rayray
a building belonging to yale university
new haven, connecticut usa 06510
women's restroom, basement floor
mmm... pussy
and right underneath it;
maturity... ain't it grand?
i guess yalies are no different from everyone else.
writing 344, via zack
mr. p potty
calgary, alberta canada v2p lr5
men's restroom, dirt ground porto potty, (slighty elevated)
i see you taking that shit!
now put it back.
my presumptions would be that when you are being secretly observed doing your business it's nice to know that the onlooker is at least kind enough to let you know about it.
writing 343, via tim
port-a-can
jackson, mississippi usa 39641
unisex restroom, ground floor
a womans ass and a wine glass will leave a man scratching a broke ass.
wrote by my dad as words of wisdom to all us young guys.
writing 342, via anonymous
lowe's hardware
waycross, georgia usa 31501
men's restroom, 1st floor
these colors never run.
written in black magic marker below an attempt to draw a u.s. flag, also in black magic marker, on a beige background, with far too few stars and only six stripes.
writing 341, via anonymous
the top
gainesville, florida usa 32601
men's restroom, 1st floor
ramesh
sucks
at
life?!?
written in an odd yellow glittery permanent marker.
writing 340, via anonymous
downtown library
gainesville, florida usa 32601
men's restroom, 1st floor
jesus clones you
apparently someone took issue with the proselytizing.
writing 339, via katrina
concordia university
buetow music building
st. paul, minnesota usa 55104
women's restroom, 1st floor
i love brian!
apparently not enough to keep from defacing a bathroom stall.
the second was written underneath the first, in different handwriting that looked like a professor's.
writing 338, via laura
jackpot
raleigh, north carolina usa 27606
women's restroom, 1st floor
a kiss is two questions answered at once.
writing 337, via dik
construction site
irvine, california usa
unisex restroom, 1st floor
don't eat the white mint.
this was on the wall of a "porta-potty" on a construction site.
writing 336, via joanna
university college dublin
library building
dublin ireland 01
women's restroom, 2nd floor
written on the left wall:
*toilet tennis*
look right
written on the right wall:
look left
this could keep you going for awhile!
writing 335, via david
outside main palace
port-o-potty
tikrit iraq 09036
unisex restroom
everybody pisses on the floor. be a hero and shit on the ceiling
got to love the minds of our nation's soldiers. so inventive.
janitor's note: wow, our first entry from a soldier in iraq (?)!
writing 334, via lance
administrative
spokane, washington usa
men's restroom, 1st floor
fatty mcgee, your the fatest
huh?
explanation from the daily farmer:
this is a reference to an adam sandler cd [they're all gonna laugh at you] bit about a fat kid who wheezes so loud when he climbs stairs that the fire dept. thinks that it is a fire alarm. when they realize that it is just the kid, they say... "oh fatty mcgee, you're that fattest!"
writing 333, via sarah
humptys resturant
calgary, alberta canada 102-920
women's restroom, 1st floor
i was here but now i'm not i sat right here and smoked some pot, i'm writing this to make a point, lifes a bitch so smoke a joint
i agree!
writing 332, via doug
hastings college
music building
hastings, nebraska usa 37076
men's restroom, main floor
written on tank next to handle:
please wiggle handel
written below it:
if i do, will it wiggle bach?
being a music student at the time, i found this to be clever and have always remembered it.
writing 331, via crazy ed
georgia southern university
henderson library
statesboro, georgia usa 30460
men's restroom, bottom floor
make me a taco bitch!
below writing in a different pen:
okay, you're a taco bitch. happy?
when you leave out the comma the meaning is not the same. english majors tend to remind us of this.
writing 330, via joe
circuit court montgomery county
rockville, maryland usa 20850
men's restroom, 1st floor
why look here-the jokes
in your hand
located at a urinal
writing 329, via tammy
shari's restaurant
shoreline, washington usa 98133
women's restroom, only floor
here i sit all broken hearted
tried to shit but only farted
then one day i took a chance
tried to fart and shit my pants
saw the first half already posted on here... has been one of my favorite stall writings for a few years now.
writing 328, via natalie
vines high school
plano, texas usa
women's restroom, 1st floor
here i sit
broken-hearted
came to shit
but only farted
i laughed so hard i almost fell in...
writing 327, via arokthis
university of new hampshire
whittimore center arena
durham, new hampshire usa 03824
women's restroom, main floor
my copy of "how to serve man" is missing. has anyone seen it? jen
this was found just after a meeting of science fiction geeks had left. there is a story that boils down to this: aliens show up, end all wars, make everyone healthy and strong. someone notices a book all of the aliens carry and asks what it is, hears "how to serve man" and asks for translated copy. turns out to be a cookbook.
writing 326, via ken
barracks, sheppard air force base 
wichita falls, texas usa
men's restroom, 1st floor
on the wall of the stall:
anybody can piss on the floor..to inpress me, be a hero and shit on the ceiling
and someone had thrown something brown up on the ceiling and then left this message:
ok. i'm a hero, now where's my medal!
this was back in 1971 and i thought it was funny as hell...
writing 325, via geoff
university of east anglia
science block
norwich uk nr4 7tj
men's restroom, 1st floor
i was visiting uea (university of east anglia) and found this gem on the wall of the stall.
don't beam me up scottie, i'm having a sh
the thought of jim squatting on the transporter pad just made me ache with laughter.
writing 324, via roxanne
reggies sandwich factory
barrie, ontario canada n6e 1r7
women's restroom, 2nd floor
have you found that sex lately has been a pain in the ass?
well turn around! you're doing it the wrong way!!
written below:
no you're in the wrong bathroom
the meaning is obvious, however these were stalls known for sexual conquests.
writing 323, via eddie
australia square
sydney, australia
men's restroom, 14th floor
free chile
underneath:
with every hamburger
writing 322, via rick
massachusetts institute of technology
stratton student center
cambridge, massachusetts usa 02139
men's restroom, ground floor
america lost its viginity in viet nam.
... and got the clap too.
hey, i got the clap in viet nam.
you should watch who you go out with.
so should america!
circa 1972. each line in a different hand. took several weeks to complete.
writing 321, via tim
franklin high school, 300 building
franklin, virginia usa 23851
men's restroom
why are you staring at the wall.... the joke is in your hand
creative for teenagers.
writing 320, via the mad shrubber
port-a-potty
milton, florida usa 32583
unisex restroom, floor: ground
this toilet paper is like john wayne. tough as nails and dont take shit off nobody.
a classic, and one of the best in my opinion.
writing 319, via metrognome
pasadena college
pasadena, california usa 91755
men's restroom
a man must have great ambition in life to have to write his name on the wall of a bathroom stall
i noticed this writen on the wall after i tagged my name... made me think.
writing 318, via shoopie
food 4 less
carson, california usa 90243
women's restroom, 1st floor
on a sign that said "please wash your hands completely clean" someone wrote:
how? there's no soap!
damn cheap bathrooms.
writing 317, via joe
george washington bus terminal
new york, new york usa 10033
men's restroom, 2nd floor
written in a red sharpie:
"god is dead" - fred
written in a black sharpie:
fred is dead,....god!
probably means an atheist with no invisable [sic] means of support. :-)
my guess is that it don't pay to piss off god in the urinal.
[note from a stall visitor: "fred" is referring to frederick nieztche, the philosopher, who said, "god is dead."]
writing 316, via ralph
outhouse - in a city park
charlotte, michigan usa 48823
unisex restroom
this is a tee pee
for a pee pee.
not a wig wam
to beat your tom-tom.
i read this back in the 1950's when i was in grade school.  it took a few years before i would grasp the meaning of it.
writing 315, via chuck
polaris mall
port-a-john during construction
columbus, ohio usa 43023
men's restroom
osha regulation 42-2 : all turds over 6 inches must be hand lowered.
safety is always an issue on large construction sites.
the writings on the stall archive
more entries located in the men's, unisex and women's archives.


© 2001–2007 jonathan horak



