



polyamory society


 

serving the polyamorous community

 




the bonobo story











introduction to polyamory


history of the society


mission of the society


polyfamily advocacy division


polyamory education division


polyamory legal division


polyamory society membership


members section


self improvement


polyamory on tv


polyamory pages on facebook


polyamory groups on facebook


polyamory podcast


poly pioneers - historical figures in the polyamory movement


polyweekly.com


loving more nonprofit


poly community news


local polyamory support groups index


polyamory poetry page


new relationship energy index


polyamory dating


events index


join poly mailing lists


family & friends alliance


polyactivist network


poly web links


contractual agreements index


spiritual network


poly commitment page


braided
						commitment band


compersion index


coming out stories


grant programs index


loving more - polyamory educational webinars


grant programs index


polyamory language page


glossary


press contact information


site map


notify me of site updates!















welcome! 
the polyamory society is a nonprofit organization which promotes and supports the interest of individuals of multipartner relationships and families. currently the society provides information and is building membership. this page is a general outline of what we would like to see provided to polyamorists and their families. the society welcomes input and participation. so take a look around and send e-mail if you have any comments. also e-mail us if you have a service or information to provide or would like to join. 
check out our new additions...
i love you and you and you - end of monogamy

loving more polyamory events

poly big fun announced for 2022 [25th (silver) anniversary] - in bastrop, texas

polyamory: married & dating on showtime - thank you - showtime!!!

hi! i'm minx, and i'm polyamorous

loving more nonprofit polyamory webinar series past webinar recordings

polyfamily child custody case ends after 2 year battle...

polyamorist contract for cohabitation

relationship agreement
tools for healthy polyamorous relationships
polyamory & communal economics
understanding opposition to polyamory
making room for a third
an open letter to the press 
			 

			
we support the right of all people, gay or straight,
			to have marriage rights now!

 







 













			 
			the polyamory society
copyright 1997 - 2025 by the polyamory society, inc
			* the polyamory society is a registered trademark of the polyamory society, inc.
			the polyamory society is a 501(c)(3) tax-deductible, charitable education & support non-profit corporation. 

email




 
 




