











 rod's slide rules



rod lovett's
slide rules 


for over 300 years, since its invention in 1620 by william oughtred, the slide rule played an 
ever-increasingly important role in the development of commerce, taxation, 
weaponry, navigation, astronomy and engineering.  becoming extremely sophisticated,
the slide rule penetrated all branches of technology and by the middle of the 
20th century millions of rules had been produced.
during this time the slide rule took many forms.  the linear slide rules with
lengths ranging from 3 to 40 inches, circular slide rules, long scale slide rules 
of the tubular and grid-iron forms and watch type calculators.  by 1968 they had reached their zenith
in terms of refinement and popularity.
and then by 1975 they were gone.
displaced by the development of the micro-processor, in the history of science and technology never had an invention of such importance
disappeared so quickly. 
on the following pages is a selection of my rules which demonstrate the slide rule 
manufacturer's art in, mainly, the 20th century.
to observe these wonderful artefacts,to hold them,feel them, manipulate them, and know
that for 300 years they were present in every corner of technological development 
is indeed to feel privileged of having lived during their time.



my slide rules
e-bay slide rule search
top rule search
links
literature search
 


net search
ebay search history
net resources
background picture
article popularity


isrg archive search
slide rule forum archive search
guide to collecting
herman's archive
archive of collections


site statistics

uksrc rarities
classic slide rules

os rarities
long scale rules


groups archive search
os newsletter & bulletinand uksrc newsletter search
slide rule sightings
hyperbolic archive
major makers


electronic archive
stadia archive
chemical archive
individual portrait
isrg photo-archive
 


  
  
wolf's simulators
  
  
 



 


 two organisations dedicated to the preservation of the
                       memory of one of the most influential devices ever invented.
why not join us?
                       united kingdom slide rule circle                oughtred society
                 
 



 
		


influentialauthors






