








enrights solicitors | lawyers & notary public - maitland nsw














































skip to content






 









arnold lawyers has merged with enrights solicitors and has relocated to 467 high st, maitland nsw 2320 









homehistorywills & estatespowers of attorney & enduring guardiansproperty & conveyancingbusiness leasesfamily & de facto lawcriminal lawdebt recoverynotary publiccontacthomehistorywills & estatespowers of attorney & enduring guardiansproperty & conveyancingbusiness leasesfamily & de facto lawcriminal lawdebt recoverynotary publiccontacthomehistorywills & estatespowers of attorney & enduring guardiansproperty & conveyancingbusiness leasesfamily & de facto lawcriminal lawdebt recoverynotary publiccontact




 




 





supplying legal services to  maitland & the hunter valley since 1896 
							enrights solicitors  
							

 


quality legal services for individuals, families & businesses 
							enrights solicitors  
							
 


specialising in wills, estates, property & conveyancing services 
							enrights solicitors  
							
 


registered notary public & fellow of the college of notaries 
							enrights solicitors  
							
 

arrow_left
arrow_right





 




homeenrightssol 

welcome to enrights solicitors
maitland’s trusted & experienced legal firm

enrights solicitors is a new south wales legal firm. our offices in high street maitland are situated in the heart of the hunter valley.
in maitland, the name enrights has been synonymous with high quality legal services for over 120 years. established in 1896, we are one of the oldest continually operating law firms in the hunter valley.
our experienced and respected staff offer a range of timely and cost-effective legal services.
call us on (02) 4933 6344 to discuss your legal matter.

our legal serviceslegal services
offered at our practice
wills &
estates
enrights solicitors has a strong history of providing families with practical and timely assistance in preparing their wills and making plans for their future. our solicitors have the skill and discretion to assist you to plan your legacy with confidence and peace of mind.
powers of attorney & enduring guardians
we  can assist you to appoint a power of attorney enabling someone to look after your financial affairs, as well as an enduring guardian who can make decisions about your medical treatment, lifestyle and personal issues, if you are unable to do so in the future.
property & conveyancing
buying or selling a property? enrights solicitors have years of experience in handling the practicalities and complexities of conveyancing in a timely and cost-effective manner. our goal is to make sure your settlement runs smoothly by identifying potential issues before they arise.
business
leases
it is extremely important to obtain legal advice and consider a wide range of factors before committing to a business lease. enrights solicitors can act for both landlords and tenants in retail or commercial leases and assist you with all aspects of your business lease.
family &
de facto law
our knowledgeable and compassionate solicitors can assist you with navigating all aspects of family and de facto law including binding financial agreements, divorce, property settlement, parenting orders and leaving an abusive relationship.
criminal
law
enrights highly skilled and experienced solicitors can provide representation for all criminal matters and will ensure you receive the best outcome in a timely manner, at the right cost. we also retain experienced barristers who can represent you in complicated and complex matters.
debt
recovery
enrights solicitors have extensive experience providing legal advice in debt recovery. whether you are having difficulty recovering money owed to you or are struggling to pay your outstanding debts, our solicitors can help you assess all available options and negotiate a solution.
notary
public
a notary can witness, authenticate and provide certificates about documents involving a notarial intervention, so that they can be used overseas. our principal mr paddy curran is a fellow of the australian and new zealand college of notaries and a member of the notaries’ society of nsw.
what our valued clients have to say


thank you so much for your sage advice all the way through, it has been a pleasure.
sandra
a personal thank you for all the thought, care and hard work performed on my behalf in retrieving settlement. i have no doubt that without your help the money would never have been recovered.
patty
dear staff at enrights, we would like to thank you for the wonderful work you have done for us all. you are all so professional, easy to relate with and so particular and precise. you have all made what could be a daunting process seamless and easy. all of this at a sad and difficult time. ‘thank you’ is a word that seems inadequate. our appreciation will always be in our hearts.
ruth & husband
a personal thank you for all of the thought, care and hard work performed on my behalf … without your help … this would not have been achieved.
pat b
i am very happy to say that enrights has been used by me on three occasions buying and selling homes. although i live in sydney and enrights is in maitland we have had three very successful transactions. i would recommend enrights happily.
leonie
on behalf of my sisters and brothers i would like to express our sincere appreciation for your excellent work handling our mother’s will. anne-marie and i greatly appreciated your professional and friendly manner throughout the process. thank you again for your wonderful service.
lynette & anne-marie
thank you for your support and guidance during a difficult time for me. i appreciate the way you managed things and the outcomes which were achieved because of that.
heather
thank you for all your advice and assistance in the drawing up of my will. i really appreciate the manner in which you talk to people and fully explain things.
noreenfounded by w j enright in 1896
one of maitland’s oldest legal practices
enrights solicitors was established by walter john (w j) enright in 1896.
w j enright graduated from the university of sydney, was fluent in french, italian and german and also learnt two local aboriginal dialects. he would eventually become mayor of maitland (1906) and chairman of the maitland hospital board (1912).
our history in maitlandneed help with a legal matter?

have questions about our practice? contact us

contact uscontact us



 
 





 

 

 

 

 
 
 





		©  enrights solictors | all rights reserved | site by kurl web 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link





























go to top




