


market research, business trends, industry data, statistics, forecasts - plunkett research, ltd.






















































































please wait while the search results are loading...








plunkett research,® ltd.
our market research = your smart decisions



subscribers login


0








what are you looking for?















toggle navigation



industry coverage
custom market research
solutions/catalogs
media
plans & pricing
how to buy
about
news
contact & faqs
 













our market research = your smart decisions








 
custom market research projects:
fast, accurate, any industry, any region of the world. surveys, market sizing, competitive intelligence, trends analysis.

 


really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly…the team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  thanks again for the quick turnaround, we really appreciate the partnership.

hilton hotels










 
industry research database subscriptions:
affordable, easy-to-use database with industry analysis, statistics, company profiles, forecasts and much more.  perfect for strategy, finance, marketing and education users.

 


plunkett research online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. it provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable.

wendy stotts, manager. carlson companies-information center








 





organizations that have used our research and products










































 




our solutions






 


custom research
our experienced team conducts competitive intelligence studies, surveys (both b2b and b2c) and special market research assignments for top corporations and institutions, anywhere in the world. 

more details

 



 


online subscriptions
vital business data, trends analysis, industry statistics, market research and companies. covers the world’s leading industries. top libraries, corporations and government agencies subscribe to plunkett research online.

more details

 



 


reportscorporate benchmarks
company-specific financial benchmark and operating metrics (kpi) reports. each company is benchmarked to its industry and to its peers. each report is about 65 pages of vital data. available on each of 4,000 major companies. updated frequently.

more details

 



 


reportsindustry analytics
industry-specific reports containing market sizing, revenues history and forecasts, analysis of financial averages, and profiles of top companies. each report is about 70 pages. available on each of 500+ industries.  updated frequently.

more details

 



 


industry almanacs
our award-winning, industry-specific almanacs offer vital insights, trends analysis, industry statistics and profiles of leading firms. available on each of about 40 broad business sectors. updated annually. ideal for libraries, academics and researchers.

more details

 






list of industries we cover with market research, sector analysis, forecasts, trends analysis and statistics 




datasets, downloads for hedge funds and analysts 





 






testimonials







one more fine example of the fine publications offered by plunkett research. this reference book is particularly timely given the considerable interest in biotech and genetics from scientific, investment and entrepreneurial audiences…will be an excellent source for nearly any kind of library.

american reference books annual


 




the simple and straight-forward structure and presentation of information is a real asset, making for very intuitive application….plunkett’s biotech and genetics industry almanac is an essential addition to any biotechnology executive’s bookshelf.

yali friedman, biotech/biomedical editor, about.com


 




for business researchers and job seekers, this almanac provides an overview of leading biotechnology firms and descriptions of emerging technology… the company and industry overviews make this a worthwhile addition to business and career reference collections.

choice magazine


 




…offers profiles of 400 leading biotech companies, plus overviews of trends in biotech, technology, finances and careers which will help readers understand the uses and implications of such technologies as tissue engineering, recombinant dna and genetically engineered agricultural products…. the cd-rom contains corporate profiles (of 400 leading biotech companies) and executive names by title, and can be used for mail merge and financial charts.

scitech book news


 




…this audience should consider this reference essential: it analyzes the latest statistics on retail industry growth and trends, covering everything from malls and superstores to mail-order businesses, and presents in-depth profiles on companies which provide keys to overall industry operations. an important reference.

midwest review of books


 




…this volume is a comprehensive, one-stop source for researchers of all types…this almanac provides great facts and great comparisons in an easy-to-understand format. prepare to be amazed.”

american reference books annual


 




your research, aggregation of data and publications are excellent. they’re 1 of 3 or 4 “go-to’s” for hard data with nuance and relevance.

matt jackson, ceo, fintech


 




thank you for all of the great information! our subscription to pro is going great. we love it and all the resources provided.

terri combs—material selector, tulsa city-county library


 




i just wanted to say thank you again for the amazing work you and your associates completed for us! the extra files you compiled were absolutely wonderful and i applaud you for recognizing the extra potential that this project had!

ps seasonings & spices, privately-held specialty foods manufacturer and distributor


 




i would like to thank you for developing an exhaustive research report as per the scope of your consulting agreement with welspun usa. the report was immensely helpful to understand the global healthcare market and its requirements for welspun’s business needs.

welspun, world-leading textiles firm


 










what data challenge can we help you solve today?


										data needed:*
										




										first name:*
										




										last name:*
										




										email address:*
										



country:

 



organization:

corporategovernmentlibraryacademicsmall business/startup



job title:

marketing or salesother management/executivelibrarianprofessorstudent





yes, plunkett research may email me privacy policy






please click here to submit the form:
submit









 






trending data








5 major trends shaping the solar power, wind power, and renewable energy industry:  insights for investors, consultants and marketing professionals in 2025

credit: istock.com/kynny
renewable energy has become a cornerstone of the global transition toward sustainability, with solar and wind energy leading the charge.  this article […]
read more





 





plunkett’s solar power, wind power & renewable energy industry market research and industry analysis 2025

plunkett research, ltd., a houston, texas-based market research firm, has completed its latest research on the solar power, wind power & renewable energy […]
read more





 





9 major trends shaping the retail industry:  insights for investors, consultants and marketing professionals in 2025

credit: istock.com/lechatnoir
the retail industry in 2025 is defined by unprecedented shifts driven by technology, consumer expectations and global market dynamics. from ecommerce to […]
read more





 





plunkett’s retail industry market research and industry analysis 2025

plunkett research, ltd., a houston, texas-based market research firm, has completed its latest research on the retail industry.  (see: https://www.plunkettresearch.com/industries/retailing-stores-market-research/).  this revised and […]
read more





 





12 major trends shaping the energy & utilities industry: insights for investors, consultants and marketing professionals in 2025

credit: istock.com/ferrantraite
as an investor, consultant, or marketing professional navigating the energy industry, understanding its rapid evolution is essential. the energy landscape is being […]
read more





 





plunkett’s energy & utilities industry market research and industry analysis 2025

plunkett research, ltd., a houston, texas-based market research firm, has completed its latest research on the energy & utilities industry.  (see: https://www.plunkettresearch.com/industries/energy-utilities-market-research/).  this […]
read more





 





7 major trends shaping the banking, mortgages, and credit industry :  insights for investors, consultants  and marketing professionals in 2025

credit: istock.com/zoranm
even more information on this industry is available, check out our banking industry center!
plunkett’s banking, mortgages & credit industry ebook, latest edition
the banking, […]
read more





 





plunkett’s banking, mortgages & credit industry market research and industry analysis 2025

plunkett research, ltd., a houston, texas-based market research firm, has completed its latest research on the banking, mortgages & credit industry.  (see: https://www.plunkettresearch.com/industries/banking-mortgages-market-research/).  […]
read more





 





10 major trends shaping the insurance industry: insights for investors, consultants and marketing professionals in 2025

credit: istock.com/shironosov
the insurance industry is navigating through transformative trends that affect everything from underwriting and claims processing to global market expansion. for investors, […]
read more





 





plunkett’s insurance industry market research and industry analysis 2025

plunkett research, ltd., a houston, texas-based market research firm, has completed its latest research on the insurance industry.  (see: https://www.plunkettresearch.com/industries/insurance-risk-management-market-research/).  this revised and […]
read more





 


view more articles




 





plunkett research is frequently quoted by the world's leading media and news outlets



























 




plunkett research statistics






5,000+
industry reports




36,000+
companies profiled




500+
industries analyzed






 
	﻿





services
pricing plans
custom research
 

company
about us
news
contact & help
site map
site map xml



social media
copyright ©, plunkett research, ltd.






legal
privacy policy
terms of use
disclaimer of warranties
 photo credits: all photos are licensed from istock/getty images






sign up for industry data and trends announcements

email address

subscribe for free



















copyright © , plunkett research, ltd. all rights reserved.


                do not use this site unless you agree to the terms of use. while plunkett research, ltd. (“prl”) has made an effort to obtain the data presented on this site from sources deemed reliable, it may contain errors or inaccuracies.  prl makes no warranties, expressed or implied, regarding the data contained herein.
            


                no ai training allowed:  without in any way limiting the publisher’s exclusive rights under copyright, any use of this site or its content to “train” generative or other artificial intelligence (ai) technologies is expressly prohibited without specific written permission. plunkett research, ltd. reserves all rights to this site and its content for generative ai training and development of machine learning language models.
            


































