


city boxers--finest quality boxer shorts






































                  privacy statement
              



                  return policy
              







                  measurement charts
              


 
                  wanna help?
              
















     downtime
  

		we will not be taking orders from this site for a period of time. sorry for the inconvenience.

		we will be closed from 1:00 p.m. our time on
		sunday, january 5, 2025 until noon on
		sunday, february 23, 2025.
	

more info



              providing excellent boxer shorts on the web since 1996
          

              if this is your first visit to city boxers, boy are you in for
              a treat!
          

              warning: city boxers is not your ordinary boxer short web site.
          

              at city boxers you are in charge. you choose how you want
              your boxers made. with tens of thousands of possible choice
              combinations, i sure hope you like choice as much as i do.
          

              choice is great, but, this is not what we are known for. our boxer shorts
              are extraordinarily well made and more comfortable than anything you will
              ever wear. if you are a confirmed boxer short wearer, don't miss out on
              this opportunity to try the best! if, on the other hand, you are contemplating
              a switch to boxer shorts, our boxers will give you the best possible
              impression of boxer shorts.
          

              maybe you will even become a boxer short fanatic like me!
          


              🌃 made in the usa 
                  (by us in the state of maine)


              🌇 the highest quality 100% cotton fabrics
          

              🌃 generous, 3-panel designs
(you will see a lot of hyperlinks
                  like the one above, where	the '3-panel designs' section of the statement is in
                  red. this is clickable to get to more information about the highlighted subject.)
              


              🌇 large 5/8-inch fly button
              
                  (we can also create your boxers without the button, with a pearl snap
                  instead of the button, or even without the fly opening).
              


              🌃 you can choose the type of waistband you want
              (plush inside-exposed 1-1/2-inch wide waistbands or
                  fabric-covered 1-1/2-inch wide waistbands)
              


              🌇 you can choose the length of your boxer shorts
              (3-, 4-, 5- or 7-inch inseams)


              🌃 forty sizes from 23-xs through 55-4x
          

              🌇 incredibly informative and easy-to-navigate web site
              
                  (do browse around here--there is more information here than you can shake
                  a stick at--whatever that means!)
              


              🌃 secure order processing
          

              🌇 excellent customer service
          

              🌃 reasonable prices and shipping charges
          

              all of the boxers created here at city boxers are cut and sewn
              to your exact specifications. since we cut your boxers individually,
              each pair can be cut to more exacting tolerances. and, we can offer
              precision sizing for you 
              (no one else is going to offer you 40 different sizes!) and
              optional fly fasteners 
              (buttons, snaps, no fastener, no fly). if you have never shopped
              here before, you may want to check our how to shop at city boxers pop-up
              page.
          




              great 60-square cloth fabrics
          






              024 - white
          

              this style is by far our best seller. this fabric is a 60 thread per inch square
              cloth that is of medium weight with excellent durability. great, inexpensive boxer
              short that is sure to please.
          

              click on the image above to see a larger swatch and links to larger
              pictures of these fine boxer shorts. click
              
                  here
              
              to go to the page where you can find all of our 60-square cloth boxer shorts.
          


              gorgeous portuguese flannels
          






              097 - white stewart flannel
          

              another variant of the famous royal stewart tartan. this one has white as the
              predominant color, rather than red as in the royal stewart, and black as in the
              black stewart. these are still portuguese yarn-dyed flannel of a very high
              quality. soft, plyable and durable.
          

              click on the image above to see a larger swatch and links to larger
              pictures of these fine boxer shorts. click
              
                  here
              
              to go to the page where you can find all of our portuguese flannel boxer shorts.
          





          this page, and all contents, are ©
          
          b&l associates--city boxers llp,
          bangor, maine, u.s.a.
          all rights reserved.
      



