




act six - degrees of change
















































 


















menu






about



who we are


our team


board of directors


careers


get involved


financials


contact





programs



act six


seed internships


seed teachers





news




events




impact



outcomes


research


alumni at work





partners



program partners


foundation funders


sponsors




donate










college success
act six





final class selected
act six is a leadership development and college scholarship program that brings together diverse cadres of emerging leaders who want to use their college education to make a difference on campus and in their home communities.





we are no longer recruiting but scholars are still on campus
see the press release











current scholar
my amazing expedition experience
by josiah tiblow thirty-three strangers? in the woods? for three days? a month before the degrees of change summer expedition, many things ran through my mind. from the nerves of being away from home without communication to the outside, to the uncertainty of not knowing…
read story




 


a proven model
for over two decades, act six has connected local affiliates, colleges, and emerging young leaders. to date, nearly 1,500 diverse scholars have received full-need, full-tuition scholarships at universities across the country.
degrees of change knows the act six model works, and we are building on its success in tacoma-seattle to expand cohort-based, leadership development programming within high-demand college to career pathways. 






act six outcomes




91%
students of color, 90% first generation or low-income, with 70 languages spoken




81%
graduate within 6-years, 12 points higher than rate for all students at partner colleges




88%
employed within one year of graduation, compared with 77% nationally




69%
return to their home communities, where 74% volunteer













i am a student at pacific lutheran university majoring in computer science and sociology. i was born in kenya and moved to america with my family . . . if you told me then that i would be pursuing these two majors in college now—i would not have believed you.









davine mungai
             act six scholar, class of 2027 






scholars are still on campus
we remain committed to the act six scholars still enrolled in our partner institutions. there are nearly 400 scholars on campus across the national network. our goal has always been to support our students through college completion and to prepare them for successful careers.
if you have questions about how act six is currently supporting scholars on campus, please contact your local affiliate by region:

chicago: a’niya thomas, pursue scholars
indianapolis: renee pitzulo, shepherd community center
minneapolis-st. paul: joshua gillespie & tanesha clayton, urban ventures
portland-salem: julie reeves & felicia tripp-folsom, the contingent
spokane: alexis nicholson, degrees of change
tacoma-seattle: alexis nicholson, degrees of change
yakima valley: mayra quintero & lindsay boswell, yakima valley community foundation








young leaders need community
the final act six class will graduate by spring 2028. please consider giving a gift to support a current scholar through graduation.
support a scholar









sign up for our e-news




































contact us
1102 commerce st, ste 400
po box 1573
tacoma, wa 98401 | directions
253-444-0004



about us
degrees of change is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization that prepares diverse, homegrown leaders to succeed in college and career in order to build more vibrant and equitable communities.


social


























        © 2025 degrees of change. all rights reserved. website design and development by sitecrafting.
    








*important act six update*read the press release 
+







