



	fly fishing guide service / northern california / southern oregon


























loading...






















local guiding


guide service

guide team
current fishing report
online booking
make a payment
destination map



california

lower sac
trinity river
upper sac
fall river
mccloud river
pit river
hat creek
burney creek
yuba river
lower feather river
lost sierra
klamath river
lassen national park
north coast
lake oroville
delta stripers
delta bass



oregon

upper rogue
coastal oregon
wood/williamson



communities we serve

redding, ca
red bluff, ca
mt shasta city, ca
fall river mills, ca
burney, ca
weaverville, ca
sacramento, ca
medford/ashland, or
gold beach, or




learn to fly fish
spey

klamath spey camps
winter spey stays
lower sac trout spey
trinity river
klamath river
upper rogue
california's north coast


more

instagram feed
youtube videos
email newsletter
fly club page
hosted travel
rates & policies
make a payment
online reviews
leave us a review


contact

















local guiding

northern california
southern oregon













learn to fly fish

start off right
all gear is provided

learn more












spey

guide trips
spey camps
trout spey



















trust your next fly fishing trip to us!

                    the guide team at confluence outfitters has the expertise, local knowledge and versatility to make your next fly fishing trip in northern california or southern oregon a trip to remember!
                    our diverse guide staff can deliver a trip tailored to your interests on one or more of our local fisheries at any time of year.
                

                    we guide the best trout and steelhead destinations in northern california and southern oregon. 
                    the most famous destinations include the sacramento, trinity, klamath, mccloud, fall river, and the rogue river, but there are many more.
                    many of our guides have multiple decades of experience crafting great fishing experiences for their guests.
                    read our online reviews and i think you'll agree that our guide team is the best choice for delivering a great day on the water.
                


















fishing reports






                                february 3, 2025
                            

northern california report by mat squillante


                                the crew's been on the trinity, lower sac and yuba in the past few weeks. luke had a fair day on the lower sac a week ago. winter weather is unpredictable everywhere but once february passes, the sac should see fishing steadily improve. the trinity's been fishing well, with adults and sub-adults brought to the net most days. look for the river to remain viable until early march, when we start shifting trips to other waters. the yuba continues to offer a nice option for something a little different. throwing big dry flies in the middle of winter isn't viable in too many places but with the skwala on the yuba, february means game on. march browns, pmd's and sulphers will soon pop and can offer some fun dry fly action. by late february, the feather spring steelhead start showing up and will stick around through late may. these fish offer one of very few spring steelheading options and can be a lot of fun. while walk and wade trips are limited this time of year, march on hat creek is just around the corner and it should fish well. 
                            








                                february 3, 2025
                            

trinity river report by mat squillante


                                all the guys have been on the trinity the past few weeks, with plenty of nice fish to show for their efforts. with flows still at 1500cfs, the fishing remains fast. anglers able to put the flies where they need to be, when they need to be there, have the most success. the current storm will push flows beyond what's fishable for about a week. when it comes back into shape, fishing is likely to be good, maybe very good. 
                            








                                january 6, 2025
                            

trinity river report by andrew harris


                                trinity lake is a little bit too full at the moment so the powers that be are releasing a lot of water into the trinity river.  the release from lewiston dam is 1,500cfs, which is five times the typical mid-winter 300cfs minimum flow.  i initially thought the river would be unfishable at these flows, but i was wrong!  the river is high and fast and crystal clear, but there are still plenty of good spots for fish to hold and for us to fish.  don't get me wrong - i'm glad it's not always like this! - but it is kind of fun to fish a favorite river in a new way.  if you book a trip, be prepared for a lot of switching between left side and right side.  bring your a-game because it really helps if you can identify the productive water types in time to make a cast!  there is a healthy mix of trout-sized fish and adult fish in the river right now.  boat traffic is moderate to heavy because the only place to fish is the top 20 miles of river.  however, with the speed of the current, the boats spread out really well and the boat traffic doesn't seem to be much of a factor when it comes to fishing success.
                            




view all fishing reports




subscribe to our youtube channel!







popular destinations



trinity riversep-apr





klamath spey campsep/oct



walk/wadeyear-round





lower sacyear-round







 


book our guides online!











newsletter signup
sign up now for a chance to win a free trip!















confluence outfitters copyright ©  all rights reserved











                                confluence [kon-floo-uhns]
                                1. a flowing together of two or more streams or rivers
                                2. a coming together of people or things
                            









