


diseno-art.com | only amazing vehicles
























concept 
          cars  /  strange 
          vehicles  /  sports 
          cars  /  boats 
          & subs



 
 
            diseno-art is a legacy resource

welcome to diseno-art.com! please note that although this website 
          is managed and maintained it is not updated anymore. the thousands of 
          pages of unusual and production vehicles, concept cars, and interesting 
          engineering ideas are always available for you to look through, however 
          new content is not being added to the website as we have moved onto 
          other projects. enjoy!
about diseno-art.com 

 
            mv agusta f4z zagato


the mv agusta f4z zagato is a one-of-a-kind superbike built specifically for a japanese entrepreneur who also happens to be a collector of zagato cars and italian motorcycles. a zagato designed italian motorcycle is naturally at the intersection of those two expensive obsessions!

          zagato penned the f4z and based it around mv agusta's standard f4 chassis. however the extensive modifications to the motorcyle have meant that not only the bodywork is new, but also many parts had to be re-engineered, such as the fuel tank, intake manifolds, battery and exhaust, in order to fit within the confines of the new body....  
          continue

 
            1977 arrows fa1 formula 1 car


in 1977 arrows grand prix international was established by a group 
          of former shadow racing cars employees. their first car was ready to 
          race in 1978 after a remarkably short amount of time and it was designated 
          the arrows fa1. it was painted gold with warsteiner sponsorship and 
          was powered by the trusty cosworth v8 making 480 horsepower mounted 
          in an aluminum monocoque chassis. it appeared to be quite the impressive 
          debut. trouble was, the design seemed awfully familiar...

          shadow cars front man don nichols seemed to notice the similarity too. 
          the arrows fa1 seemed to be highly "inspired" by the shadow dn9, which 
          was all the more suspicious seeing as how arrows was founded by shadow 
          defectors. this lead to a court case where arrows was accused of copyright 
          infringement...  
          continue


 
            mercedes-maybach 6


the vision mercedes-maybach 6 is a stunning concept car designed 
          to hint at what a future luxury coupe from mercedes-owned maybach might 
          look like. despite being a two seater coupe the mercedes-maybach 6 is 
          massive, thanks to its long hood and tail. it sits on huge 24-inch wheels.

          the mercedes-maybach 6 features much more rounded and retro lines than 
          previous maybach models. it has a large v-oval shaped grille flanked 
          by slit-like headlights. the body is characterised by clean lines and 
          and a cabin pushed towards the rear of the car, leaving a huge, expansive 
          hood interupted solely by a central line flowing back from the mercedes 
          badge... continue


 
            cadillac escala


the cadillac escala is a luxury sedan concept based on the company's 
          omega platform used for the ct6. although the concept is about 6 inches 
          longer than the production ct6. the concept was unveiled at the 2016 
          pebble beach concours d'elegance car show.

          the cadillac escala concept features a bold new styling direction for 
          cadillac, one that is much more futuristic, sharp and more in keeping 
          with its german rivals, audi in particular...  
          continue 



 
            mgb gt concept 2016 


the mg bgt concept is a concept car designed to fill (in a fictional 
          world) the void left by mg's discontinuation of the mg tf in 2011. the 
          tf's demise left mg without a sports car in their lineup, and for a 
          company which built much of its reputation on small sports cars, that 
          was a bittter pill to swallow.

          step forward ian webster, the man who took it upon himself to design 
          a sports car which evoked the best of the brand's past, while providing 
          some much needed expansion to the limited mg range... continue





 
            northrop yf-23


the northrop/mcdonnell douglas yf-23 was a prototype stealth fighter 
          aircraft developed during the 1980s and first part of the 1990s. it 
          was designed for a usaf brief which called for an advanced tactical 
          fighter. all the major us aircraft manufacturers of the time submitted 
          designs to the united states air force, including lockheed, mcdonnell 
          douglas, northrop, grumman, rockwell, general dynamics and boeing. the 
          northrop yf-23 and the lockheed yf-22 were the finalists, with the production 
          contract eventually being awarded to the yf-22.

          the northrop yf-23 was built in answer to the soviet union's most advanced 
          fighter jets, namely the sukhoi su-27 and the mikoyan mig-29. the primary 
          role of the yf-23 was to have been air-to-air combat, and it used the 
          latest technologies, including composite materials and lightweight metal 
          alloys, as well as the latest flight-control systems and stealth technology 
          to make it faster, more agile, and more stealthy than almost every other 
          fighter... continue




contact 
              /  about /  
            privacy policy


            est. 2005 diseno-art.com 


 






 


featured vehicles

alaskan land train arctic exploration vehicle
 
chrysler tv-8 nuclear-powered tank


datsun 240z concept retro-inspired 240z concept


vought xf5u-1 flapjack unusual ww2 prototype aircraft


bmw 2002 turbo 1970s turbocharged coupe


scubster pedal powered submarine


doak model 16 vz-4 prototype vtol aircraft


categories

sports 
            cars

luxury 
            cars

4x4s 
            and suvs

hot 
            hatches

motorcycles

power 
            boats and yachts

sport 
            submersibles

strange 
            aircraft

 
            extreme land vehicles

extreme 
            sea vehicles

extreme 
            air vehicles

automotive 
            tools

top 
            ten lists

tutorials 
            and guides












