



the fathers' rights association of new york state | father's rights attorney in new york































call today
516.783.1men
516.783.1636








 back
					

home

about us

fathers' rights





 back
										

spousal maintenance/alimony

child custody & visitation

child support

modification of support

paternity





meetings





 back
										

long island meetings





faq

reviews

contact us








 menu


about us





meetings


reviews








		our offices are open for in-person consultations as well as phone and video consultations. please don’t hesitate to call us if you have any questions!
	



kids need dads...
...not visitors


contact us today









who are we?
learn more about our organization and what we stand for.
get to know us




fathers' rights association meetings
attorneys are at every meeting to answer your legal questions.
find a meeting




have a question?
get the answers you need from experienced family attorneys.
visit our faq





advocate for fathers’ rights in long island, new york
in today’s society where women seek equal opportunities in the workplace
	 and where both mothers and fathers pursue careers, a “stay-at-home”
	 wife and mother is a less common occurrence. along with this, fathers
	 are playing an increased role in the home environment, including spending
	 time with children and being more active in raising them.

	in the face of all of this, shouldn't fathers have rights too? at the fathers’
	 rights association of new york state we believe that no greater vocation
	 can be had by a woman or man than to be a parent. our organization’s
	 purpose is to promote the equality of that vocation and to offer men and
	 women an organization for the mutual support to pursue their equal rights.
	 we provide peer support to our members along with resource materials in
	 a range of subjects, including
	divorce,
	separation agreements,
	child custody,
	child support,
	spousal support,
	paternity, and
	maintenance.





fathers' rights information center



fathers' rights 


spousal maintenance/alimony 


child custody & visitation 


child support 


modification of support 


paternity 




protecting the rights of fathers
as a charitable, nonprofit in the state of new york, the fathers' rights'
	 association of new york state, inc. is comprised completely of volunteers
	 who are dedicated to the rights allotted to fathers. we strongly believe
	 in a parents' rights to their children when it comes to custodial, visitation,
	 and support matters. the same rights given to competent mothers should
	 also be given to equally competent fathers, and it is our mission to ensure
	 that this happens.
strengthening the relationship between fathers and their children is our
	 ultimate mission, and we are dedicated to providing educational programs
	 and information in order to meet our goal. as advocates for the cause,
	 we only wish to raise public awareness and educated individuals on the
	 importance of a father-child relationship. we provide peer support, resources
	 materials, and some of the best references available, all in an attempt
	 to build and maintain the relationship a father has with his child.
there is no question that a child will share a special relationship with
	 his or her mother. however, a child’s relationship with his or her
	 father is just as important and should be protected. having both parents
	 involved in raising a child is usually in the best interests of the child
	 in the long run, and that is precisely what court decisions are based
	 upon in regards to legal issues affecting children, such as custody, support,
	 and visitation.
at our organization, we vehemently believe that fathers’ rights are
	 important and need to be actively protected. that is why we provide the
	 support that fathers need in the face of child custody disputes, divorce,
	 and legal separation. we recommend working with a new york fathers’
	 rights lawyer or attorney if you are a father facing any serious family
	 law matter.



contact the fathers’ rights association of new york state to learn more about how we can help.
	





spousal maintenance calculator

calculate






contact us today
start working toward the outcome you deserve





first name:



								please enter your first name.
							



last name:



								please enter your last name.
							



phone



								this isn't a valid phone number.
							



email:



								please enter your email address.
							

								this isn't a valid email address.
							



are you a new client?


are you a new client?
yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.


								please make a selection.
							



message



									please enter a message.
								





send
















(516) 783-1636






quick links


home


contact us


privacy policy


site map






main office of general counsel:

(516) 222-1030

666 old country road
						
							suite 704,
						
					

garden city,
					ny 
11530

map + directions



second office of general counsel in white plains:

(914) 873-4410

120 bloomingdale road

suite 307,
					
					
white plains,
					ny
10605

map + directions








				x
			

⚠
your browser is out of date. to get the full experience of this website,
					 please update to most recent version.

update my browser








the information on this website is for general information purposes only.
							 nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual
							 case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt
							 or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.

					© 2025 all rights reserved.
				





















