































nevada film office | your imagination • our locations






















































 









skip to content
home
filming locations

film permit information
find filming locations
log in / sign up
about the locations database


crew + services

find crew + services
log in / sign up
about the production directory


production resources

register your project
tax incentives
why nevada
nevada film tourism
calendar of events
crews & casting calls
scam alerts & tips
see all >>


about nfo

nfo media
about us
contact us


 

















 


we are nevada film
the nevada film office provides a variety of resources and support for hundreds of productions annually.
from film and television to music and video games and many other multimedia projects, we can assist with any questions you may have or special requirements you may need.
if your production is searching for neon and glitter, ghost towns, miles of scenic roads, majestic mountains, desert landscape and picturesque lakes, your camera and crew will find it right here in nevada.
let us help you make your next production a success!
 




bring the movies to you
if you think you have the perfect scenic, picturesque, quirky and/or distinct location, create your free film location listing and it could be seen on the big or small screen!
we’ve redesigned and rebuilt our filming locations database from the ground up, putting you in complete control over your location and account, providing you with all the tools to market your location to the thousands of film, tv and content creators looking to work with you.
 learn more
 











 
  permit information

everything you need to know about permits, fees and filming on the las vegas strip along with a complete list of statewide contact information.
 permit information
 
  why nevada

from our diverse locations and beautiful year round weather, to our rich arts and culture and so much more, why wouldn’t you film in nevada?
 why nevada
 
  production resources

we offer a variety of production resources to help keep your project on-time, on-schedule and on-budget.
 production resources


 







 
  submit location photos
whether you have a ranch, a bar, a casino or even your own private residence, send us your photos and your location might end up in hollywood’s next big blockbuster!
 learn more

  sign up for the directory
get your business or service in front of the many industry professionals that use our directory to find and recruit local crew and services for their projects.
 learn more


 







 connect with us
         

 














						proud members of:
					



















copyright © 2025 nevada film office. all rights reserved | privacy policy








this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsaccept privacy & cookie policyprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 







 

homefilming locations▼film permit informationfind filming locationslog in / sign upabout the locations databasecrew + services▼find crew + serviceslog in / sign upabout the production directoryproduction resources▼register your projecttax incentiveswhy nevadanevada film tourismcalendar of eventscrews & casting callsscam alerts & tipssee all >>about nfo▼nfo mediaabout uscontact us 
  











please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


