











gambling and casino guides - welcome to the gamemaster online




































































poker school
blackjack

card counting systems
how to win at single deck blackjack
playing multiple blackjack hands


 






open menu
poker school
blackjack

card counting systems
how to win at single deck blackjack
playing multiple blackjack hands


 











 x 












welcome to gamemasteronline


learn to play the right way!



poker course36 free comprehensive lessons covering limit hold'em and no-limit hold'emlearn nowblackjackall things blackjack. learn basic strategy, how to count cards, tournament play and morelearn nowcraps guidedon't buy into craps 'systems'. learn to play my waylearn nowroulette guidedo roulette systems work? of course not! learn whylearn nowslots guidelet's look into the myths surrounding slots.learn nowvideo poker guideidentify video poker machines you can beatlearn now

what about playing online?


while most of the guides here are tailored towards playing at land based casinos, some of them can be applied for online play but in general, i’ve yet to come across a genuine strategy that gives an advantage when playing online.
if you do choose to play online however, there are some caveats you do need to be aware of considering there are countless dodgy casinos launched on almost a daily basis looking to cheat players of their money.
worst yet, there are plenty of affiliate websites who are paid to promote certain casinos and thus offer an extremely bias opinion.
so if you are looking to play online, we recommend the following resources which have been personally vetted and researched thoroughly to provide honest opinons:
for us residents:

is gambling online legal in the us? – blackjackinfo.com
online casinos that accept us players – gamblinggurus.com
reviewed new jersey online casinos – gambleonlinenj.com
sports betting states tracker – wagerdex.com
offshore casinos:

sun palace casino
red dog casino
bovada



for ca residents:

is gambling online legal in canada? – canadiancasinos.ca
reviewed canadian online casinos – canadiancasinos.ca

for indian residents:

trusted online casinos in india – luckydice.in

other useful resources:

a useful progressive jackpots tracker – casinolistings.com
blacklisted casinos – wizardofodds.com

















who is the gamemaster?


originally created by bill channels, the gamemaster, this site was a wonderful resource providing fascinating insights into blackjack, poker, video poker and more. due to health issues, the gamemaster was unable to maintain the site since 2013 however we intend to revive his work and hope to hear from him when he recovers













 gamemasteronline 1997 - 20019 

































