


excel tips & solutions since 1998 - mrexcel publishing 



















 
 























                                home        	




                                message board        	




                                ask bill twinbox        	




                                excel speaker        	




                                bookstore        	




                                excel tips        	




                                news        	



 resources                




                                                                excel mall                        	




                                                                techtv                        	




                                                                challenges                        	




                                                                learn excel                        	




                                                                archive                        	





 about                




                                                                about mrexcel                        	




                                                                authors                        	




                                                                consulting                        	




                                                                media kit                        	




                                                                media                        	




                                                                job postings                        	




                                                                contact us                        	




                                                                terms of use                        	




                                                                privacy policy                        	




                                                                cookies policy                        	






                                search        	





























 
















bill jelen
mrexcel





                    explore mrexcel.com
a wealth of excel knowledge at your fingertips...







excel t-shirts




excel coffee mugs







power excel newsletter

subscribe for excel tips »
1 - 2 times per month

























    	excel 2024: the advanced filter treats criteria as "begins with"    


		february 17, 2025					- by bill jelen 

  

check out this simple use of advanced filter. you are asking for all rows with the product of apple to be copied to the output range.



continue reading »

more reading





  


excel 2024: circle invalid data automatically »


                        february 10, 2025                                                    - by bill jelen                                            

you have some numbers in a worksheet. those cells should be between 60 and 90 inclusive.






  


excel 2024: temporarily make formula bar font size larger »


                        february 5, 2025                                                    - by bill jelen                                            

say you have a zoom or teams call and you temporarily need to make the font size in the formula bar larger.






  


excel 2024: avoid whiplash with speak cells »


                        january 30, 2025                                                    - by bill jelen                                            

one of the painful parts about keying in data is that you have to proofread the numbers. so, you are looking at the sheet of paper, then the screen, then the paper, then the screen. you will end up with a sore neck. wouldn't it be nice if you had someone to read you the screen so you can keep your eye on the paper? it's built in to excel.





read more articles »

featured products





  



microsoft 365 excel: the only app that matters

june 2022
excel worksheet, power query, power pivot, power bi. calculations, analytics, modeling, data analysis and dashboard reporting for the new era of dynamic data driven decision making & insight!




  



programming powerpoint with vba

february 2022
this book assumes you already use powerpoint and want to automate or enhance your presentations using visual basic for applications (vba). this book includes vba samples for working with layouts, themes & masters, creating tables, drawing objects, charting, animation effects and event programming.




  



microsoft excel pivot table data crunching (office 2021 and microsoft 365)

december 2021
use microsoft 365 excel and excel 2021 pivot tables and pivot charts to produce powerful, dynamic reports in minutes: take control of your data and your business!




  



mrexcel 2024 igniting excel

february 2024
this is the 7th edition of mrexcel xl. updates for 2024 include: remove filter items using search box, the consolas font makes it easy to tell zero from the letter o, display online pictures in a cell using a formula, place pictures in cell from local computer, using artificial intelligence with copilot for excel, and more...





see more products »
 

  featured product guerrilla data analysis using microsoft excel - 3rd edition     











mrexcel.com debuted on november 21, 1998.

                mrexcel.com provides examples of formulas, functions and visual basic procedures
                for illustration only, without warranty either expressed or implied, including
                but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and/or fitness for
                a particular purpose. the formulas, functions and visual basic procedures on this
                website are provided "as is" and we do not guarantee that they can be used in all
                situations.
                this site contains affiliate links. any affiliate commissions that we
                earn when you click a link to amazon or other sites is reinvested in keeping mrexcel.com
                running. you can earn a commission for sales leads that you send to us by joining our
                affiliate program.
            

                view our privacy policy, cookies policy, and terms of use.
                
"do not share my personal information"


                excel ® is a registered trademark of the microsoft corporation.
            

                mrexcel ® is a registered trademark of tickling keys, inc.
            

                all contents © 1998 - 2025 mrexcel publishing | all rights reserved.
            





 

