


assa bloemfontein astronomy club









































menus 
                    above not visible? use these.
 





welcome 
              to the astronomy society of bloemfontein city
 








assa 
                          bloemfontein centre is a group of active enthusiasts meeting 
                          on a regular basis to discuss their  interest in astronomy. 
                          whether a member's interest lies with armchair astronomy, deep 
                          sky observations, astrophotography, solar or lunar studies, 
                          telescope making or astronomical history, they all share 
                          the need to expand their knowledge in the subject and enjoy 
                          astronomy as a humble and fulfilling hobby. 

                          this non-profit club is 
                          centered around the city of bloemfontein, in south africa. 
                          please contact us for more information: membership is open to anyone, regardless of how much you know about astronomy! further 
                          reading on who we are.




 










 
 
photos
 1st free state star party 2014
 2nd free state star party 2015
 3rd free state star party 2016
4th free state star party 2017
5th free state star party 2018
7th  free state star party 2021

10th  free state star party 2024
 
2025 star party - more information






 
 



 



 rsg op 100 - 104 fm 

                        sterre en planete met willie koorts 
kyk saam met rsg na die wonders van die hemelruim.

                        willie koorts,  prof. matie hoffman 
                        en lafras smit

                        - sondag: 19:30 - 20:00 (rsg)
                        - laai die potgooi af








centre 
            spot light 



 
                    sterrekunde inligtingstuk: leer meer van die sonnestelsel, sterre en ruimte-eksplorasie
laai 'n handige inligtingstuk af, ideaal vir kinders wat take moet doen oor sterrekunde, of vir die nuuskieriges wat hul kennis wil uitbrei in hierdie fasinerende tema.

 laai af (325 kb, pdf). 

                      sky guide - africa south 
available at exclusive books and other book stores 







member 
            administration 

 - club fees payable only in july for next financial year
            - meer inligting oor die klub en wie kan lid raak hier, / more information about the club here
            - past events and club history summaries can be found in the archives
            - committee member contact details





centre 
              activities 




educational 
              programs


astrophotography
 

deep 
              sky

solar 
              observations



comets 
              & meteors


historical 
              research
 
telescope 
              making


 









assa bloemfontein supports the stellarium project: www.stellarium.org. 

              the best night sky simulator on earth! (and maybe even in the whole universe...) if you call yourself an astronomy enthusiast and you don't know about stellarium, it's high time you do... find the positions of the planets, stars and constellations - the moon, deep sky objects and more... 






 family matters
 





national 
            assa
assa bloemfontein is affiliated with the astronomical 
            society of southern africa. visit their website for information on 
            the national body and astronomy news from all over southern africa. subscribe to their free monthly news service.

friends 
            of boyden observatory
the friends of boyden is a public interest group 
            which fosters a wider appreciation of the astronomical activities 
            of boyden observatory (bloemfontein, south africa) and who promote 
            public interest in its affairs. go 
            to website.



assa 
            centres country wide
there 
            are 8 assa centres in southern africa - bloemfontein, johannesburg, pretoria, cape 
            town, durban, midlands centre and garden 
            route. other astronomical societies and clubs in southern africa

boyden 
            observatory & science centre
boyden observatory manages an active educational 
            program, exposing thousands of people to astronomy each year. assa 
            bloemfontein members frequently assists with such programs. more information. 



lamont-hussey 
            observatory
 opened in 1928 and situated on naval hill in bloem. 
            it was owned by the university of michigan and closed in 1974 when 
            the huge 27 inch refractor was dismantled and the building transformed 
            into the "observatory theatre" it is today. go to website. 

 






weather data 

visit the following websites for weather predictions and radar maps:
            - weathersa: www.weathersa.co.za
            - kobus botha weatherphotos: www.weatherphotos.co.za
- 1stweather.com: http://www.1stweather.com/metrocast/bloemfontein/index.shtml


 




visit the mangaung fire station museum
              - 
              the largest collection of vintage fire engines in the country. also the safehouse of the remains of the gigantic 27 inch lamont-refractor, used in the lamont-hussey observatory on naval hill (more info). 





 
 




 search 
              site content

              search the web or only this website: 






  


enter your search terms

submit search form




 




web



www.assabfn.co.za






















astronomy instills passionate respect for nature, 
              ...even when it's cloudy during that long-planned observation evening! 



  















 











assa bloemfontein centre

contact 
            us. 
          
www.assabfn.co.za

top 
    of page
customized for 1024x768 desktop resolution






