



best free shopping cart software - agoracart ecommerce solution


























































agoracart free ecommerce shopping cart software






home(current)


learn more

features
payment gateways
templates
agoracart gold

donate to project

web hosting requirements
upgrading a store - upgrade matrix
articles, guides, docs - category list
route 66 documentation - in progress!

project team & supporters
agoracart logos & buttons
contact us

privacy policy
terms of use

legacy versions

button sets



demo


download


marketplace

marketplace

add-on modules / extensions

content management
database
order management
payment gateways
product enhancement
shipping
store management
taxes

go gold! support agoracart
productpage / ppinc layouts
templates

paid support

priority tech support
store setup services
upgrade your cart

show off your support

cafepress: t-shirts, hoodies & more
teespring: t-shirts, hoodies & more



support

agoracart support portal
free user support forums
articles, guides, docs - category list
route 66 documentation - in progress!
version 5.x documentation - being rebuilt!
documentation - avalara avatax
gold user forums - requires account login
contact us

paid support

priority tech support
store setup services
upgrade your cart
hire help - agora.exchange

legacy versions

5.x support forums



partners

partners & sponsors
web hosting partners
web design partners
payment gateways

get involved - help us

become a partner
donate to project



donate


gold supporters only















free shopping cart solution- open source ecommerce

ecommerce^250 +  templates^250 + extreme flexibility^250 = agoracart route 66^1000
powerful.^250 evolving.^250  ecommerce.^500
everything you need to add, create and manage your online business.^500
join our 50,000+ users. try it out!^2000




free download
view demo










add ecommerce to your website with agoracart, shopping cart softwaredownload go gold - help support us








agoracart shopping cart software
building the best open source ecommerce shopping cart
agoracart is one of the early open source software (oss) pioneers providing free shopping cart software. for 20+ years we have provided top quality shopping cart solutions for small and medium sized ecommerce businesses. a lot has changed from the early days, but we still proudly produce one of the best ecommerce shopping cart software solutions that offers online retailers flexibility, power, and customization that is second to none for small ecommerce businesses.
			
agoracart (community version) is built as free open source software ( f/oss ) using perl, javascript, jquery, html 5, css 3, font-awesome, and popular js/css frameworks such as materialize and bootstrap. our ecommerce shopping cart software is responsive designed, mobile ready, and is community driven in its design and software development, which keeps the focus on your needs - the merchant.
			
agoracart is very flexible design wise and offers a very wide range of functions & features that allow you to setup an online ecommerce shopping cart by using either the available free templates, copying one as a base to start customizing with your own look, or by creating your own from scratch and uploading to your store directories. agoracart's flexible modular system also allows you complete customization of the ui / ux ( user interface / user experience) and the cx (customer experience) using templates including the store's headers & footers, product pages (ppincs), order forms, thank you pages, custom emails, css files, html widgets that customize the default programming code, and even the plug in and play modules. in the end, agoracart can be as simple or complex as you make it.

agoracart can be easily installed on your existing website using our installer script that downloads our shopping cart app, does a basic setup, and when it is finished links you to your new online store manager to begin customizing your newly installed shopping cart solution. or, your new shopping cart software can be hosted and managed for you so you do not need to worry about webhosting, designing a website or template.
			

download free! become a gold supporter view demo







open source and free
open source means you can freely use and modify agoracart. the route 66 version is 100% free and customizable.



powerful store management
benefit from our built-in seo. easy manage products, orders, shipping, tax rules, templates and more.



add-ons & templates
a growing ecommerce marketplace of add-on modules and templates to expand your store functionality.



support you can trust
need help? we’ve got you covered. agoracart offers free community forums or inexpensive one-on-one support.





open-source and free
		the storefront and admin are designed to be responsive and optimized for various mobile, tablet and computer screen sizes to keep your ecommerce always at your fingertips
		open source means you can freely use and modify agoracart. the community version is 100% free and customizable.



powerful store management
benefit from our built-in seo. easy manage products, orders, shipping, tax rules, templates and more.





add-ons & templates
a growing ecommerce marketplace of add-on modules and templates to expand your store functionality.



support you can trust
need help? we’ve got you covered. agoracart offers free community forums or inexpensive one-on-one support.











































go gold! help support the agoracart project!
gold users are golden in our eyes. we love them! they help support the development of agoracart.
join other gold users for as little as $2 / mo. with your gold supporter status, you will receive access to:



gold supporters only site
easier add-on upgrades and installs
gold supporters only user forums
offical chat channels with gold plus




inventory module
ups xml module (more accurate rates)
additional templates
extra benefits added regularly




note: the version of agoracart that gold supporters use is basically the same version as the free side but with functions that connect to your extra supporter benefits and marketplace purchases.
info for new gold supportersinfo for new gold supporters






reasons to upgrade to the new agoracart route 66 shopping cart




100% mobile ready
the storefront and the store manager areas are designed to be responsive and optimized for mobile, tablet and computer screen sizes helping to keeping your ecommerce management handy


template driven
embedded html code had been removed from the core code. all html, widgets, static html pages, and design customization can be handled by templates, layouts, and manager funtions


language files
storefront langauge has been removed from core code and can  be translated into new language sets. wording/phrases can also be overriden in templates and other manager areas





new modern frameworks
integration of modern responsive front-end frameworks such as bootstrap 3 which allows you to prototype your templates faster. bootstrap 4 and materialize css 1.0 coming shortly.


new widget system
route 66 brings a new widget system that replaces cutting and pasting code into templates. now you can enable html widgets and then arrange the order of appearance using drag and drop


improved managers
manager screens are mobile ready and have been rearranged into new manager screens with tabs that group admin functions together facilitating easier store management.





seo friendly ecommerce
agoracart has been optimized for better seo practices, such as removing underscores in urls, adding schema.org metadata, and improving the management of category page metadata


open source perl
the agoracart backbone is built using perl 5 and now rewritten and restructured giving you access to cleaner and easier code to manage along with a community to support it


grow and expand
agoracart is customizable for nearly any ecommerce need and will grow with your business. it is once again actively developed with new features, and a new sql database coming soon





fast and secure
it is a fast performing shopping cart application. agoracart is a secure solution implemented and does not handle credit card information helping to keep you in pci compliance.


import orders
gold version only: install a helper module and you are ready to import your customer orders and order logs from prior versions of agoracart (5.0, 5.2.x, 5.5.x, 6.0.x)


import products
gold version only: install a helper module and you are ready to import your product database and images from prior versions of agoracart (5.0, 5.2.x, 5.5.x, 6.0.x)






current versions:
route 66 ( 06.6.00.0020 )route 66 gold ( 06.6.00.0020 )


in development:
code name: phoenix (07.0.00.0000)





add the power of agoracart to your website. download the installer script which checks for hosting compatibility and installs the cart files. then check out the documentation (coming soon!) and user forums for tips and help with setting up and customizing your webstore.
download & install route 66 »



don't have a website or do not want to handle the technical side? save your brain cells! get a managed storefront from one of our preferred hosting providers!  click the button below for a list of hosting and design partners that offer managed ecommerce services.
find a managed ecommerce partner »







 our premier & featured sponsors
we hope you have enjoyed using agoracart and if you feel like it has helped you out and want to support the team you can help us by visiting our sponsors, donating or backing us on patreon, or becoming a gold supporter and enjoying the extra benefits. any amount would help support and continue development on this project and is greatly appreciated.
sponsor agoracartbecome a patron




















copyright © 2001 - 2023 k-factor technologies, inc. & ce mayo















