ï»¿






aaanimal control - animal and wildlife removal - raccoon, squirrel, rat, & bat




































info@aaanimalcontrol.com
call us for help in your town
humane wildlife education
				








home
services
photos
prices
pests
about us
blog
faq
contact us













welcome to aaanimalcontrol.com











america's largest professional wildlife control company - servicing over 500 locations in 2025


aaanimal control is a nationwide wildlife control company. we can solve your critter problem 
quickly. we operate nationwide with over 500 locations! we help people solve conflicts with 
nuisance wildlife such as raccoons, squirrels, rats, snakes, bats, birds, and more. this includes animal capture, removal, 
exclusion, damage repairs, waste cleanup, and more. we specialize in humane trapping techniques and 
complete animal pest control solutions. if you have a problem caused by the wild animals in your town, 
aaanimal control can solve it.

browse this site for answers to many common nuisance wildlife questions, or feel free to email us with any questions - we respond 24/7/365.

to talk to your local branch, and to check our wildlife control prices in your town, select your state on the below map, 
then pick your city or town.  there, you'll be able to call our local branch to discuss your wild animal issue.  you'll 
also be able to check our prices in your local branch, as well as get local resources for free help in your city and state. 
we look forward to hearing from you!

2025 - click your state on the below map, then select your city or town





my name is david, founder of aaanimal control and author of this site, and my goal is to provide 
wildlife removal education and solve human-wildlife conflicts. browse this site for plenty of how-to advice to 
do it yourself. if you need to hire a pro, you can us in your town, since we service 98% of the us population. 
here are three articles that will help give you more information:

how to guide: who should i hire? - what questions to ask, to look for, who not to hire.
how to guide: do it yourself! - advice on saving money by doing wildlife removal yourself.
guide: how much does wildlife removal cost? - analysis of wildlife control prices.



click here for my wildlife removal photo gallery.

get ideas! - over 400 photographs of actual wildlife trapping and removal jobs we've done.



click here for my awesome critter removal blog journal!

over 350 examples of specific wildlife control jobs we've done, sorted by species.



2025 squirrel seasons: don't forget, mother squirrels have their winter babies in february, and by march, the 
young are nearly full-size and running about. they have another litter in late summer as well. if you hear noises in 
your attic, especially in morning and evening, give us a call and we can humanely remove them and repair the entry 
holes they've chewed open. you can also click here for my guide to getting squirrels out of an attic 
for more information.


nationwide bat control: august 2025 is baby bat season! the young bats start to fly in august, and you might
suddenly notice that you've got bats in your home or building. no bat exclusions can be performed in june or
july, but august is prime time for bat control! we specialize in the humane removal of the entire colony of
bats from your attic or building. we completely bat-proof the home, so that no bats can ever return, and we give a
guarantee. we also clean and decontaminate the waste that the bats have left behind. click to read about 
how to get rid of bats for some useful advice and examples
of bat jobs i've done. call us any time to discuss your bat problem and to schedule an appointment.


2025 rat season: as the cooler weather arrives in autumn and winter, the rodents throughout the country seek out a warm 
place to spend the nights. the most common nuisance animals are the roof rat and norway rat. these disease-ridden
critters are nocturnal, and can often be heard scampering up the walls and in the attic at night. they chew on electrical
wires, contaminate food, and spread disease. check out my how to get rid of rats 
page for more information on our permanent rat control techniques. we also deal with mouse problems, which you can read about on my mouse control and
mice trapping page, but the truth is that the control techniques for the house mouse are the same as for rats.


humane wildlife trapping: we respect wild animals. when possible, we aim to prevent wildlife problems rather than interfere with 
the animals. where legal, we live trap and relocate all critters we catch.  we always work to keep together baby animals with the mother when 
applicable. we are up-to-date on the most recent training and equipment.  wildlife control is an art, and i'm frustrated to see companies that 
do it poorly, or homeowner diy attempts that don't take into account the safety of the animals or protection of the property.  experience matters 
a great deal in wildlife control.  it took me hundreds of jobs and years to get really good at it, because there are so many variables.  each 
animal and situatuion is different.  read about how to get rid of raccoons, or how to get rid of squirrels, 
how to get rid of opossum, or how to get rid of skunks or select any animal on the right.









select your animal

raccoons raccoon removal advice & information

squirrels squirrel  removal advice & information

opossum opossum removal advice & information

skunks skunk removal advice & information

rats rat removal advice & information

mice mouse removal advice & information

moles mole removal advice & information

groundhog groundhog removal advice & information

armadillos armadillo removal advice & information

beaver beaver removal advice & information

fox fox removal advice & information

coyotes coyote removal advice & information

birds bird removal advice & information

bats bat removal advice & information

snakes snake removal advice & information

dead dead animal removal advice & information

othersother wildlife species advice & information











about us
aaanimal control is a professional wildlife control company operating in over 500 usa locations. operating 24/7/365.



useful links

click to find wildlife help in your town
learn about our wildlife services
what prices do we charge?
blog -read our critter stories!




our service technicians




example services

humane wildlife removal
animal trapping & relocation
critter prevention & repair
animal removal in the attic
wild animal education





				â© copyright 2003-2025 by aaanimal control. email us at info@aaanimalcontrol.com - professional and humane wildlife control servicing the entire usa
				







