


harmonica lessons [official site] - absolute beginners, intermediate to advanced harmonica video tutorials | best online harmonica classes | how to play harmonica songs | free private lesson with year membership





























            menu
            











browse the website ▼


why join?
member benefits
free video lesson/page samples
testimonials
sign-up faqs
gift membership info
plans & prices
about us


* private 1-on-1 harmonica lessons:
                  30-min online lesson w/ dave gage
* beginner harmonica pdf ebook:
                  learn from your phone



membershipsign up



getting started
beginner harmonica
intro page
which harmonica to buy?
lesson plans
shortcuts for beginners
more beginner pages
general overview
main page
diatonic vs. chromatic
1st position
2nd position
positions chart
video samples
beginner lessons
advanced lessons
members jamming live
more video pages


instruction


techniques:

single notes
holding
hand effects
bending
breathing

jamming techniques
advanced / intermediate
blues harmonica:

blues harmonica riffs
techniques improv
target notes
"jam-to" midi file
improv tips


playing info
songs/tabs & scales:

master song list
tab categories
tabbed solos list
scales (diatonic)

harmonicas:

recommendations
harmonica types defined
cds: song keys
theory:

hole/note layouts
"key" a song
playing positions
making scales

terms & definitions
harmonica faqs



more stuff

harmonica players
playing out:
mics & amps
recording yourself
harmonica for guitar players
midi / audio files
harmonica literature:
featured articles
short stories
player analysis
harmonica history
chromatic harmonica
chromatic harmonica songs
repairs & maintenance
one liner tips



pricing
video ▼

beginner lessons
advanced lessons
testimonials
members: beginners live
members: advanced live
brothers gage videos
dave gage music
youtube harmonica lessons


about us
contact
harmonica store ▼

homepage
harmonicas
song/tab books
harmonica mics/amps
phone/video lessons


sign in


join now



membership
harmonica lessons ►
prices
video
about us
community
contact
harmonica store
sign in




◄ back
why join?
getting started
instruction
playing info
more stuff






#1 source of harmonica instruction,in-depth videos, and private 1-on-1 lessons
    everything you need in one place: 

         video  +  private lessons  +  songs  +  techniques  +  jamming  +  theory

45 hours of harmonica lesson video
instant playing feedback... with private zoom lessons (one free with year mem.)
learn from expert dave gage - 40 year teaching pro
new signups receive a free 5-minute "getting started" phone call



get started















learn the 4 basic techniques
dave specializes in teaching the difficult aspects of harmonica playing that most beginners typically struggle with. watch or read in-depth tutorials on:

 single notes
 holding/hand effects
 breathing
 bending










featured harmonica videos
(sons of harmonica instructor dave gage)

 

"brothers gage: fast harmonica jam (cotton eye joe)" 
here are dave gage's sons the brothers gage, brody (age 16) and alex (age 18), with a music video shot after their two appearances on america's got talent 2020. 

they both learned to play harmonica around age 5 and now also sing, play guitar, bass, drums, and keyboards. the key to getting good is consistency. they still play & practice every day and haven't missed a day in many, many years.






















subscribe:  brothers gage youtube channel


subscribe:  harmonicalessons yt channel
brothers gage website









if you are an absolute harmonica beginner or never played an instrument before, but you are willing to put in time and practice, dave will help you get as good as you want to get learningsongs; jamming blues, rock, country;and much more...




...it is of course, mostly about you playing and practicing, but...15 minutes a day with expert guidance, will take a beginner to an intermediate level player within a month or two.


♫  learn to play songs♫  jam blues | play with friends♫  beginner, intermediate, advanced: all levels





sample lesson video
"beginner harmonica lessons"





tip- "move harmonica, not head"
a simple playing tip to speed up your movement and add accuracy in single notes.

advantage of 2nd position over 1st,bluesy bendsin this excerpt, dave discusses some of the reasons for playing in either 1st position or 2nd position.

beginner harmonica chordsdave gives a general overview of what you can obtain from both diatonic and chromatic harmonicas in regards to harmonica chords.












intermediate & advanced harp players



have you been playing for 6 months, 3 years, or longer?

...in a playing rut?

there's lots of good stuff here for you:




jamming techniques: warbles, slides, dropoffs, chording, tonguing
advanced techniques: throat vibrato, blow bends, tongue blockedoctaves, tongue-switching, delayed tongue slaps
theory: music and harmonica theory & terminology
diatonic positions: 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 12th
how to play faster: simple tricks to get your speed up
repairs... cleaning, and maintenance
rhythm harmonica: upbeat chugging, hah-dah hey-deys,12-bar blues chording
harmonicas: compare models & brands


chromatic harmonica: learn 12 scales in 30-minutes
mic & amps: learn to get the best sound out of your equipment
advanced: songs, riffs and scales
improve your timing: work on downbeats, upbeats, triplets & more
techniques: clean up your basic & jamming techniques
alternate-tuned diatonics: how to play and why to use them
low-tuned diatonics: how to play and when to use them
chord changes: how to play over chord changes (with target notes &target scales)
keep improving: instant feedback with live classes & private lessons











sample video
"advanced harmonica tips"






breathing tip: follow thru with airflow
dave explains how the concept of "follow through", as found in many sports, also applies directly to your breathing and airflow.

blues scale sectionslearn the value of not just learning a scale up and down, but instead dividing the 2nd position blues scale into smaller "bite-size" chunks, which can then be used as blues riffs.

tonguing technique: "chicken call"dave demonstrates how you can use the "tonguing" technique to create interesting sounds such as the "chicken call".

chromatic harmonica: hole/note layoutknowing the names of the notes is great for: learning scales, keying songs, reading music, and to play in different keys of music.












sign-up now


♦  over 45 hours of video lessons
♦  1-on-1 private lessons over zoom (one free with year mem.)
♦  new signups receive a free 10-minute "getting started" phone call


join now















"thank you for the best harp site on the net." -jon charles, usa"it's the next best thing to having a teacher sitting with you!" -greg portersee more: testimonials and comments






sample video
"harmonica note bending help"





harmonica bending help, hole 1 draw
the hole 1 draw bend is the easiest on the harmonica for many people, but not for everyone. dave's tips include: learn to control the angle of the airflow.

bending 2 draw tips- part i (advanced)dave's tips include: don't try too hard, stay relaxed, let the bent note drop down in your body to belt level. try not to tighten or suck with your lips.

bending 2 draw tips- part ii (advanced)dave shows how using a very common 2nd position blues riff, becomes an excellent drill for honing your 2 draw blues bending.



































back to top  








social media
facebook
twitter
instagram

 
click on seal for info


harmonica lessons
homeplans & pricessignup help-faqs

website pages
sitemap


quick links
how to play harmonicabeginner harmonica songsblues harmonica lessonslive, online harmonica classes
watch sample videosprivate harmonica lessonsharmonica beginner ebook


support
privacy policyterms of usecontact usabout us



harmonica store:
10-hole diatonic harmonicas
chromatic harmonicas
buy a harmonica book/harmonca
harmonica package deals
skype or phone lessons
harmonica instruction books
how to buy a harmonica
harmonica song & tab books
beginner harmonicas





copyright © 1999- dave gage. all rights reserved.    |    harmonicalessons.comtm  is a trademark of aym music.



