







roaring fork conservancy ~ bringing people together to protect our rivers







































snowpack & stream flows
 become a member
 support
 get involved
donate now










toggle navigation








your watershed





crystal river
wild and scenic
stream management plan
coal basin project


fryingpan river
comprehensive fryingpan assessment
historic fryingpan studies
fryingpan e-flow tools
anchor ice monitoring


roaring fork river
roaring fork stream health initiative 2007


lincoln creek
2022 lincoln creek epa study
2024 lincoln creek monitoring


water quality
baseline monitoring
alpine algae monitoring
macroinvertebrates
historic water quality studies


river flows
roaring fork snowpack




riparian land conservation
riverfront property
conservation easements


watershed facts
transmountain diversions


roaring fork watershed plan


roaring fork watershed maps


colorado river watershed


lake christine fire restoration




interactive map


watershed report card
midterm report card may 2022


water conservation
reel in water use
reel in water use outdoors
reel in water use indoors


lawn alternatives


drought resiliency








events

education and outreach





watershed education
teacher professional development
school programs
adult education and community outreach
fly fishing programs


brooksher watershed institute


watershed penpals
meet your headwaters




american dipper children's book


river user guide


visitor guides


keepitclean
about keep it clean
at home
on the job
report spills
kids activities
water conservation resources
water use facts
keep it clean partners




podcasts


annual photo contest
2024 photo contest winners
2023 photo contest winners
2022 photo contest winners
2021 photo contest winners
2020 photo contest winners
2019 photo contest winners
2018 photo contest winners
2017 photo contest winners
2016 photo contest winners
2015 photo contest winners









about us





staff and associates


rfc board of directors


national council


river stewards


rfc partners


business members




about rfc


rfc history


river currents


annual reports


financial statements




contact us


employment


room rental


online privacy policy


store









news





launch of drought resiliency project


weekly snowpack and river report




most current news


voters guide to water issues




give a gift with a lasting impact








publications
activities

drought





hot spots for trout




drought response


























my valley. my watershed.











my valley. my watershed. 


















roaring fork conservancy
since 1996, roaring fork conservancy has inspired people to explore, value, and protect the roaring fork watershed. we bring people together to protect our rivers and work hard to keep water in local streams, monitor water quality, and preserve riparian habitat.
as one of the largest watershed organizations in colorado, roaring fork conservancy serves residents and visitors throughout the roaring fork valley through school and community-based watershed education programs and watershed science and policy projects including regional watershed planning, water resource policy initiatives, stream management, and restoration. 
 







mon. mar 10, 2025 | 4:00 pm
capitol creek ranch snowshoe
near old snowmass, colorado
we’ll wander past beaver ponds and through aspen forests while exploring the history of the iconic capitol creek ranch!



learn more


register







need a gift with a lasting impact?
honor someone special by helping ensure a healthy and vibrant roaring fork watershed and download a card for your giftee!



click for more details







weekly snowpack and river report
even with a few snowstorms over the last week, snowpack in the roaring fork watershed continues to decrease and is currently 84% of normal for this time of year...



click for more details











the rivers and streams









roaring fork river
aspen: the headwaters
more 




roaring fork river 
the roaring fork river runs 70 miles from independence pass through aspen, basalt, and carbondale until it reaches its confluence with the colorado river in glenwood springs. during its journey the waters drop over 6,000 feet in elevation, more than the mississippi river drops in its entire length!
the ute indians called it "thunder river" no doubt from the roaring sound it makes during spring runoff. many species of wildlife rely on the river corridor for their survival, making it a great place to view elk, bald eagles, osprey, great blue herons, moose, mule deer, and more.
the roaring fork river offers abundant recreational opportunities including white water rafting, stand up paddle boarding, kayaking and fishing. gold medal trout waters can be found within the section between basalt and glenwood springs. 
 
photo credit: steven goff
 











fryingpan river
gold medal waters of basalt
more 




fryingpan river 
the origin of the "fryingpan" name is uncertain but the most colorful story is that of a group of prospectors who fled some hostile utes only to run into another encampment, whereupon one prospector remarked that they had come "out of the frying pan and into the fire."  the valley was home to native american hunting parties, miners, railroaders, ranchers and recreationists since it was first explored in 1880. 
the fryingpan river is a renowned gold medal trout fishery whose designation stretches 14 miles from ruedi dam to its confluence with the roaring fork river in the town of basalt. this river boasts healthy rainbow, brown and cutthroat trout populations, providing year-round fishing opportunities.
learn more about the fryingpan river 
photo credit: paul hilts
 











crystal river
picturesque crystal river
more 




crystal river 
the crystal river begins in the elk mountains of gunnison county in colorado.  it flows for 40 miles before it reaches the confluence with the roaring fork river in carbondale.  this scenic valley is home to bald eagles, big horn sheep, abundant elk populations, lewis’s woodpeckers, geothermal hot springs, rare orchids such as the stream orchid, and one of the few places in the state to view fireflies. 
historically, there was abundant mining in this area, such as coal, lead-zinc, iron and silver. the crystal river mill provides an iconic view of the area’s silver mining industry. marble continues to be quarried and has provided the foundations for some of the most well-known monuments in the united states: tomb of the unknown soldier and the washington monument.
today, the crystal river is a favored kayaking and fishing river. not only does it provide drinking water to 7,000 people but the valley continues to remain rich in ranching and agriculture.
learn more about the crystal river
photo credit: john bleimehl
 











the roaring fork watershed
know your watershed
more 




the roaring fork watershed 
the roaring fork watershed is located in central colorado on the west side of the continental divide. the watershed includes the sawatch, collegiate and elk ranges and seven 14,000 foot peaks. 
melting snow in these headwaters collects and joins one of three main rivers (roaring fork, fryingpan, and crystal) and drains to the colorado river in glenwood springs at an elevation of 5,916 feet. 
encompassing an area of 1,451 square miles, the roaring fork watershed is approximately the size of rhode island. part of the larger colorado river basin, which supplies water to nearly 40 million people in the arid southwest, the roaring fork watershed contributes about 856,000 acre feet or 279 billion gallons of water each year to the colorado river!
learn more about the roaring fork watershed
view roaring fork watershed mapsphoto credit: amy marsh














exploring your watershed




 floating, fishing, & walking  



















floating the rivers of the watershed
from the slow meandering waters of the north star preserve to the raging slaughterhouse falls, people love to experience the rivers of our watershed.check out local stream flows.










fishing the rivers of the watershed
anglers come from all over the world to fish the rivers and high mountain lakes of the roaring fork watershed. learn about rfc's fly fishing programs.
 
photo credit: steven goff










walking the watershed
with over 33% of the roaring fork watershed in designated wilderness areas, there is no shortage of trails on which to go exploring.explore roaring fork watershed maps.





 
 
















contact us

						roaring fork conservancy

							phone: (970) 927-1290
							email: info@roaringfork.org
mailing address:po box 3349

						basalt, co 81621


											physical address:22800 two rivers roadbasalt, co 81621
											










what's new

                       fryingpan fishing brings in $3.8 million annually to local economy  learn more





contact




















 sign me up for the newsletter



 i am interested in volunteering








submit



















