
















adirondack park agency






              your browser does not support iframes
          





navigation menu

adirondack park agency

about

about the agency
about the park
contact us
press room
public comment and hearings
forms and applications
documents and publications
maps and gis
webcast video
employment


property owners

overview
do i need a permit?
the permit process
communicating with the agency
understanding land use area classification
understanding critical environmental areas
shorelines, rivers and trees


local government

overview
agency-approved local land use programs
training for local officials


state land

overview
state land map
the forest preserve
apa state land program


business

overview
apa economic services
hamlet development program
developing a business in the park faq´s
adirondack business parks










the new york state adirondack park agency is celebrating 50 years of  long-range public and private land use planning for the largest park in the continental united states. 








news & activities          

agency meeting schedule - next meeting: march 13-14
archive of agency meeting materials
archived videos of agency meetings
press room
public comment & hearing opportunities
large-scale residential subdivisions currently under review
upcoming regulatory programs agenda items





popular topics

forms & applications
reference materials
adirondack maps & gis
adirondack  road salt reduction task force report
employment
emergency projects
proposed state land master plan amendments





dig deeper

agency laws and regulations
agency board members
wetlands mapping data 
science & research
telecommunication towers

procurement page
apa transparency initiative plan
permits issued





how do i?

know if i need a permit?
report a violation?
watch an agency meeting?
make a comment involving a project?
visit the adirondacks?
submit a foil request?
see all faq´s









february  2025 agency meeting


at the february 2025 agency meeting, the adirondack park agency board hosted a community spotlight with the town of waverly and heard informational presentations on the agency’s 2024 annual report, the results of recent procellacor projects, and last summer’s deep water marsh surveys.
read more here






2024 apa annual report


the adirondack park agency has released its 2024 annual report, which highlights how the agency worked to protect the adirondack park through a combination of  regulatory oversight, environmental stewardship, and land use planning.
read the announcement here
read the report here







important website access information



on december 8, 2021, new york state will upgrade security protections to our websites and applications. access to government websites and applications will  require the use of up-to-date and secure web browsers. if you are using an older web browser, you will need to upgrade to a current web browser prior to december 1.
to verify that your browser meets the new requirements, visit the new york state encryption verification website
the following popular web browsers are among many capable of supporting up-to-date security protocols: 



microsoft internet explorer 11


microsoft edge version 12 and above


google chrome version 30 and above 


 mozilla firefox 27 and above


apple safari 7 and above 


opera 17 and above


 









adirondack park agency

popular documents

jurisdictional inquiry form
minor permit application
citizen's guide to the apa



help

contact us
freedom of information law (foil)




using our site

accessibility
language access
privacy policy




connect with us






facebook





instagram





linkedin












              your browser does not support iframes
          









