











oak alley plantation restaurant & inn






















































































		skip to content










 













 


spend the nightmenu toggle

cottages book now evening meal service
diningmenu toggle

breakfast menu lunch menu group dining
host an eventmenu toggle

weddings corporate events private events
 






 




plantation toursgift shopaboutmenu toggle

area information staff gallery faqs
contactmenu toggle

directions & map hours of operation job opportunities
 

 






 






 




 







main menu

 















 




book your stay todayoak alley plantation restaurant & inn

 
 
 


call us
get directions
book a room





book your event todayoak alley plantation restaurant & inn

 
 
 


call us
get directions
book a room













upcoming event:  cartoon trivia brunch
oak alley plantation restaurant & inn is excited to announce the first ever- saturday morning cartoon trivia.  pick your best teammates  and enjoy a little rivalry with trivia about some good old fashioned saturday morning cartoons!   and that’s not all folks!  brunch will also be served.  

information
















restaurant one day closure
oak alley’s restaurant, gift shop & cafe will be closed only on tuesday, january 21, 2025 for some dining room upgrades.  








est.1976



experience a combination of local culture, flavorful cuisine, and southern hospitality at oak alley plantation restaurant & inn.

established in 1976, we’ve been serving the local community and welcoming visitors worldwide by offering a beautiful setting for comfort and relaxation. visit and book a stay at oak alley plantation restaurant & inn for a unique experience where history blends beautifully with the comforts of today.  

view our cottages



explore oak alley plantation & all it offers
explore oak alley plantation restaurant & inn
spend the nightdine inhost an eventspend the nightdine inhost an event




spend the night
southern hospitality starts here at our cozy cottages nestled on the grounds of oak alley plantation. relax in one of our charming cottages designed to provide a comfortable stay with modern conveniences and a full country breakfast included in your stay. book a reservation today and explore all we offer at oak alley plantation restaurant & inn.


view available cottages




dine in at our restaurant
come and experience the amazing cuisine of the area, recipes cultivated over time using traditions of both cajuns and creoles alike. open daily for breakfast & lunch, oak alley restaurant offers a true dining experience with mouthwatering dishes like crawfish étouffée over fried catfish, shrimp & okra gumbo and a local favorite, the vacherie burger.


view the menu




host an event
whether you’re planning a wedding, family reunion, or corporate event, oak alley plantation restaurant & inn features top-notch services, catering, and scenery for an unforgettable event. talk to our sales manager for day or evening events to book the perfect location for your event.


learn more about event hosting










testimonialsacclaim for oak alley plantation restaurant & inn



★★★★★
friendly service, nice atmosphere and great foodafter your tour of the plantation come eat here. friendly service, nice atmosphere and great food. we started off with 2 appetizers, the seafood su gratin and spinach artichoke dip. both were delicious but the seafood [au] gratin was my favorite. next we had the cajun medley that came with [etouffee], gumbo and andouille sausage. it was all delicious and a great option if you want to try a little bit if everything. we finished with the chocolate pecan pie, which was rich but delicious.
– daniel a.




★★★★★
friendly service, nice atmosphere and great foodwe decided to shop and then have a snack after our plantation tour. the fried green tomatoes topped with crawfish tails and sauce was over the top with flavor. the mint tea was not overly sweet and so refreshing. light batter but seasoned very well. the waitress was lovely
– millie h. 




★★★★★
highlight of our new orleans tripwe spent a night here, and it was the highlight of our new orleans trip. we were treated like visiting royalty instead of just guests. full menu breakfast comes with it, and then we were there for an early tour of the house before crowds started to arrive. at night, you have full access to wander the grounds, which was a little spooky, but very relaxing and a time for quiet, private strolling. the luxury cabins (we stayed in #8) are fantastic. we ordered supper from the restaurant, and it was waiting for us, at no extra charge, in our cabin. that was a perfect move, as it let us arrive late and not have to rush to eat or get there. definitely recommend a stay here.
– lucy




★★★★★
i 100% suggest it!!!i absolutely loved this place!!! from the adorable cottage (we stayed in #4 which is about a century old) to the beautiful grounds we loved it all! we stayed here after a cruise and honestly this was better then the cruise! you get 24hr access to the ground so you can go “ghost hunting” after dark. we did not find any ghosts but an adorable cat followed us around the entire time! the breakfast in the morning was very good! we spent the next day just hanging around the grounds enjoying the picnic tables and loving the beautiful weather we had. we stayed here until we had to get to the airport. it was extremely comfortable and enjoyable. i also loved learning about the slaves. they got into their lives and really brought them to life in the self guided tour. if you get the chance to stay here i 100% suggest it!!!
– christine k.





about us
about oak alley plantation restaurant & inn

established in 1976, oak alley plantation, restaurant & inn is nestled in the heart of louisiana’s river region, between new orleans and baton rouge. surrounded by history, this establishment offers guests a unique blend of southern culture, culinary experiences, and relaxing lodgings. visit us today and learn more about oak alley plantation.

learn about oak alley






newsletter sign up



plan your visit to oak alley plantation restaurant & inn

come experience the charm and comfort of our cottages, savor the delicious southern cuisine at our restaurant, and immerse yourself in the culture and traditions that have shaped the river region.

at oak alley plantation, we’re not just about history; we’re about creating timeless memories. we invite you to become a part of our story and create another memory in yours.

book your visit







 








 






 

spend the nightmenu toggle

cottages book now evening meal service
diningmenu toggle

breakfast menu lunch menu group dining
host an eventmenu toggle

weddings corporate events private events
plantation toursgift shopaboutmenu toggle

area information staff gallery faqs
contactmenu toggle

directions & map hours of operation job opportunities
 

book nowbook now 



search for:

  


















cottages
events
dining




testimonials
job opportunities
plantation tours




about
contact
directions







3645 highway 18 (great river road)vacherie, louisiana usa 70090
phone: 225-265-2151 or 1-800-44alleyfax: (225) 265-7035


 




book your staycheck availability & book onlinebook now
 

 

search

 









copyright © 2025 oak alley plantation restaurant & inn
 



privacy policy | sitemap
 



powered by catapult creative media
 









start typing and press enter to search 


search...


  








scroll to top






































































