




            
                
                    jpl robotics: 
                
            
            
                home
            
        













skip navigation





nasa

jet propulsion laboratory


california institute of technology




jpl robotics












home


who we are



groups


people




what we do



applications


flight projects


research tasks


charter




how we do it



systems


facilities




gallery


achievements



publications


patents


awards




careers


news












mobility and robotic systems
section 347brett kennedy, managerjulie townsend, deputy managerjessica millenbach, business managerwelcome to the jpl robotics website! here you'll find detailed descriptions of the activities of the mobility and robotic systems section, as well as related robotics efforts around the jet propulsion laboratory. we are approximately 190 engineers working on all aspects of robotics for space exploration and related terrestrial applications. our primary objectives are to develop technology for in-situ exploration of the solar system, and infuse this technology into spaceflight missions. we focus on providing capabilities for mobility across and above planetary surfaces, and manipulation for instrument placement and sample collection. this includes system architectures; mechanical and electrical design; and software for perception, control, simulation, and operations. to learn more, please use the menu bar above to browse our website.
student opportunitiesjpl's robotics internship opportunities can be found posted at jpl's student careers website. hr manages those student programs for jpl and offers exciting and rewarding experiences for students in a variety of disciplines.additional student opportunities can be found at the jpl education office student opportunities page. jpl's education office offers a several student programs that afford stem students the opportunity to gain valuable experience at jpl.postdocs interested in gaining experience in the field of robotics are encouraged to apply to opportunities listed at the jpl postdoc website.







graphical user interface:  mer rsvp





roams simulation of rover slippage





jpl stereo vision





msl manipulation





insight mars lander instrument deployment





autonomous puffer





multimodal locomotion enabling ocean worlds science operations





darpa subterranean challenge





mars science helicopter





previous



next










what we do








driving











floating











small body orbiting











subsurface access











instrument placement











sampling











construction











modeling & simulation











user interfaces











military & terrestrial











onboard science





















end-to-end sample acquisition and caching demonstration
in preparation for the mars 2020 rover mission to mars, jpl researchers demonstrated autonomous sampling and sample caching in the laboratory. this video shows the complete sequence of activities of the manipulator and caching subsystems. (7m27s)
more videos








in the news






jpl racer completes experiment 5
the racer project has recently completed a successful demonstration during darpa's racer experiment 5 at fort cavazos, tx.







aerobots on the rise
the venus aerobot project team completes a successful field test in blackrock desert, nevada.







robotic snake, coming to a glacier near you
jpl's eels project team to conduct field test at the columbia icefield in jasper national park.



more news







get the newsletter

your email






follow jpl







all











home





who we are





what we do





how we do it





gallery





achievements





careers





news










nasa




caltech




jpl privacy statement




image policy




feedback









site manager: tony tran
webmaster: designlab digital
                jpl clearance: cl# 21-6518
            

















