










le monde diplomatique - english edition















 







february 2025



subscribe
donate

en |
        fr |
        +


sign in




 














search:





		real journalism — making sense of the world around us
		




home

current issue

past issues
archive
maps
blog
podcast
follow us
about

 


















			venezuela’s never-ending crisis
		

 christophe ventura, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		on 10 january nicolás maduro was sworn in as president for a third term following an election contested far beyond the habitual opposition to the bolivarian revolution. why has it resolved none of venezuela’s problems? →
















			chile: in search of a consensus for reform
		

 victor de la fuente &
libio pérez, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		mass protests in chile in 2019 paved the way for gabriel boric’s leftwing government to come to power. but with his time as president almost up, what became of his promise to transform the country? →









			fair pay for women
		

 hélène richard, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  













			europe’s paper army
		

 philippe leymarie, 
			july 2019 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		it’s a sound idea to set up a european defence force, but the practicalities are daunting. where does the eu’s territory stop, and can states agree on funding and rules of engagement? →

















			the greens, driving force of german militarism
		

 fabian scheidler, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		stability used to be one of germany’s greatest virtues. not any more. a political crisis has triggered an early federal election on 23 february. and europe’s largest economy has been in recession for two years. german industry has been hit by (…) →






















				 current issue:
					february 2025
			

				…south korea, the power struggle isn’t over yet; israel’s wars, the new bloodlands; sednaya and the cia; keir starmer and the lobbyists; greens, now the driving force of german militarism; gabriel boric hasn’t delivered on his promises for chile’s transformation; why nicolás maduro’s reelection hasn’t resolved venezuela’s ills; genocide, is vengeance ever justice? how taiwan built a bike making industry on migrant labour; east germany’s past dreams of a future utopia; untold stories of algeria’s independence struggle…

				







		from the archive
	





			the effects of a communications revolution 
		

 jacques ellul, 
			may 1965 
			 
		
		
			
		












			untold stories of algeria’s independence struggle
		

 selim derkaoui, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		messali hadj has a strong claim to be the father of algerian nationalism, but he was never welcomed back to his homeland after independence, and memory of his movement has long been suppressed. →









			february: the longer view
		

		
		
				 
			
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			
		




















			uk: labour and the lobbyists
		

 peter geoghegan, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		in transparency international’s corruption perceptions index from january 2024, the uk fell to twentieth place, its lowest ever ranking. it’s not hard to see why: a (…) →












			is sudan still a state?
		

 gérard prunier, 
			march 2024 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		seven million people have been displaced and around 20,000 killed in sudan’s bloody, ongoing civil war, which has deep roots in the country’s history. now, with a fast growing regional food crisis, sudan is sliding into chaos. →
















			east germany’s past dreams of the future
		

 jens malling, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		the gdr planned eisenhüttenstadt as a model town in the 1950s. now that its population and steelworks have shrunk significantly, will it become a living monument to a failed utopia? →












			south korea: anatomy of a coup gone wrong
		

 renaud lambert, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		president yoon suk-yeol’s december coup was over within hours, but it wasn’t an impulsive act. details soon emerged of careful planning and a readiness to risk confrontation with north korea to bring it off. →



















			big tech’s kings with no clothes
		

 benoît bréville, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		the us tech giants – with market caps that rival the gdp of entire nations, a tight grip on the dissemination of information and ubiquity in social interactions – had begun to seem more powerful than states. whether minting (virtual) currency or conquering space, their overweening ambitions seemed boundless. however, the sight of the big tech bosses submitting to donald trump’s will reveals them as kings with no clothes, ultimately dependent on political power. amazon founder jeff bezos makes tens of billions of dollars on multiple federal government contracts. mark zuckerberg, (…) →












			looking inside ai’s black box
		

 victor chaix, 
auguste lehuger &
zako sapey-triomphe, 
			november 2024 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		on 10-11 february, paris hosted the artificial intelligence action summit. in november 2024, victor chaix, auguste lehuger and zako sapey-triomphe wrote about these systems’ lack of neutrality, and deciphered the ways in which ai is a political machine. →









			the us ‘torture memo’
		

 barbara koeppel, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		coverage of syria’s prisons overlooks their decades-long use as key destinations for extraordinary rendition, where terror suspects were sent for brutal interrogations. →












			what does russia want in ukraine?
		

 sergei fediunin &
h. r., 
			january 2024 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		despite unprecedented western military aid, ukraine’s counteroffensive has failed. kyiv fears russian neo-imperialism; history reveals other dynamics. →









			eisenhüttenstadt: the districts of a socialist town
		

 cécile marin, 
			january 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		sources openstreetmap; www.eisenhuettenstadt.de /stadt-verwaltung; petra pudemat, nationalatlas bundesrepublik deutschland, institut für länderkunde, leipzig, 2002 →
















			the bicycle industry’s dirty secret
		

 peter bengtsen, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		cycling may be green but taiwan, the global centre of bicycle manufacturing, has built an industry on migrant labour and dodgy employment practices. →












			russia struggles to fill jobs
		

 alexey sakhnin &
liza smirmova, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		with its military-industrial complex running at full steam, russia is suffering from a severe labour shortage estimated at five million people (…) →










































			drc: chaos and misery of a failed state
		

 erik kennes &
nina wilén, 
			may 2024 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		over the night of 26-27 january, the city of goma in the northeast of the democratic republic of congo fell to the march 23 movement (m23) rebel group and (…) →












			the geopolitics of the seabed
		

 didier ortolland, 
			january 2024 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		there are huge, and highly valuable, deposits of rare earth metals on the seabed, vital to a successful energy transition. but who has the right to exploit them? →
















			is vengeance ever justice? 
		

 razmig keucheyan, 
			february 2025 
			 
		
		
			  


	   
		a century ago, a young armenian gunned down a turkish politician for his part in the genocide of his people. the case still raises profound questions about what constitutes justice in the wake of atrocities. →












			france and algeria, a long history of distrust
		

 akram belkaïd, 
			november 2021 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		relations between algeria and france are becoming more strained by the week. according to one algerian senior official, ‘we are not far from diplomatic ties (…) →
















			the bloody rebirth of bangladesh
		

 nafis hasan, 
			october 2024 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		a un report into a violent government crackdown against protesters in bangladesh between 1 july and 15 august last year has said it may amount to ‘crimes (…) →












			pope francis won’t be ‘the west’s chaplain’
		

 timothée de rauglaudre, 
			february 2023 
			 
		
		
			
		

	   
		pope francis has condemned russia’s invasion of ukraine, saying it’s morally acceptable to arm the ukrainians, and (…) →





















the return of rail
in the mid-19th century, the spread of the railways radically changed the relationship between humans, time and space. within just a few decades, europe, north america, russia and india were covered in train tracks, and rail reduced travel times between booming cities by ten. with an almost absolute monopoly (…)

→

receive your free ebook now:




your email



please leave this field empty:



le monde diplomatique may process your personal information for our legitimate business purposes, to provide you with our newsletter, subscription offers and other relevant information.
click to learn more about how we use your data.




 




newsletter

						enter your email address here:
					









please leave this field empty:


subscribe
please enter your email address



by clicking ‘subscribe’, i agree that i have read le monde diplomatique’s confidentiality policy and data collection policy.










please leave this field empty:


subscribe
please enter your email address



by clicking ‘subscribe’, i agree that i have read le monde diplomatique’s confidentiality policy and data collection policy.










						change email / unsubscribe
						



follow us



 rss


  twitter


 facebook









subscribe






lmd digital
read each new issue online, receive our articles by email. full access to our online archives.


uk £3 / month
usa / canada $3,70 / month
other countries 3,30 € / month

read more






lmd print + digital
delivered each month to your door plus unlimited access to our online archives.


uk  £3,60 / month
usa / canada  $5,50 / month*
other countries  5,50 € / month*

* these prices include shipping costs for addresses outside the uk.


see all subscriptions 



archives







france’s shoestring polar research

 clémence guetté, december 2024
		
		  



	 
		french scientists have made major contributions to polar research, but funding cuts are jeopardising their ability to add to our understanding of this remote region and its part in (…) →









myanmar: from labour resistance to military rule

 stephen campbell, january 2025
		
		  



	 
		myanmar’s transition from military dictatorship was abruptly halted by the coup in 2021. but despite its brutality, the junta has failed to stop popular protests, labour (…) →









france’s evangelicals flex their political muscle

 eva thiébaud, january 2025
		
		
		 
	


	 
		evangelicals are a significant political force in the us, with highly conservative views on marriage, the family and reproductive rights. their french counterparts are trying to (…) →









representing israel on meta

 sam biddle, december 2024
		
		
		 
	


	 
		jordana cutler ‘represents facebook to israel, and israel to facebook’, giving israel unmatched influence over meta. →








maps







eisenhüttenstadt: the districts of a socialist town

				cécile marin, january 2025
			      










island of living fossils

				cécile marin, january 2025
			      










syria after its long civil war

				cécile marin, january 2025
			      










everyone wants a piece of the antarctic pie 

				cécile marin, november 2024
			      









contact us / 
			the team /
			subscriptions / 
			donate




blog







hong kong’s national security law on show

 victoria jones, 14 january 2025
		
		
		 
	


	 
		the hong kong museum of history has recently opened a national security exhibition gallery, dedicated to the infamous national security law imposed in 2020. organised by the (…) →









a 70-year odyssey against the tide

 le monde diplomatique, 23 november 2024
		
		
		 
	


	 
		1954 

in the 1950s, diplomacy was intensifying due to the cold war, wars of independence, new states and the deployment of international institutions. the editor of the daily le (…) →









is donald trump indestructible?

 serge halimi, 5 november 2024
		
		
		 
	


	 
		régis debray once suggested that europe was so much under washington’s thumb that its citizens should be able to vote in american elections to determine their own destiny. trump’s (…) →









cuba’s economic crisis: us sanctions and the problem of ‘overcompliance’ 

 joy gordon, 7 october 2024
		
		
		 
	


	 
		cuba has faced many economic crises, but the current one is different. it is far worse than even that of the early 1990s, when cuba lost all trade with the soviet bloc, and at the (…) →









podcast







is china intent on remaking the world order?

		
		march 2024
		
		
		 
	


	 
		on this month’s podcast we’re joined by le monde diplomatique’s new asia head, renaud lambert, who writes in the current edition of the paper about china’s global ambitions (‘china: (…) →









the price of being israel’s best friend

		
		february 2024
		
		
		 
	


	 
		our guest on this month’s podcast is eric alterman, cuny distinguished professor of english at brooklyn college and author of we are not one: a history of america’s fight over (…) →









taiwan’s history, taiwan’s future

		
		january 2024
		
		
		 
	


	 
		taipei-based journalist alice hérait is our guest on this second podcast of the month on significant elections. alice has a piece in the january edition of the paper entitled (…) →









us election: the case of south carolina

		
		january 2024
		
		
		 
	


	 
		with the us primary season now under way, in this month’s podcast we turn the spotlight on the electoral contest in south carolina, home state of prominent trump challenger nikki (…) →





			subscribe: 
			rss apple google youtube spotify tunein playerfm podinstall





classic texts







the effects of a communications revolution 

 j. e., may 1965
		
		
		 
	


	 
		today, forms of mass communication, especially telecommunication, are developing and perfecting themselves at a pace that is difficult to imagine — faster, perhaps, than any other (…) →









the language of the foreigner

 jacques derrida, january 2002
		
		
		 
	


	 
		on 22 september 2001 jacques derrida, philosopher, writer and professor at the école des haute études en sciences sociales (ehess), was awarded frankfurt’s theodor-w-adorno prize. (…) →









what is literature for?

 juan goytisolo &
günter grass, november 1999
		
		
		 
	


	 
		the german writer günter grass won the 1999 nobel prize in literature, a decision that delighted all those who have admired the radical power of grass’s writing since the tin drum (…) →









the media, the intelligentsia and pierre bourdieu

 jacques bouveresse, february 2004
		
		
		 
	


	 
		the media have begun to value media criticism, which now appears in newspapers and on radio and television, generally in a fairly harmless form. it allows them to be seen as final (…) →








international editions


le monde diplomatique, originally published in french,
			 has editions in 20 other languages 


 









the newspaper
follow us
newsletter
contact us
the team




services
subscriptions
institutional subscriptions
donations
confidentiality policy




about us
who we are
find lmd
international editions
friends of lmd




le monde diplomatique
archives
podcast
blog
maps



 






