


darwin awards: evolutionary action





















home
darwin awards
survivors
rules
search
slush pile








    the darwin awards: evolutionary action
  

    the darwin awards honor those who tip chlorine into our gene pool, by
    accidentally removing their own dna from it during the spectacular
    climax of a 'great idea' gone veddy, veddy wrong.



hot august historic awardees

armor history lesson: 16 years ago...
(26 august
      2006) haphazard armor

      england | darren's death was a puzzle.  the 33-year-old was found
      slumped in the hallway of his house, bleeding from stab wounds.  had
      an assailant attacked him? police could find no supporting
      evidence. a year later the inquest revealed why darren can take his
      place among the stars of the darwin awards.  left alone in the house
      while his wife was on holiday, he decided to he decided to 'fork
      around and find out' if his new jacket was stab-proof...





pallet history lesson: 5 years ago...
(august 2017, japan) forklift
      around and find outlogistics was uppermost
      in the mind of a warehouse employee of tanarumono
      logistics. the worker needed to change a light bulb ten
      meters overhead and the forklift could only reach 2.5 meters, clearly
      not close enough. expressed as a math problem: a person can reach
      a light fixture 2 meters overhead — and wants to replace a
      lightbulb 10 meters overhead — so how many 15-cm wood pallets
      must be stacked onto a 2.5 meter forklift platform, to reach the
      burnt bulb?


title suggestions from readers
"the odds were stacked against him"
"jenga difficultly level: 10"
"stack attack!"
"an unpalatable death"
"pallatative care"
"skidmark"





heedless history lesson: 25 years ago...
(77%) out
      of their minds
 23 august 2007, holland || 
      darwin notes: "this sort of thing is rare today because
      changes were made to vehicles to protect the guilty, but for awhile
      there were quite a few incidents reported to the darwin awards."
holland || a group of employees was thrilled to enjoy a
      team-building bus tour, and get a break
      from bau (biz as usu).  it was sunny, and the more boisterous
      employees enjoyed sticking their heads out of the rooftop window
      like puppies in the wind.  and then it happened — two men
      were singing lustily as the wind caressed their faces, when the bus
      entered a viaduct...
       
      and the heedless became the headless. . .
        which really isn't a thing, they only snapped their
      necks, a quick and painless death and a lesson for the rest of us.






train history lesson: 20 years ago...
(2 august 2002) long lonesome train


    kansas | driving along interstate 35, an olathe driver's sloppy-jalopy
    broke down. attempts to repair it were futile. so the man pulled out a
    cellphone—the mobile's moniker in 2002—and called for a
    tow. as he ambled along the railroad tracks parallel to the freeway, he
    focused intently on the device (as one does) and was utterly oblivious
    to the sound of a train whistle...

      the train engineer reported that he covered his left ear
    so he could better hear the conversation on his device!


chicken history lesson: 27 years ago...
(79%) count
      your chickenssix people drowned monday while trying to rescue
      a chicken that had fallen into a well in southern egypt. an 18 year
      old farmer was the first to descend into the 60-foot well. he
      drowned, apparently by undercurrent


wild animal history lesson: 15 years ago...
(77%) beer
      for bearsserbia | it's well known that alcohol impairs
      judgement.  it's well known that carnivorous wild animals and humans
      don't mix.  what happens when we combine all three...?


swimming pool history lesson: 14 years ago...
(77%) one
      foot in the pool...indonesia | charles had just completed his
      studies at king william's college, and his dreams were ambitious.  he
      planned retire by the age of 30.  unfortunately for charles, his
      expensive education omitted an important lesson from the
      curriculum...


grenade history lesson: 16 years ago...
(76%) hammer
      of doombrazil | august brings us a winner from brazil who
      tried to disassemble a rocket propelled grenade by driving back and
      forth over it with a car. this technique was ineffective...


'chinese fire drill' history: 12 years ago...
(76%) ride 'em cowgirl

      in that much of a rush? a cautionary tale for those who can't spare
      the time to slow down and do things properly.  kentucky kelita hicks
      was travelling 'at highway speed' down country road 519 in her


'crossing the road' lesson: 8 years ago...
(76%) race to the death

      for most people, the danger of fast traffic is obvious; for example
      few would be foolish enough to attempt to cross a major interstate
      with 80-mph/130-kph traffic.  rare that anyone dies walking across a
      busy street, but then... there is kevin ward.


mini history lessons: rando years ago...
(75%) darwin
      awards shortsthese five random snippets were collected from
      emails over the past decade. their origins and veracity are
      unknown. a man in a diabetic shock swerved off route 2 in lexington,
      mass


flotation history lesson: 16 years ago...
(74%) faithful
      flotationgabon | during an impassioned sermon, a congregation
      was surprised to hear their 35-year old pastor insist that one could
      literally walk on water, if one had enough faith...


snake hunting lesson: 23 years ago...
(71%) smarter
      animalsan iranian hunter was shot to death near tehran by a
      snake that coiled around his shotgun as he pinned the reptile to the
      ground. another hunter reported that that the victim, named ali,
      tried to catch the snake alive by pressing the butt of his shotgun 


diy history lesson: 12 years ago...
(70%) do
      it yourself, do yourself inah, summer, the most blissful of
      seasons, when darwin's most popular summertime activity -- do it
      yourself stupidity -- kicks into high gear. meet charles, 34, a
      denver masonry contractor who works with


greyhound bus history: 13 years ago...
(70%) missed
      the busa 24-year-old woman was ironically successful in her
      attempt to catch a bus in quebec city.  clutching a can of pop, the
      woman ran into a restricted area...


roller coaster history: 23 years ago...
(69%) roller-coastertales
  of roller-coaster accidents are the stuff of nightmares. it turns out
  that such tragedies are less common than folklore would have us
  believe. in the science of roller coasters, ted oehmke reveals that there
  have been only 42 such deaths in the last 11 years. it 


'military intelligence' history: 23 years ago...
(69%) intelligence
      blundersa deadly explosion in the philippines was linked to
      careless nbi agents smoking near a bucketful of dynamite
      powder. remnants of hand grenades, bullets, and weapons were
      scattered far and wide...


'king louis iii' love history: 1140 years ago...
(69%) lovestruck
      louis iiiblindly following lust, the world came crashing down
      upon the head of king louis iii, overzealous ruler of
      francia. despite great military success, great loss followed on its
      heels when a comely lady caught his eye...


astronomy history lesson: 23 years ago...
(66%) lights
      outon friday the 13th, scott and his sister kimberly had an
      electrifying experience while attempting to view the annual perseid
      meteor shower. scott, an aspiring young astronomer, set up his
      telescope for a closer view of the sky. alas, poor scott did not
      reflect on the 


electric resistance lesson: 23 years ago...
(63%) resistance
      is futilea us navy safety publication describes injuries
      incurred while doing don't's. one page described the fate of a sailor
      playing with a multimeter in an unauthorized manner. he was curious
      about the resistance level


jet ski history lesson: 23 years ago...
(61%) wet
      will hethis story sounds like an urban legend, but it's
      true. rodney was jet skiing around lake washington, enjoying the sun
      and the power between his knees. but he noticed that his battery was
      beginning to fail. he idled over to a dock near juanita beach park 


eclipse history lesson: 23 years ago...
(60%) mental
      eclipsea 42-year-old man killed himself watching the eclipse
      while driving near kaiserslautern, germany. a witness driving behind
      him stated that the man was weaving back and forth as he concentrated
      on...


rock throwing lesson: 20 years ago...
(57%) a
      rocky rollan innovative petty crime spree turned into a
      darwinian opportunity when a vancouver man fell out of a minivan
      while throwing rocks. five men had been denting mailboxes and moving
      cars with their low-tech missiles, when 2


diving history lesson: 23 years ago...
(49%) show
      offa 27-year-old man, bent on impressing three boys, dove
      into the ocean from an 80-foot cliff. he was knocked unconscious by
      the impact with the water and rocks below. one boy climbed down the
      cliff and dragged the man from the sea, while his friends called for
      help. 


car tire lesson: 22 years ago...
(49%) tired
      of it alldaniel was tired to death - literally -- at the
      buckeye ford dealership in london. he had sneaked onto the lot in the
      wee hours of the morning with theft on his mind. his modus operandi
      was to jack up t


sauna history lesson: 23 years ago...
(45%) sauna
      kills monkan elderly buddhist monk and three of his followers
      died after spending hours in a homemade herbal sauna. five others
      remain hospitalized in serious condition. the poorly constructed
      sauna had been set up in a basement room in the bungrasi buddhist
      temple near bangkok. the group 


gym electricity lesson: 22 years ago...
(28%) power
      punch proves fatalian was a fitness fanatic and self-employed
      electrician living in an english seaside town. he had recently
      converted one room of his cottage into a new gym. among the weights
      and exercise equipment hung a...


wheelchair safety lesson: 12 years ago...
(25 august
      2010) angry wheelchair manas the
      video shows, an agrry man is rolling toward an elevator as the doors
      close and the lift departs.  annoyed, he reviews his options and
      choosed to back up, ram his wheeled chair into the reinforced shaft
      doors, and repeat three times until literally breaking
      through. plunging down an empty elevator shaft is a weird way to die,
      but his perseverence paid off;with a darwin award.




darwin awards featured in the news!


professor
william mccomas named 2020 winner of prestigious
friend of darwin
award!! william f. mccomas, parks family distinguished professor
of science education in the college of education and health professors,
named one of the three 2020 winners of the prestigious friend of darwin
award for his impact on evolution education.

misc media, short snippets
salon 2000
    interviews webmaster wendy: "we're with stupid."
salon 2000: 'they coulda been a contender'

research:
  study supports the theory that men are stupid. source of data: darwin
  awards archive.
what
    a way to go: woman who created the darwin awards wants to be a winner
    someday
cool safety
    infographic from best nursing masters.com

https://www.toptal.com/designers/htmlarrows/math/
𝒟𝒜ℛ𝒲ℐ𝒩𝒜𝒲𝒜ℛ𝒟𝒮
☝☢☣☠☯♡✌✍—➠∞

human language in chains

 language evolves! but our culture in its tidy way locks us into a
 particular spelling for each word, insists on a rigid sentence grammar, on
 correct pronunciation and not wrong wrong pronunciation. (and anyway why
 is 'pronunciation' so hard to say?)  these artificial constraints on puts
 a living language into a straightjacket. discourages us from writing
 'thru' and 'donut' and b/c -- the offical ('offal') language is tedious,
 cumbersome, a fading snapshot. bejeezus!
  --thanatologist wendy darwin

captain ahab meet captain obvious: civilization is incompatible with life on
   earth. "happy earth day! today and everyday." 


humans
    win dodo award

"who will have
      the last laugh?"
    

would a dodo make a
    great darwin award medallion? think: "you're extinct, ya stupid dodo!"
    cool idea... but
    <cough> calling dodo dumb does not sit well with me. the bird
      was a meek member of the pigeon family, easy to catch and eat, and
      extincted by man in 1691 only 100 years after its 'discovery'. this
      lovable
      dodo picture may help us see our behavior clearly. human ate the last
      dodo. humans
        are devouring every bit of the biosphere. 
"dumb as a dodo" meet "slow as a sapien" 

--thanatologist wendy darwin









advanced search







home
rules
faqs
awards
slush
site map


darwinaward | 
      honorablemention | 
      personalaccount | 
      urbanlegend



    >> the darwin awards, by wendy northcutt <<
  




