








colleges of distinction



































































 

skip to content






menu







top colleges 2025
colleges of distinction award lists
advice for students
how to choose schools
about


find schools




























learn. grow. succeed.

colleges of distinction is a trusted resource for guidance counselors, parents, students, and hundreds of colleges and universities across the u.s. we help students find the right college using our four distinctions.
explore the colleges of distinction nationally recognized colleges >>






find the right school for you




 



 
engaged students

you’ll have every opportunity to take an active part in your learning.




 
great teaching

academic innovation goes hand-in-hand with personalized learning.




 
vibrant communities 

speakers, seminars, unique films, and artistic events—you name it, these schools have it.




 
successful outcomes

you’ll be equipped to find better solutions in both the workplace and the world at large.











advice for students







top colleges with affordable out of state tuition

tyson schritter 
for many students, the idea of attending an out-of-state college or university is both exciting and daunting. the opportunity to experience a new environment, meet diverse groups of people, and gain independence is appealing. however, the cost of out-of-state tuition can be a significant barrier. fortunately, there are affordable options available for those who wish […]
read more about top colleges with affordable out of state tuition



advice topics
application process
campus visits
college finals
college life
college search
more ...


 

45 best college graduation rates for 2025

tyson schritter / colleges of distinction  » 
graduation rates are one of the most popular statistics used to rank schools. keep reading to see our list of 45 best college graduation rates.
read more about 45 best college graduation rates for 2025




my college experience as a transfer student

martin simeonov / eastern washington university » 
being a college transfer student can feel like one of the most overwhelming periods of one’s life. from counselor meetings to new friends, it can feel as if a new revision of your life has taken place. the change can feel stressful as you enter a new school with a different culture and way of […]
read more about my college experience as a transfer student




more articles






the mega list of scholarships you should apply for



you’re about to head off to college, and experience so many exciting things. but that also means you’ll need money to support you along the way. luckily, a lot of companies and organizations want to help you— they offer various grant and scholarship opportunities for students like you. to get you started, we have devised a mega list of scholarships you may be eligible for.


scholarships mega list





pay less for college!



most middle and upper-middle income families are surprised to learn that with a little planning, they can significantly lower out-of-pocket college costs, maximize grants and scholarships, and minimize debt.
we’re teaming up with smarttrack® college funding, the nation’s leader in developing strategic college funding plans, to assist our clients with the financial piece of college planning. they’ve helped over 250,000 families affordably reduce the cost of higher education, often by tens of thousands of dollars per year.


your savings start here













 
colleges of distinction was founded on the premise that there are hundreds of remarkable colleges across the united states, each with a unique strength to offer the next generation of college-bound students. we connect these colleges to curious, talented students.
best colleges in the us
top affordable colleges
best career services colleges
best public colleges
top private colleges
nursing colleges of distinction
business colleges of distinction
engineering colleges of distinction
colleges in california
colleges in illinois
colleges in new york
colleges in pennsylvania



contact us
nominate a school
media & release
privacy & terms
 



        © 2025 colleges of distinction        website made by the mac


instagram
facebook
twitter
linkedin
tiktok


are you an adult degree seeker?
discover abound 



























 



