






































proton treatment and research center | lluh proton therapy treatment center



      skip to main content
    










secondary navigation



            university
  



            healthcare
  




utility navigation



        directions
  



        giving
  


 search site



menu

























site navigation




            proton advantage
  





            why choose us
  





            treatments
  





            patient resources
  








search


submit








search


submit




utility navigation



        directions
  



        giving
  


 search site



























about our center

world-class care
we've led the world in proton therapy since 1990. learn what our treatment center offers you and hear from some of our past patients.
watch video





proton therapy

get started today
we're here to answer your questions and help you get started. request an appointment or a free information packet today.
contact us
















contact us  800-776-8667
 request info  find a doctor























proton treatment and research center
proton therapy is the most advanced form of radiation therapy, offering you safe and effective treatment for cancer, tumors, and other conditions. painless and non-invasive, proton therapy helps you maintain your quality of life and quickly resume daily activities.










prostate cancer

proton therapy treatment continues to improve the quality of life for men with prostate cancer through dedicated research and cutting-edge proton radiation therapy.
learn more








breast cancer

the best possible outcomes for breast cancer come with early detection and treatment. proton radiation therapy is a non-invasive and low-risk treatment option.
learn more








lung cancer

proton therapy is a safe and effective treatment for early-stage, non-small cell lung cancer, producing fewer and milder side effects than standard radiation therapy.
learn more












other conditions treated

acoustic neuroma
chondromas and chondrtosarcomas
meningiomas
arteriovenous malformations (avms)
isolated brain metastases
pituitary adenomas
uveal melanomas
nasopharynx
oropharynx
sarcoma of the paranasal sinuses
parameningeal rhabdomyosarcomas
hcc, pre-transplant, and metastatic lesions
other pediatric conditions











quick facts




29
years of experience


23,460+
patients treated


14,821+
prostate patients treated













why choose us for proton therapy

your health is in the best hands with our team. as the world's first hospital-based proton treatment center, we’ve treated tens of thousands of patients, performed decades of research, and trained experts from most other centers.
read more








stay active with proton therapy

our proton therapy patients can take advantage of many activities and discounts including support groups, monthly activities, membership at the drayson center, our wellness facility, and discounts to hotels and attractions.
learn more



















what our patients are saying

“i came in every day for two weeks, was there for about a half-hour each time, then went home or to work... everyone was just wonderful: very professional, yet very warm. at loma linda, people get it; they know how a patient feels. they have empathy here, and sensitivity.”

ann hughesbreast cancer patient

















many strengths. one mission.
a seventh-day adventist organization










11234 anderson st. 
loma linda, ca. 92354               1-800-protons
                           1-800-776-8667
             




many strengths. one mission.
a seventh-day adventist organization






resources



            mychart
  



            medical records
  



            billing and insurance
  



            patient notices
  



            clinical trials
  





locations



            urgent care
  



            emergency
  



            medical center
  



            all locations
  









            giving
  



            volunteer
  



            website feedback
  





            hipaa statement
  



            privacy policy
  



            standard charges
  



© 2025 loma linda university health












