


sanibel delight - sanibeldelight.com












































































sanibel delight




























vacation rental 
                                condo 
                                in 
                                sanibel, 
                                fl






















home



about
photos & reviews
news
amenities
rates
booking
map & location


contact

























4 guests · 1 bedroom · 1 bath







yes






yes






no






ask






no





book now 

(239) 938-5701daytime




ask for paula reiss between 9am-9pm est

email us 



 





sanibel delight
please note the photos are pre hurricane ian so the furnishings are not the same but will be similar. i will provide new photos as soon as they are available. even though my unit is ready, there is still work on the property which may be disruptive. some amenities may not be available. i apologize for any inconvenience. we are working hard to get everything back to its former condition with minimal disturbance to our guests. please bear with us and be patient.sanibel delight is a privately owned, non-smoking, 1 bedroom/1 bath condo at the sundial resort. it has stunning views of the gulf although, technically not beachfront. this unit is newly remodeled, following hurricane ian. b402 sustained, water damage, from the roof, but has been mitigated, repaired, tested and certified to be free of mold.this unit is not part of the resort rental program. you are restricted from using their amenities, unless you purchase a resort day pass. if you would be interested in trying this, please contact the resort directly at (866) 565-5093 for pricing and availability. the elevator is expected to be functional by march 1.there is a pool just outside the building that you are welcome to use and three others on the east side of the property. we are still waiting on delivery of some pool equipment so the pool is still closed.pickleball, tennis, the beauty salon, bars and restaurants are all open to the public, so you are free to enjoy those. contact the resort for reservations and pricing.amenities include:lovely, top floor, location for a quiet get away on sanibel's famous beaches. exceptional beach views spanning the width of the unit.the sound of the surf, with the floor to ceiling, wall to wall, sliding glass doors, in both the living room and bedroom. 1 king bed and 1 queen sofa bed. the bedroom is walled off, for privacy.two 1 speed bicycles, as well as everything you will need to play at the beach, including cooler and beach towels.keyless entry.$300 deposit holds the unit with balance due 1 month prior to arrival.license #20-00021023




 





 photo gallery 



 what our guests are saying





great place, great stay 
this apartment has everything you need for a fabulous vacation in sanibel island. a week was too short to enjoy it all!
the owner is very accessible and helpful. everything was very clean, in order, ...read more.

*i 
                    of ninety six, sc us
reviewed oct 24, 2019




just perfect! great view! 
this little condo is just perfect! we stayed a week with our two young kids and really enjoyed it! the view is great, loved being able to have coffee in the morning and see the ocean, but also all the...read more.

*sam and nicloe 
                    of clermont, fl us
reviewed jun 18, 2019




perfect spring break 
this was our second time staying at sanibel delight and it was perfect (again).  we particularly love all of the amenities that the condo has to offer.  we've already booked again for next spring brea...read more.

gina 
                    of roanoke, in us
reviewed apr 14, 2019




amazing stay 
this property was spotless! i have stayed in dozens of private condos and this was by far one of the cleanest. it had all the kitchen utensils you could want, steps from the beach which was never crow...read more.

*amy 
                    of bellefonte, pa us
reviewed apr 11, 2019




lovely condo 
this is our 5th year staying in paula's lovely condo.  it is very well equipped making our stay for a month delightful.  paula has given the condo great attention to detail.  she has thought of everyt...read more.

sue and jerry 
                    of lennox, ma us
reviewed apr 10, 2019




great condo! 
great views, immaculate, tastefully furnished, comfortable condo! i've been coming to sanibel for 15 years and this is the first condo i would return. the owner, paula reiss provides her guests with e...read more.

*andrea 
                    of fairfax, va us
reviewed dec 12, 2018




wonderful vacation!!! 
my son (8) and i stayed at paula’s beautiful condo labor day weekend 2018 and had such an amazing time.  this is especially incredible due to the fact that red tide was still present in the area... an...read more.

christina 
                    of tallahassee, fl us
reviewed sep 6, 2018




get away weekend 
paula, we had wonderful time at your condo! we had everything we needed, it was very comfortable and close to the beach. thank you for making the place perfect!

nancy 
                    of cincinnatti, oh us
reviewed jun 17, 2018




our little piece of heaven 
i think it was seven years ago we made our first time visit and look forward to the same week each year. we did sneak another week once and have never been disappointed. paula continues to add and upd...read more.

ray and patrice 
                    of s.e. conyers, ga us
reviewed jun 10, 2018




wonderful vacation! 
once again, we had a wonderful time.  we've been staying at paula's condo for about five years or so and have never been disappointed.  everything one needs is there, even things you'd never have thou...read more.

paul and arita 
                    of ne kasson, mn us
reviewed feb 28, 2018






more reviews

previous
next





 






the latest from sanibel delight






 





amenities & accommodations
the bedroom has a king bed and is walled off from the living area, for privacy.a queen sofa bed is located in the living room, providing comfortable accommodation for 4 guests. steps to the beach and heated beachfront pool. the unit is well stocked with most everything you will need for a fun, relaxing, beach vacation. bring your personal effects and some groceries. you will be ready to go.large smart tvs  are located in the living room and bedroom. enjoy cable tv, with movie channels, or log into your own streaming accounts to watch your favorite shows. games and puzzles are available.storage room, downstairs holds pretty much anything you need for beaching, including 2 bicycles and helmets.

vacation rental condo amenities

  television  pool  air conditioning  central heating  full kitchen  washer & dryer  bar  outdoor grill  wireless internet  free parking  keyless entry  beach access  balcony  you are not charged a resort fee  as a result  resort amenities are not available with this unit. currently  a day pass  to access the amenities  is available through the resort. please contact the resort directly at (866) 565-5093 for details.
you will have use of the resort bars and restaurants  4 out of 5 pools  on property  tennis and pickle ball (available for a fee)
also provided by the owner: linens (including beach towels)  2- one speed bikes  beach chairs  umbrellas  sand toys  coolers  board games and puzzles (some for children)  a small library of books (some for children).





 





 rates


rate perioddailyweeklypeak: feb 1-apr 18, 2025 (7 night minimum)$365$2,555shoulder-spring: apr 19-may 2, 2025 (7 night minimum)$275$1,925summer/fall: may 3-dec 19, 2025 (3 night minimum)$250$1,663christmas/new year: dec 21, 2025-jan 3, 2026 (7 night minimum)$365$2,555shoulder-winter: jan 4-jan 31, 2026 (7 night minimum)$275$1,925peak: feb 1-apr 18, 2026 (7 night minimum)$365$2,555shoulder-spring: apr 19-may 2, 2026 (7 night minimum)$275$1,925summer/fall: may 3-dec 19, 2026 (3 night minimum)$235$1,645christmas/new year: dec 21, 2026-jan 3, 2027 (7 night minimum)$365$2,555surcharges for holidays and special seasons may apply. all currencies are shown in usd.




book, directly, to avoid service fees charged by rental sites.book early for best date selection. 





rental policies and conditions
payments accepted: credit cards, online checks, personal checks.





cancellation policy: cancellations made 60 days in advance will be refunded 100%. after 60 days any refund will be, at the discretion of the manager, based on the ability to rent the dates at the same rate.hurricane policy: a reservation is not cancellable due to the prediction of a hurricane that is more than 48 hours from landfall. if an evacuation order is issued, after your arrival, you will be required to vacate and will be refunded any remaining days. no hurricane parties. the island has one way on and off. you will be required to leave before the bridge is shut down.smoking policy: for the health and comfort of other guests, please, no smoking in this unit or on the lanai.pet policy: the association' insurance policy does not allow guests to bring pets. pets you see on property belong to owners.housekeeping: the unit is professionally cleaned, prior to your arrival. there is no daily maid service. if you wish additional service, it can be arranged for a fee.





 




 availability & booking


to check availability and book direct, choose your check-in and check-out
                        dates by clicking them on the vacation rental calendar.
						upon choosing your dates you will receive a detailed quote and customize your
						reservation.
						



















locationlocated at the far west end of sundial, this unit tends to stay quiet and much less crowded than the area in front of the main resort, yet is an easy walk for anyone wishing to dine, shop or have a drink at the resort. we are immediately adjacent to sanibel's miles of bike paths.enjoy the stunning view with your morning beverage, while watching the beach come to life.

























follow us
connect with us











contact us
for vacation rental condo questions:



                        send inquiry
                        




or call and ask for paula reiss between 9am-9pm est:



(239) 938-5701 daytime




















manager login
                            
                              
                            vacation rental software and secure online booking website by 
                            vacation rental desk.
                            ©2025 vacationrentaldesk.com.



















 
 


 
 

 
 



 






