




















	
  master brewers association

















































































































join | renew | contact | 
									
log in





it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.





















about
governanceleadershipdei resourcesstaff contactsadvertise
membership
joinrenewonline communitymember directoryvolunteernominationawardsmy accountmember referral programsocial media kit
districts
district resources
meetings
calendar of eventsbrewing summit 2025wbc rewindconference archivesdistrict presentation archives
education
courseswebinars on tapmaster brewers podcastmaestros cerveceros podcastscholarshipsbrewers book club
publications
technical quarterlybooks
brewing resources
ask the brewmastersbrewery safetyfood safetytech nowvendor searchbrewpedia
job center
post a job
store















about







governance





leadership





dei resources





staff contacts





advertise







membership







join





renew





online community





member directory





volunteer





nomination





awards





my account





member referral program





social media kit







districts







district resources







meetings







calendar of events





brewing summit 2025





wbc rewind





conference archives





district presentation archives







education







courses





webinars on tap





master brewers podcast





maestros cerveceros podcast





scholarships





brewers book club







publications







technical quarterly





books







brewing resources







ask the brewmasters





brewery safety





food safety





tech now





vendor search





brewpedia







job center







post a job










master brewers association of the americas









home block 1​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​new from master brewers!call for 2nd vice president nominations the nominating committee is seeking candidates for the officer position of 2nd vice president on the executive committee. this is your opportunity to nominate a member with exceptional leadership skills or nominate yourself. candidate qualifications and information on the position are available online. nominations are accepted through march 20, 2025. 



new course—lockout/tagout
 make safety a priority in your brewery! enroll in our lockout/tagout (loto) course to learn everything you need to know to create and implement an osha-compliant loto program. with self-paced lessons, real-world examples, and a q&a forum, you’ll complete the course with a ready-to-use program tailored to your brewery’s specific needs. 
               register now!  

master brewers member referral program
 refer colleagues and save! members can earn 20% off their membership dues for each new member they refer. share your passion and help us shape the future of brewing. 
      start earning your discount!   





home block 2 header​​​​​​explore our membership benefits​​​​​





home block 2 section 1​​​ask the brewmastersask questions and receive answers and input from your fellow brewers.
collaborate ​n​ow​



home block 2 section 2​​districts​​​find your local brewing community and network with other members in your area.
connect today​



home block 2 section 3​webinars on tapview live and on-demand webinars to gain practical knowledge and skills.
grow your skills​





home block 2 section 4courses​​gain insight and technical expertise in specialized classes from industry thought leaders.
expand your expertise​​



home block 2 section 5leading publicationsdelve into brewing technology with 
   ​technical quarter​​​ly and specialized topics in our 
   bookstore.
discover resources​



home block 2 section 6master brewers podcastlisten weekly to interviews with the industry's best & brightest.​











home bar text​​​join a community of professional brewers that love what the​y do​



home bar buttonjoin today!​






home block 7 header




home block 7 image 1



home block 7 image 2



home block 7 image 3







home block 3 header​​​​​upcoming events


home block 3













home block 4 image



home block 4 textbrewing summit 2025submissions are open now!now accepting abstract, pre-meeting workshop, and focus session submissions.  share your latest discoveries and innovative solutions to today’s brewing challenges.​ 
    
learn m​​ore​​​​​





home block 5 image



home block 5 text2025 coursesenrollment now open 
   

master brewers hybrid courses combine virtual and in-person 
instruction for interactive learning experiences with subject matter 
​experts and opportunities to broaden your professional support network.
 ​ our courses provide ​a solid brewing foundation for students new to 
brewing school and advanced knowledge fo​r those desiring to learn 
more​.&
enroll today!​​​​​






home block 6





home block 8 text 
  new in technical quarterly
looking at hop sustainability—an interview with alicia adler, director of the hop research councilstan hieronymus interviewed alicia adler, director of the hop research council (hrc), regarding her role in the organization and what she has learned working with hop growers and dealers and with brewers.

brewing a sustainable future: a holistic approach to eco-friendly beer productionrod waite, tim wolf, and hugo patiño provide an overview of means by which brewers can achieve an ecologically friendlier beer production and distribution process.



home block 8 image

























about
join
contact
advertise
privacy policy
email deliverability


































