






homepage | midwest adoption center inc

































































skip to content
































aboutour services services for adopted persons services for former youth in care services for adoptive/guardianship parents services for birth family members services for professionals services for current youth in care information and services for individuals who received an outreach lettercontact usdonate now




 




×
aboutour services services for adopted persons services for former youth in care services for adoptive/guardianship parents services for birth family members services for professionals services for current youth in care information and services for individuals who received an outreach lettercontact usdonate now


















































aboutour services services for adopted persons services for former youth in care services for adoptive/guardianship parents services for birth family members services for professionals services for current youth in care information and services for individuals who received an outreach lettercontact usdonate now












search



 







 







 







providing resources and information
to individuals & families



touched by adoption and foster care in the state of illinois. 







learn more








































 











providing resources
to individuals & families



touched by adoption and foster care in the state of illinois. 







learn more































services for
adopted persons


if you were adopted through foster care in illinois and would like to know about your background, time in care or locate a birth relative, we may be able to help. 

 


















services for
adoptive & guardianship parents


find non-identifying information about your child’s birth family before they joined your family to help you and your child. 

 


















services for
birth relatives


if you are a birth parent or other birth relative of a child who was in foster care in illinois, we may be able to help locate your birth relative. 

 




























our impact



in the majority of cases, we are able to locate a sought after individual. when that individual is located, our caseworkers attempt to establish a connection that is most comfortable to all involved parties.  















71%
birth relatives located











982
clients served in 2020











53%
established some level of connection
































featured stories



stories from real clients of mac and their experiences with the programs offered. 















											from a birth sibling in our dcfs program:									



			october 9, 2024	


“i am grateful for this agency, without them i would not have connection with my birth brother. we have been separated since birth. i am forever grateful to finally be…










											from a birth parent client in the dcfs program:									



			october 9, 2024	


before reading this story, please note there is a trigger warning regarding sexual assault. identifying information about other individuals in this story has also been removed to maintain confidentiality. this…










											from a birth sibling in the dcfs program…									



			october 1, 2024	


“this was a long but very rewarding process. i started in 2016 but my sister was under the age of 21. i exchanged letters with her mother but they stop.…










											madeline m. – caseworker									



			april 16, 2024	


madeline joined mac in 2023 as a caseworker in the dcfs program. madeline completed her bachelors degree in applied behavioral sciences from national lewis university.










											grace k. – caseworker									



			april 16, 2024	


grace has been working at mac as a dcfs program caseworker since august of 2023. she received her bachelors degree in social work from the university of illinois at urban-champaign.










											from a surviving relative of an adult adoptee									



			august 15, 2023	


i always wanted to know a little about my father’s bio family. for some reason he didn’t want to talk about it. unfortunately he passed away. so i used the…










											from a former youth in care									



			august 15, 2023	


“my story is the same as every child raised by the state of illinois. growing up under dcfs care was very difficult in the 1960’s. i went through so much…










											from a former youth in care in our dcfs program:									



			february 17, 2022	


“sometimes to understand your present, you need to go back to the past. many times it’s our childhood. for many of us that was a very painful and difficult period…










											from a former youth in care in our dcfs program:									



			february 17, 2022	


“it was helpful being able to relive my past. i was able to bond with my sibling about some of the memories it brought back up. reflecting on all the…










											from a birth parent in our dcfs program:									



			february 17, 2022	


“well by the grace of god & everybody there that assisted me in the process of reuniting me with my son. please do know that you guys were heaven sent…





































your resources



below are some resources that may be helpful to you.  










illinois adoption registry






state central register






adoption decree






advocacy office






il adoption act






dcfs path beyond adoption










illinois adoption registry







please note, to search in illinois, you must register with the illinois adoption registry and medical information exchange (iarmie) and provide proof of registration before search services can begin. if you are not eligible, the registry will return your packet and inform you of the outcome. you will still be able to search, even if you are not registry eligible. 
this office is also responsible for the provision of original birth certificates. 
for registry specific questions and forms, please click on the link below. 
http://dph.illinois.gov/topics-services/birth-death-other-records/adoption/iarmie
 






state central register







for various reasons, there may be a time when you need to access investigation records about a case you were involved in. 
only specific people can access abuse investigation records. for more information on who can access records and how to do so, please click on the link below. 
https://www2.illinois.gov/dcfs/aboutus/notices/documents/foia_access_to_can_investigation_records.pdf
 






adoption decree







please note, this information is for adoptions completed in cook county only. 
if you were adopted in cook county, you may be able to obtain a redacted copy of your adoption decree. 
if you need a decree from another county, you will have to visit that county's court page. 
for information on how to request a copy of an adoption decree in cook county, please click on the link below. 
http://www.cookcountyclerkofcourt.org/newwebsite/departments/county-division/kb/receiving-certified-copy-of-adoption-judgment-orde.aspx
 






advocacy office







the advocacy office for children and families responds to complaints, concerns, inquiries and suggestions about the department of children and family services. the staff provides referrals to appropriate dcfs staff and suggestions to executive staff for improvements and changes to the department. 
if you have a specific issue, question or concern that cannot be handled by midwest adoption center, the advocacy office may be able to help. for information on what they do and how to contact them, please click on the link below. 
https://www2.illinois.gov/dcfs/aboutus/documents/advocbro.pdf
 






il adoption act







the link below will take you to the illinois adoption act. this is the law upon which mac services and ci services are based on.
https://www.ilga.gov/legislation/ilcs/ilcs3.asp?actid=2098&chapterid=59
 






dcfs path beyond adoption







for additional resources such as counseling, preservation programs, tuition information and fee waiver programs, please go to the link below.
http://www.pathbeyondadoption.illinois.gov
 






























get in touch



talking with one of our staff about your situation is the best way to know if we will be able to help. we welcome your phone call or email inquiry.










contact


name


first



last

email

messagecaptcha
  

























 




















midwest adoption center
2860 south river rd.  •  suite 450
des plaines, illinois 60018
(847) 298-9096     •     info@macadopt.org







© 2021 midwest adoption center, all rights reserved.









 

scroll to top




































