








metro realty group - commercial real estate services - sales & leasing












































































































email us:
sales@rockvilleoffice.com







call us:
(301) 946-9600







services:
md-dc-va-ca-fl























learn more



home
meet our team
recent transactions
contact
 









 








 
commercial real estate – sales & leasing  (md-dc-va-ca-fl)















multifamily





warehouse





industrial





office / flex


metro realty group is a network of commercial real estate brokers and investors.  our goal is simple:  bring together like-minded investors and customers in a discreet, cost-effective manor.  our brokers and advisors are trusted professionals with access to opportunities throughout the united states.   if you’re interested in buying, selling, or leasing commercial property, our experienced team can meet your needs.  we can “soft-market” your property with no exclusive agreement.


if you have questions about a property, click here or call 301-946-9600privacy & discretion


we understand the value of privacy & professional discretion.  our goal is to protect the confidentiality of our investors and limit any disruptions to their properties or tenants.







cost effective


unlike traditional brokerages, metro realty group assumes a “match-making” role for commercial property investors.  our unique business model can save thousands of dollars in fees.







trusted professionals


enjoy peace of mind knowing that trusted professionals are looking out for you.  our experienced team is always available, and will be there for you throughout the process.








 

















commercial real estate - sales & leasing



learn more





maryland – dc – virginia realty advantage
realty advantage of maryland llc
realty advantage of dc llc
realty advantage (virginia)
2403 research blvd, suite 203
rockville, md 20850
call  301-946-9600

 

california – florida realty advantage (california)
license:  dre 01909623
7545 irvine center drive
irvine, ca  92618
realty advantage of florida llc
110 e. broward blvd
fort lauderdale, fl 33301











home
equal housing opportunity
terms of use 



                                        © 2016-2024 metro realty group ltd                                    




 





























 







send to email address



your name



your email address




close












login area
welcome
















remember!


forget password?





login




 


dont have an account?
 sign up











register new account
hello





















i agree to the terms & conditions





register



 


have an account,
 sign in here






