



national electrical code connection















home 
| search 
| 
about 
us  


nec articles | quizzes 
	| questions answered, $115/hour               
	






 



 

national electrical code articles and information
 codebookcity: straight info on the national electrical code and construction codes generally. 



this site began as a place to find codebooks, but our supplier of 14 years went 
out of business after obama massively drained capital out of an already 
staggering economy ($6 trillion in deficit spending in 2012 alone).so now we 
just have our code-related content. and it's great stuff, primarily if your interest is 
the national electrical code.
national electrical code quizzes 
| national electrical code explanations and 
free articles
the national electrical code. like all construction code books, exists to protect the public 
and private end-users. in liability suits, the "should have known" principle applies. if you are responsible for the design, management, or installation of a
project, you are liable for code-covered issues.

the bad news is that code books often appear intimidating or even incomprehensible. the good news is that appearances can be deceiving. the following tips will help you understand how best to use code books.
code book tips
most code books are laid out in the following sections:

credits, boilerplate, and introduction
a statement of scope or application
definitions
a theoretical, tutorial, or explanatory chapter (usually)
requirements for standard applications (may be several chapters)--the "meat"
information for special applications
tables and references.

so, follow these tips:

read the table of contents, first. this will tell you the general layout of the standard.
read through the code, cover to cover, but not all at once. spending half an hour or so at a time,
maybe once in the morning and once in the afternoon, is the most effective way. use a highlighter to note items that strike you as especially important.
as you read through the code book, determine which areas of this particular code apply to your project
and make a note as to where they are.
go back and re-read the areas that apply to your project. read a logical grouping (section, article,
etc.) all at one time. take notes, if necessary, either on separate paper or in the margins.
if the standard has examples, work through ones that may apply to your project, using your own data. this
will allow you to see the principles of the standard in action.
review completed work against the standard. don't wait until the project is complete--do the review as
each major task is complete. this will keep the code fresh in your mind.


code compliance is not optional. ignorance of the codes is no excuse under the law.


pages.txt | 
sitemap.xml


