





nocoug - northern california oracle users group












































about nocoug
join nocoug
sponsorship
vendors
online survey
nocoug board
site map





join our email list
* required
email address: * 



first name: * 



last name: * 



enter the letters shown above:*

email marketing by verticalresponse







the nocoug journal
              is the newsletter of the northern california oracle
              users group. the nocoug journal is published quarterly and mailed
              to all members.














	next conference







registration for nocoug 2024 spring conference on thursday,may 16, 2024














	upcoming conferences



save the date:


may 16, 2024


aug 15, 2024


nov 21, 2024


































call for papers:
              if you are interested in giving a presentation at one of our

         







              future conferences, or writing an article for the nocoug jouranl, send us an
              email.











 attend
              nocoug conferences to learn from the experts, meet technical representatives
              from oracle corporation, and network with your peers. learn more
              about nocoug conferences here.
              you can also download presentations
              from past conferences.




































                    the northern california oracle users group is an independent,
                    volunteer organization dedicated to the education and representation
                    of the users of oracle corporation's database and tools
                    software. nocoug is celebrating its 35th year in 2021!
we are a dynamic group of around 500 members from all over northern
                    california. typically from 200 to 250 members and guests attend
                    our meetings each quarter.
                    nocoug events take place at various locations around san francisco
                    bay, including redwood shores, san ramon, and pleasanton. many
                    of the presentations from our recent conferences are available
                    for download. 

                      we have some terrific, long-term meeting site sponsors
                      as well as vendors who help support
                      our organization 

nocoug
                      and the independent oracle users group (ioug) are alliance
                      partners. we encourage you to learn more about ioug by visiting
                      the ioug website at
http://www.ioug.org.







nocoug
                      is actively looking for volunteers to help organize our
                      conferences and other events. if you are looking to get
                      involved, then contact
                      us. 
nocoug
                      does not support employment recruiting, so please do not
                      forward job search requests to us.




      copyright © 2021 nocoug. all rights reserved. 


 



