














brine group: staffing & recruiting | healthcare & it staffing


























 




facebook
linkedin
twitter
instagram







(781) 272-3400




	about
overviewmission & valuessuccess storiestestimonialsjoin usbrine group careers
	get hired
our servicessearch jobsreferral program
	find talent
our serviceshealthcare divisionit/software divisioncontact

 


facebook
linkedin
twitter
instagram




 














your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.
            your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.
        








professional
talent acquisition | outreach | search 
 
 





healthcare careers it/software careers






striving for success
brine group is a professional talent acquisition and recruiting firm serving the technology and healthcare sectors. whether you are here to learn more, to partner with us on a job search or to locate the best available candidates for hire, be assured that our experienced team of search professionals will work hard to earn your trust and gain the results you seek. 
 

 

successful searches




			large not-for-profit hospital		
dc, 
assistant director of nursing
 

			world-renowned medical school and healthcare system		
ma, 
nurse manager, radiology

 

			travel agency catering retired americans		
ma, 
vice president of infrastructure services
 

			national developer of military communication tools		
ct, 
android developer

 

view more






“my experience working with brine group has been wonderful.  i’m going on a five year professional relationship with my recruiter built on trust and success.  i have confidence in brine group and strongly recommend them.”
- “dermatology and laser center”, long island ny


 




p (781) 272-3400 f (781) 494-3401 this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.

321 billerica road, suite 100 chelmsford, ma 01824
© 2025. my joomla. all rights reserved. site by altos











