 






metro north federal credit union













 











home
                (current)



about us


membership


news


interest rates


services

services offered
account fees
account terms
disclosures
share accounts
share drafts
atm/debit services



loans


contact us













member login


							virtual branch is online. contact a credit union representative to sign up and receive more information.



























previous



next






				 located in beautiful
				 jacksonville florida 

 call on (904) 757-5562


				 metro north fcu : 
nmls# 440562

dan jones : 
nmls# 2157737
christina fortescue:  
nmls# 2161338








information


×
from the president/ceo

welcome to our web site. we hope you will take a few minutes and browse our site to learn more information about metro north federal credit union.
dan jones.president/ceo




×
identity theft


protect your identity - important security notice
metro north federal credit union will never email or telephone you requesting your personal or account information. 
protect yourself against fraud; never provide personal or financial information such as check or credit card numbers, pins, social security numbers or passwords to unsolicited phone, email or pop-up web site requests. be sure to check your account information regularly for possible unauthorized transactions. virtual branch, our online banking system, is available any time and any where there is internet access.

be identity smart!
protect yourself from the increasing threat of identity theft and identity fraud. criminals and fraud artists are perpetually looking for new ways to scam you out of your hard-earned money and reputation.
		
by using common sense and following a few simple security precautions, you can lower your risk of being a victim of this very personal crime.
identity theft
when a criminal uses another individual’s personal information to “become” that person, it is known as identity theft. it can involve more than the theft or misuse of a social security number. it may also involve credit card and other types of fraud.
 what should you do?

act immediately to minimize the danger to your personal information, including but not limited to, personal funds and financial accounts.
close all compromised accounts that have been established fraudulently in your name.
contact the three major credit bureaus:

equifax: 800.525.6285
experian: 888.397.3742       	
trans union: 800.680.7289


if you are a victim, and the us mail is involved, contact the nearest us postal inspector’s office. contact your local law enforcement agency.


if your social security number was used fraudulently, contact the social security administration at 800.269.0271.

contact the department of motor vehicles (dmv) to see if another driver’s license was issued in your name.

contact the federal trade commission (ftc) at 877.id.theft (438.4338) or visit their web site. if any metro north federal credit union accounts are believed to be compromised, call 904-757-5562.
 
protect yourself
it is not always possible to secure your personal information 100% of the time. however, if you ask yourself these questions and incorporate the following helpful tips, you may greatly reduce the risk of becoming a victim.
 

when is the last time i reviewed my credit report?
you should, at a minimum, review your credit report once a year from each of the three credit bureaus. an alternative is to order one report from one of the credit bureaus every 4th month, thus covering all over a one year period.

 










×
patriot act statement


important information about procedures for opening a new account with metro north federal credit union

membership eligibility and future services- to open or maintain any account(s) or service(s) with us, you must qualify for membership and deposit and maintain the par value of the required shares as provided by the credit union’s bylaws and charter. to verify your eligibility for any account(s), service(s), or loan products, now and in the future, you authorize us to make inquiry to determine your employment history and to obtain information concerning any accounts with other institutions and your credit history, including consumer credit reports. you agree that this authority applies to any account, account-related service, loans or other financial products you request or which we may offer or make available to you. we may also report information concerning your account(s) and credit to others.
to help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, and record information that identifies each person who opens a account.
what this means for you: when you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to further identify you. we may also request a copy of your driver’s license or other identifying documents, to complete your application. 





×
repossessions


information current repossessions at metro north federal credit union


		call christina or dan at the credit union for more details 1-904-757-5562

		currently - we do not have any repo's at this time.


 



×
things you should know


metro north federal credit union has been in operation since 1954 for the purpose of encouraging thrift and providing a unique lending service to you, the member.
these are highlighted areas regarding information that is important to you as a member and your account. for more detailed information please ask for your membership and account agreement brochure. 


overdraft - nonsufficient funds - in order for the share draft system to have complete
acceptability, overdrafts must be held to a minimum. if non sufficient funds occur more
than three (3) times within any one month, further permission to use share drafts may be denied.
a $20.00 charge will be assessed for each draft that is non sufficient


service charges - you agree to pay all service charges that apply to your account. these charges
are subject to change from time to time. a schedule of fees which lists our current service charges. fees and balance requirements is available at the credit union.



waiver of rights & fees - fees for certain service may be reduced or not charged for statement
cycles in which certain minimum, average or aggregate balance requirements are met, as determined by us from time to time. we reserve the right to waive the enforcement of any of the terms of this agreement with you with respect to any transaction or series of transactions. however, any such waiver will not affect our right to enforce any of our rights with respect to later transactions with you. the fact that we, on any given occasion, may enforce or waive our rights does not obligate us to enforce or waive similar rights in the future, nor will this be sufficient to modify the terms and
conditions set forth in this agreement.



garnishment or levy of account- if any of your accounts are garnished or otherwise subject to levy
by lawful legal action, we will not be liable to you for any such sums as we may be required to pay
because of such a garnishment or levy. if we are not otherwise reimbursed, we may charge such
expenses to your account. any garnishment or other levy to your account is subject to the credit
union's lien and security interest.



statements - we will send account statements for all accounts. share draft statement will be mailed monthly and regular share account mailed quarterly. we will mail your statement to the address we have for you in our records, unless you have requested another arrangement in writing. 
if any statement is returned to us because of an incorrect address, we may stop sending statements to you. if you have requested us to hold rather than mail your statements, you must call for them promptly. we will destroy statements being held after 90 days. you will be responsible for the same care in reviewing the statements as if they were mailed. you should carefully examine the statement when you receive it. if you feel there is an error on the statement, or that some unauthorized person has withdrawn funds from the account, you should notify us immediately. we will consider the statement to be correct unless we hear from you promptly (within 30 days of mailing date) after receipt of statement. also, because you, as depositor, are in the best position to discover an unauthorized use of your account by reviewing the statement provided to you, you agree that we will not be liable for paying such items if (a) you did not exercise reasonable care in examining the statement or you have not reported alterations or possible forgeries to us within 10 days of the mailing date of the earliest statement containing these items, or (b) these items were forged so cleverly (as by authorized use of a facsimile machine or otherwise) that the forgery or alteration could not be detected by a reasonable credit union employee.
										
stopping payment - if it has not already been paid, you may ask us to stop payment of a draft drawn on your share draft account. you must tell us, in writing, the exact amount of the draft, draft number, date of draft, payee and the full account number on which it is drawn for us to be able to enter a stop payment. if the information you give us is not correct, or incomplete, we will not be responsible if we are not able to effect the stop payment. there is a 24 hour waiting period before the stop payment is fully in effect. (time consideration - business hours.) the credit union reserves the right to not accept verbal stop payment requests.


closing your account - if you close any account, you are still responsible for paying any service
charges incurred until such time as the balance is $00.00. you agree to pay a dividend penalty if you withdraw any portion or redeem a term share account or ira account before the maturity date. we have the right to close your account or accounts at any time without advance notice. if account is closed prior to dividend posting, accrued dividends will not be paid to account.

 




read me first
about identity theft
privacy notice and disclosure
patriot act statement
repossessions (cars and trucks)
things you should know

online approval

your credit union is now offering personal loans online.
					 check out all of the benefits by clicking here: 'online approval'.

helpful links
for more information on identity theft and what you can do to protect yourself, visit these helpful web sites:

 federal trade commission
social security administration
equifax
experian
trans union
us department of justice
united states postal service
www.fraud.org
www.ic3.gov





the metro north federal credit union
on behalf of the board of directors and staff of metro north federal credit union, we welcome you to our web site. if you have never used a credit union, you will be pleased to discover the personalized attention that your account will receive from our staff as well as the savings on the cost of financial services.


used cars


	
							search for certified used cars online with enterprise car sales. enterprise car sales offers no-haggle pricing so you can avoid unpleasant negotiations and sales games. you'll be pleased with our professional people and low-pressure sales approach.
more details















ezcardinfo 
							introducing ezcardinfo - an interactive tool that gives you complete access to one of your most important financial services - your credit cards. want to manage your card account online? it's easy with ezcardinfo.com












order your checks
							members, you can now reorder checks online through liberty check printers.
							this online order form speeds up the time associated with placing a normal reorder. when you reorder online, charges for your new checks are taken from your draft (checking) account.	 
						






loans



news

new security features
					 get your annual credit report










home -- about us -- membership -- services -- news -- rates/fees -- loans -- contact us
© copyright, metro north federal credit union. all rights reserved.












