      world class led medical lighting » burton medical, llc  
                     
skip to content
800-444-9909






productsexam lights & procedure lightsmagnifierssurgical lightsheadlightstask lightscamerashalogenaccessoriesmarketshospitalambulatorydermatology & plastic surgeryoral healthanimal healthsales & serviceburton medical warranty policywarranty registrationfaqsaboutdownloadscatalogs & literatureproduct imagesorder literaturerep locatorcontactshop
search for:search button



productsexam lights & procedure lightsmagnifierssurgical lightsheadlightstask lightscamerashalogenaccessoriesmarketshospitalambulatorydermatology & plastic surgeryoral healthanimal healthsales & serviceburton medical warranty policywarranty registrationfaqsaboutdownloadscatalogs & literatureproduct imagesorder literaturerep locatorcontactshop
search for:search buttonexperience high performanceworld class led surgical, examination, and procedure lights for human and animal healthcare. 
upcoming tradeshows



                     booth: 4234                                           booth: 1871
featured productsinternationally, burton has been committed to medical lighting for over 95 years.

aim hi ledaim® hi led precisely positioned, high-intensity led modules..op led outpatient ® led the next generation of examination lighting.nova exam lednova exam® ledmeets the demands of today’s clinical examination applications.super exam ledsuper exam® leddelivering superior illumination to a focused area, burton’s super exam led is available in two models: white light, and adjustable color.uv led magnifieruv led magnifierburton’s professional grade smart magnifier offers both uv and white led light.epic led magnifierepic® led magnifierspecifically designed to withstand the rigors of everyday use in cosmetology, industrial, manufacturing, and cleanroom applications.


about usour mission is to enhance your vision, your comfort, and your performance in all exams and surgeries. for more than 95 years, healthcare professionals have chosen burton lights for value, reliability, and quality.

learn more

burton medical, llc2300 w windsor court ste caddison, il 60101(800) 444-9909



burton medical lighting on youtube





burton medical lighting on linkedin

© 2025 burton medical, llc. all rights reserved.this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.



privacy policysitemap



×privacy policysitemap  we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.


necessary							

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.cookiedurationdescription_grecaptcha5 months 27 daysthis cookie is set by the google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".cookielawinfoconsent1 yearrecords the default button state of the corresponding category & the status of ccpa. it works only in coordination with the primary cookie.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.

functional							

functional
functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

performance							

performance
performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

analytics							

analytics
analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.cookiedurationdescription_ga2 yearsthe _ga cookie, installed by google analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors._gat_gtag_ua_7194823_81 minuteset by google to distinguish users._gid1 dayinstalled by google analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.consent2 yearsyoutube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data.

advertisement							

advertisement
advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.cookiedurationdescriptionvisitor_info1_live5 months 27 daysa cookie set by youtube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface.yscsessionysc cookie is set by youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on youtube pages.yt-remote-connected-devicesneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded youtube video.yt-remote-device-idneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded youtube video.

others							

others
other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
save & acceptpowered by 
scroll to top                                


