







metron technology - flow and process control










































































— main menu —home
about us
products - liquid density meters for fluid concentration
- dosing meters for filling systems
- oval gear flow meters
- turbine meters
- coriolis mass flow meters
- flow measurement
- level measurement
- safety valves and relief valves
case studies
contact
 



 




 



 



 



 



 



 








accurate density meters






oval wheel meters engineered to last






leaders in flow meter technology






level measurement solutions






innovative modular dosing meters






proven turbine meter systems













process measurement


metron technology has offered industrial flow measurement solutions for over 25 years.  our engineers specialize in custom systems with products that beat the accuracy and repeatability ratings of larger manufacturers.









industries we serve



oil and gas production
chemical manufacturing
food and beverage packaging
energy development
water and wastewater
agriculture


















exclusive products













liquid density meters


liquid density meters with high temperature capability, simple installation, and the highest accuracy in the industry.










flow meters


we specialize in measuring flow in large pipes with economic and practical solutions. see our hot tap extraction systems.











dosing meters


modular dosing systems for filling of liquids in packaging machines and dosing facilities in the food, beverage and luxury food industry, in pharmacy and chemical industry.










level meters


direct, precise and highly reliable continuous level measurement as well as point level detection in almost every liquid and solid.  special materials and interfaces.











oval gear meters


mass flow meter with outstanding longevity (average 50 year lifespan) and accuracy.  minimal operating and maintenance costs.










coriolis mass flowmeter


german engineered mass flow meter with high accuracy (better ±0.2 %) and repeatability (±0.1%)

















engineered solutions


nothing competes with experience and metron technology has been involved in hundreds of unique flow measurement applications. our engineers tailor specific systems for each customer.
let us evaluate your situation and custom match the correct product to your requirements.
contact us







case studies25octmeasuring flow in large pipes with an insertion magnetic sensorelectromagnetic flow meters are widely used for many applications in the water and wastewater indust...  




 


 







home
about us
products

liquid density meters for fluid concentration
dosing meters for filling systems
oval gear flow meters
turbine meters
coriolis mass flow meters
flow measurement
level measurement
safety valves and relief valves


case studies
contact
 
contact details1401 walnut street, suite 060, boulder, co 80302303-449-8000info@metrontechnology.comcontact form


 





home
about us
products
case studies
contact



copyright © 2017 metron technology, inc.














