











department of communication arts – university of wisconsin-madison – uw–madison


















































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of communication arts

university of wisconsin-madison




search






menu
open menu


close





home
undergraduate
expand


collapse



undergraduate overview
undergraduate guide
the major
declaring
academic advising
certificates
scholarships and awards
internship credit
internship fund
job listings
careers
student orgs
study abroad
frequently asked questions


graduate
expand


collapse



graduate overview
communication science
film
media and cultural studies
rhetoric, politics, and culture
funding and tuition
applying
professional orgs
frequently asked questions
diversity and international students


courses
expand


collapse



courses
media production
summer term


people
alumni
expand


collapse



alumni overview
caps alumni board
newsletters


giving
about
expand


collapse



about
news
strategic plan
history
instructional media center
diversity, equity, and inclusion
contact


 



instructional media center
log-in
 








 


communication arts at uw–madison




welcome to the home of communication studies at the university of wisconsin–madison. we teach the production and consumption of communication in its diverse forms.

 
 
 
 


join communication arts






 



undergraduate program

be a part of one of the most popular majors in the college of letters and science at one of the top public universities in the country. focus your studies on either communication science and rhetoric, or radio, television, and film.

 





 



graduate program

join our renowned graduate program to do groundbreaking research in communication science, film, media and cultural studies, or rhetoric, politics, and culture.

 
 
 
 


latest newswisconsin film festival announces exclusive “first look” preview event at flix brewhouse madisonfilm enthusiasts will get an early glimpse into the highly anticipated 2025 wisconsin film festival at an exclusive first look at the fest event, scheduled for wednesday, march 5 at 7:00 pm at flix brewhouse …february 13, 2025welcoming dru korab to the caps boardthe communication arts partners (caps) board was delighted to welcome dru korab (ba’06) to the committee this past fall. caps members volunteer their time and knowledge to support the department’s teaching, research, and outreach activities. …february 13, 2025it wasn’t easy being green for the actress who originally played the wicked witchgrad student aliea merriam-pigg recently talked with npr about the origins of the wicked witch of the west and her infamous green skin. listen to the full story here.february 4, 2025more news 
more

 

upcoming eventsfebruaryfebruary 20uw cinematheque - madison premieres!on becoming a guinea fowl | zambia, uk, ireland | 2024 | dcp | 99 min. | bemba with english subtitles director: rungano nyoni7:00 pm, 4070 vilas hallfebruary 21uw cinematheque - claudine, coffy, and cleo: three landmark performancescoffy | usa | 1973 | dcp | 90 min. director: jack hill7:00 pm, 4070 vilas hallfebruary 22uw cinematheque - two from angolaair conditioner | angola | 2020 | dcp | 73 min. | portuguese with english subtitles director: fradique7:00 pm, 4070 vilas hallfebruary 27uw cinematheque - madison premieres!universal language | canada | 2024 | dcp | 89 min. | farsi & french with english subtitles director: matthew rankin7:00 pm, 4070 vilas hallfebruary 28uw cinematheque - claudine, coffy, and cleo: three landmark performancescleopatra jones | usa | 1973 | 35mm | 89 min. director: jack starrett7:00 pm, 4070 vilas hallmore events 
more

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website














































 
quick linksinstructional media center
undergraduate advising
commarts kb
commarts internal kb


contact us6116 vilas hall
821 university ave
madison, wi 53706
email: info@commarts.wisc.edu

facebook


x twitter


instagram


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: info@commarts.wisc.edu.
learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.















