


home :: feica



































































about feicafeica in briefwho is whofaqour partnerscontact ushow to reach usour industrymarketstechnologiesfeica market reportsabout adhesives and sealantspu foam (ocf)declaration of intentocf test methodscen standardsocf/spray foam cansour prioritiesregulatory prioritiessustainable developmenthealth & safetyinnovationadhesion innovation awardour projectsconstructionepdspu trainingreach and clpgeneric approach to risk managementmixture allocation factorsafe use of mixturespolymers requiring registrationpaper & packaginggood practicemembershipfeica membersmember benefitsmembership feesbecome a memberjoin a feica working groupinformation centreall information centregood practicesindustry guidelinesstandards & test methodsfeica publicationsfeica market reportsevents & conferencesupcoming eventspast eventsall eventspartner publicationsnewslatest newsfeica blogconnectfeica in the media















 

sealants driving sustainable construction

recent tests have shown that durable solutions like one-component foam (ocf) play a pivotal role in improving energy efficiency and sustainable construction.
click here to find out more and read the ocf durability case study.





 

adhesives in packaging recycling

feica released a list of faqs and other resources that highlight the critical role of adhesives in packaging recycling, sustainability, and food contact safety.
click here to view the publications.





 

a&s sustainability role in construction

find out about 'adhesives and sealants’ key sustainability role in the transition pathway for the construction ecosystem' and european model epds.
click here to read more.





 
european adhesives and sealants market report 2023-2028
click here for more information.









latest news
latest publications







feica privacy policy.pdf

uploaded 28 jan 2025


this policy describes the collection, use and processing of personal data by feica, as the data controller of this information as defined by the general data protection regulation (gdpr) of the eu.
publication ref.: fmi-ex-o01-004
#association

download file 





ocf durability case study.pdf

uploaded 26 nov 2024


case study - sealants and durability: key drivers of sustainable construction
this case study highlights the critical role of sealants in sustainable construction, emphasising their importance in reducing the carbon footprint of buildings. ​key findings of tests conducted on buildings in belgium, the czech republic, and poland involving one-component foam (ocf) demonstrate the effectiveness of sealants in supporting sustainable construction practices. ​view the complete case study

here.

download file 





cos-ex-n11-020 c2050 president uvdl.pdf

uploaded 05 nov 2024


feica co-signs the construction 2050 alliance letter addressed to ursula von der leyen
in support of the european commission’s goals to address the housing crisis, the letter is a call for collaboration between the construction sector and the european commission to tackle pressing housing and sustainability challenges in europe.

#construction #circulareconomy 

download file 












 




                                       				press release: adhesion innovation award 2025
                                                                                           			


04 nov 2024






 


press release - 29 sept is international adhesive & sealant day                                                    


25 sep 2024




 


press release - feica 2024 adhesive & sealant conference and expo                                                    


23 sep 2024




 


feica is an eu-osha official partner 2023-2025                                                    


14 feb 2024










featured topics








adhesive bonding technology in the 21st century
feica and fraunhofer ifam publish book ‘adhesive bonding technology in the 21st century - synergy of technological and ecological potentials’.








good practice stories 
feica promotes excellence in how our members run their business processes to improve sustainable operations and shares examples of good practice. to see all the contributions from our members, please see our good practice stories page.








adhesives and sealants: enablers of a sustainable society
feica publishes leaflet showcasing the significance of the adhesives and sealants industry in terms of economic importance as well as enablers of a sustainable society.


















tag cloud
#circulareconomy
all markets
association
automotive
circulareconomy
clp
connect
construction
cpr
diisocyanates
ducc
durability
education
energysavings
epds
exposurescenarios
extendinglifespan
foodcontact
glossary
goodpractice
hazardousproducts
health&safety
innovation
materialefficiency
mineraloil
ocf
paper&packaging 
poisoncentres
polymers
reach
recycling
repairability
reports
snapshot
standards
testmethods
usedescriptors
voc





members only
the feica extranet contains all information reserved to feica member companies, national associations and their member companies.
access the feica extranet 



feica blog





adhesives and sealants: driving automotive sustainability

24 oct 2024





how adhesives and sealants contribute to europe’s energy goals

30 jan 2024







upcoming events




 sep 10 2025



feica 2025 european adhesive & sealant conference and expo - register now

kursaal congress centre, san sebastian, spain




 sep 16 2026



world adhesive & sealant conference

the qeii centre london, uk




view all

feica offers a range of opportunities to reach 7500+ adhesives and sealants professionals, ideal to enhance your brand awareness.
discover all advertising opportunities here.



 linkedin
 twitter
 instagram
 







                            feica, the association of the european adhesive & sealant industry, is a multinational association representing the european adhesive and sealant industry.
                        




site map


about feicafeica in briefwho is whofaqour partnerscontact ushow to reach usour industrymarketstechnologiesfeica market reportsabout adhesives and sealantspu foam (ocf)our prioritiesregulatory prioritiessustainable developmenthealth & safetyinnovationour projectsconstructionpu trainingreach and clppaper & packaginggood practicemembershipfeica membersmember benefitsmembership feesbecome a memberjoin a feica working groupinformation centreall information centregood practicesindustry guidelinesstandards & test methodsfeica publicationsfeica market reportsevents & conferencespartner publicationsnews






legal notice
•
privacy policy

                    ©feica 2025. all rights reserved.
                





























