




ιkarian centre – learn greek in greece














 










skip to content












ιkarian centrelearn greek in greece





greek coursesexpand


online greek language courses
greek language courses in ikaria
accommodation for our greek language students


accommodation
hiking
contact

 





















ιkarian centrelearn greek in greece





toggle menu


























greek language courses, hiking & accommodation on the greek island of ikaria



greek language courses in greece, island ikaria

since 1995 we have offered greek language courses in greece, on the greek island of ikaria, for students of all language levels. many interpreters and translators, diplomats, classicists, university students and teachers have participated in our greek language courses during all these years. however, the atmosphere in the lessons is very friendly. students learn through a multitude of language games and activities. learn greek in greece, take one of our greek language courses!

greek language courses in ikaria


related  greek language courses:



greek literature course




winter long term courses




easter course




greek lessons for kids







accommodation & co-working for digital nomads

if you work online, why don’t you spend some weeks with us working from a place on an island, with fantastic view to the sea and the mountains and direct contact with the natural environment? in addition, in our place you will meet other people and participate in indoors and outdoors activities we orginize for our guests, such as hiking, cooking evenings, traditional dance courses etc.


accommodation for digital nomads






7 days hiking ikaria

book accommodation at ikarian centre at certain weeks of the year and explore the trails of the island with us. in october november you may also participate in the olive harvest.  everybody is welcome, these outdoor activities are not related with greek language courses.

hiking ikaria
olive picking






















usefullearning greek in greece –  teaching method
learning greek in greece – levels
greek lessons and hiking
do i have to rend a car in ikaria?
how to get to ikaria
 





categorieslearn greek in greece
volunteering
activities & accommodation in ikaria

hiking ikaria


more courses and workshops
uncategorized
 





 after submitting the form, please check your inbox / spam folder for confirmation message and follow the instructions to complete your registration.

 













© 2025 ιkarian centre
 










scroll to top
scroll to top
 












greek coursestoggle child menuexpand


online greek language courses
greek language courses in ikaria
accommodation for our greek language students


accommodation
hiking
contact

 












