













tulane school of professional advancement - new orleans, la









						skip to main content
					













































apply


request info


financial assistance


news


degrees










search















menu











information for



applicants


current students 


faculty & staff













apply


request info


financial assistance


news


degrees





							university info							



primary navigation




sopa info







sopa info






about sopa






advisors, faculty & staff






advisory boards






events






industry & academic partnerships






news






blogs






tour our campus






online learning






webinars






why sopa?






work at sopa








admissions







admissions






admissions






apply






admissions process






credit for life & work






faqs






financial assistance






graduate non-degree seeking student policy






student transfers






tuition & fees






information sessions and webinars








programs of study







programs of study






programs of study






business & leadership studies






education






emergency & security studies






general legal studies






humanities & social sciences






information technology






kinesiology






media + design






public administration








certificates







certificates






certificates






stackable, online graduate certificates






professional certificates






post-baccalaureate certificates








degrees







degrees






bachelor's degrees






master's degrees






accelerated master's programs






minors








student information







student information






student information






register for classes






academic advising






academic calendars






career development






forms






military students






new student orientation guide






policies






report a bias concern






sopa honors






sopa student organization






student newsletter






tech help






tulane university student resources


















account login



start my application


continue my application


mytulane / canvas
























 






				your browser does not support backgroud video
			





					tulane school of professional advancement

				













 








degrees & programs


tuition & fees


online learning


apply now


faq















take the next step

loading...


by submitting this form, you agree to receive information about the tulane school of professional advancement’s programs via email, phone and/or text. you may opt out at any time.






 




apply to the tulane school of professional advancement
the school of professional advancement, or sopa, is the school at tulane dedicated to bachelor’s degree completion, graduate study, and certificates programs in applied fields. take advantage of a potentially life-changing opportunity to further develop your skills and position yourself for career advancement at sopa, the most current iteration of tulane’s long-term commitment to working adults. request information about our degrees and certificates offered online and at new orleans campuses.



 





apply











 


we have the flexibility you need to get your degree










			on campus

			








			online

			








			a combination tailored to you

			













why sopa?
 
sopa is dedicated to meeting the needs of working adult students, whether you are early in your career or a seasoned professional. we offer flexible and responsive advisement and support, and online and on-ground courses and programs that fit your busy schedule.
our dedicated faculty brings both high academic qualifications and years of experience in the field to their classes. in joining us, you are also connected to our strong alumni network and to tulane university—an institution known globally for excellence in higher education.
 




 








 





more about sopa











 













"sopa provided me the opportunity to mix in-class experiences with online learning, which made pursuing a degree in public relations much more convenient."
jermaine smith
b.a. public relations, ‘20















 






degrees and programs available
bachelor’s degrees, master’s degrees, and certificate programs that in many cases . classes can be taken at one of our campuses or online. we offer programs in many applied fields, including information technology, public administration, business, emergency and security studies, health and wellness and exercise science, sport studies, k-12 education, media & design, legal studies, as well as humanities and social sciences degrees specifically geared to the interests of adult students.



 





bachelor's degrees
master's degrees
certificates
















					career development

				

sopa offers career and professional development services to help you fulfill your career goals. we can help you identify your strengths and interests, effectively plan for career transitions, further develop and polish your networking and interviewing skills, pursue career opportunities, and build your professional network. you will benefit from our innovative programs, exceptional support, employment opportunities, and alumni connections.






























			84%
		
median earnings for females 25-34 with a bachelor's degree and full-time employment were 84% higher than for high school graduates.





			86%
		
86% of college graduates age 25-32 feel they are in a career-track job, while 42% of high school diploma recipients report that their job is just a way "to get them by."





			83%
		
83% of bachelor's degree holders feel they have already seen a return on their investment in education.

















 













after years of dissatisfaction and little job security, i turned to [tulane sopa] to attain a certificate in paralegal studies. i received a ba in paralegal studies in 2015 and leveraged my ba to enroll in law school. in 2018, i graduated from law school, passed the bar, and am now an assistant district attorney. oh, and i was 61 when i was sworn in. it is never too late.
janet larue,
b.a. paralegal studies, '15
 















 











tulane university ranks among the best online colleges in louisiana for 2023.













tulane sopa was recently ranked as one of the best online paralegal degree programs.













tulane sopa was recently inducted to the phi theta kappa honor society transfer honor roll.













 





learn more










explore our most recent blog & news posts


 





sopa students honored at mlk brunch
 




online sport studies program at a glance: key concepts you'll master
 




what to know about earning your online mpa in 2025
 



tulane sopa education students examine diversity within children’s books





























 
sopa on social:





































































uptown campusrichardson bldg. #5, suite 2046823 st. charles avenuenew orleans, la 70118(504) 865-5555







footer menu ii


news


tuition & fees


admissions


degrees & programs








footer


jobs at tulane


email


request information


give to sopa


mytulane


gibson online


privacy policy


sitemap























































































privacy
accessibility
copyright





