




 


color council - interdisciplinary society dedicated to advancing color research. join us!















 










about



structure and mission




board of directors




society awards




history of the color council







events



events




fluorescent fridays




cutting edge color lecture series




color impact 2023 conference







color impact 2025



keynote speakers




pre-conference workshops




ci25 color exhibition




ci25 schedule




accommodations




registration







membership




resources



student support grant




quarterly publication




other color organizations




u.s. color researchers born in the 19th century




site map







contact




 


home


join us


login




sharing knowledge + experience about color

research 
design/arts 
industry
education

 







the color council (iscc) is the principal interdisciplinary society in the united states dedicated to advancing color research and best practices in industry, design/arts and education.become a member
 


rochester institute of technologyjune 16-18, 2025registration opens spring 2025

join us for a perfect blend of learning, innovation and
community building for anyone passionate about color!
find out more here.

  





      upcoming events
    






switch to calendar view









iscc webinar - john wiens presents how life became colorful: the evolution of conspicuous colors (and their functions) in plants and animals







when
15 apr 2025


 

	2:00 pm - 3:00 pm



location
virtual





register









how life became colorful: the evolution of conspicuous colors (and their
functions) in plants and animals
in this talk, i will discuss recent work by my collaborators and myself on the evolution of colors in animals and plants. plants and animals are often adorned with potentially conspicuous colours (e.g. red, yellow, orange, blue, purple). these include the dazzling colours of fruits and flowers, the brilliant warning colours of frogs, snakes, and invertebrates, and the spectacular sexually selected colours of insects, fish, birds, and lizards. such signals are often thought to evolve by utilizing pre-existing sensitivities in the receiver’s visual systems (e.g. sexually selected coloration evolved to utilize sensitivities to brightly colored fruit). this raises the question: what was the initial function of conspicuous colouration and colour vision? here, we review the origins of colour vision, fruit, flowers, and aposematic and sexually selected colouration, and when each one evolved. we find that aposematic colouration is widely distributed across animals but relatively young, evolving only in the last ~150 million years (myr). sexually selected colouration in animals appears to be confined to arthropods and chordates, and is also relatively young (generally <100 myr). colourful flowers likely evolved ~200 million years ago (mya), whereas colourful fruits/seeds likely evolved ~300 mya. colour vision (sensu lato) appears to be substantially older, and likely originated ~400–500 mya in both arthropods and chordates. thus, colour vision may have evolved long before extant lineages with fruit, flowers, aposematism, and sexual colour signals.  we also find that there appears to have been an explosion of colour within the last ~100 myr, including >200 origins of aposematic colouration across nine animal phyla and >200 origins of sexually selected colouration among arthropods and chordates.

bio:
john j. wiens is a professor in the department of ecology and evolutionary biology at the university of arizona.  prior to coming to arizona in 2013, he was an associate professor and assistant professor at stony brook university in new york (2003–2012).  before that he was a curator of herpetology at the carnegie museum of natural history in pittsburgh (1995–2002).  he obtained his ph.d. at the university of texas at austin (1995), and his b.s. degree at the university of kansas (1991).  he has served as an associate editor for several journals in ecology and evolution (e.g. american naturalist, ecography, ecology letters, evolution, systematic biology) and as editor-in-chief of the quarterly review of biology.  he is an isi highly cited researcher and a winner of the president’s award of the american society of naturalists.  he has published >250 scientific papers.  he studies many questions in ecology and evolutionary biology, and especially the origins of biodiversity patterns and the impacts of climate change.  he is also interested in phylogeny, speciation, sexual selection, niche evolution, and the biology of reptiles and amphibians.  he has been interested in the evolution of conspicuous colors in animals for many years.




show details












 






 







 news!
deadlines for our student support grant are may 15 and october 15 of each year. this grant is designed to assist undergraduate and graduate students with activities pertaining to color. details and application forms here.


grow your color knowledge learn and connect with color professionals through our events, resources, and programs!
 
the colour literacy project is an educational initiative to strengthen the bridge between art and science in 21st century colour education. this project provides foundational, state-of-the-art resource within a steam framework. teaching guides available for free download.visit colorliteracy.org


join students from all disciplines and network with color professionals. discover state-of-the-art information about color in our lives and applications in the world. new episode every month. one-hour presentation on topics such as branding, architecture, paint, and more.more about fluorescent fridays

consider this the online version of coffee breaks and happy hours at a color conference. byo coffee or beverage and join in the conversation! socialize, network, and learn! discussions are wide-ranging and depend on attendees, their current interests and past experience. register for the next one
 

a deeper dive into a range of topics related to color. 
bold: color from test tube to textile
presented by dr elisabeth berry drago, director of visitor engagement at the science history institute. recorded january 23, 2024.


we are sharing this webinar to non-members for free. visit this link and enter your name and email address. 

 
a look inside our quarterly:
join the color council to receive the entire publication!
 

diffusion material for luminous mosaic images
in this editorial, richard travis presents a follow-up to his 2021 pair of articles about color education and additive color mixing, which also serves to remind us all to have a look at both of his preceding works.
read more>>


blue morphos have a cool color
i first encountered the blue morpho in kai kupferschmidt’s book, blue: in search of nature’s rarest color, which i reviewed in issue 504 of iscc news. there i learned about a tricky problem that the butterfly appears to have solved through natural selection. interference patterns can lead to brilliant structural colors, but the color you see generally depends on the angles of illumination and viewing.read more>>
 










subscribe to our mailing list
subscribe to our mailing list to receive information about our upcoming events.subscribe

 













we are a 100% volunteer-run organization.

mailing address:712 h street ne, suite 1640 washington, dc 20002email us at isccoffice@iscc.org

           

home
history of iscc
structure and mission
board of directors
society awards
membership
cutting edge color webinar series
color impact conference 2025
fluorescent fridays
colorful connections
color literacy project
past events
 







copyright © inter-society color council  | sitemap

 










powered by wild apricot membership software









