

 digital spice – digital with an added dash of spice



























skip to content menu  home 
blog 

photos 
contact me 
cscc 2023 
 close menu blog
contact me
motorsport videographer 
i’m passionate about motorsport, filming and editing. i love to combine them where i can and i’ve supported the classic sports car club for several years, creating video content for their social media channels. these include promotional videos for new series, series sponsors and highlight reels. below are just some of the videos i’ve recently produced.  
season sponsor highlightsan end of year compilation for the cscc tin tops series sponsor, co-ordsportend of season reviewend of season review highlights, premiered at the the cscc annual awards ceremony and dinner dancepost race highlightscinematic highlights produced after each meeting for the cscc   motorsport videography filming in the paddock for the classic sports car club at thruxton  event videography
in addition to specialising in motorsport filming and editing, i’m also an experienced event videographer, covering weddings and corporate events.  i’ve filmed, edited and produced instructional videos, testimonials and promotional content for local businesses in kent and the surrounding area. below are examples of my work and the services i offer to clients.  
about us videosfilming and editing content for “about us” videos to educate clients and customers about your servicestutorial videosi can help you film, edit and produce instructional videos for your products or serviceswedding videosi can capture your wedding day to share with friends and family and relive your memorable day for years to comesocial media content
do you need video content for you social media channels? i can film, edit and produce instagram reels to reach new clients or sponsors. publishing instagram reels for example is a great way of interacting with existing and potential clients and sponsors. 


 

 

 
 


 
 

view this post on instagram

 


 
 
 


 
 


 
 
 



 
 

 
a post shared by marc peters (@digitalspiceuk)


 


 

 

 
 


 
 

view this post on instagram

 


 
 
 


 
 


 
 
 



 
 

 
a post shared by marc peters (@digitalspiceuk)


 
   
back to topwe are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.close gdpr cookie banner accept rejectsettingsclose gdpr cookie banner








 change cookie settingsclose gdpr cookie settings
privacy overview
 strictly necessary cookies powered by  gdpr cookie compliance privacy overviewthis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.strictly necessary cookiesstrictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.enable or disable cookiesif you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. enable all reject allsave changes  

