





  




cruzio internet: wireless, fiber, broadband, colo, offices



























































































































skip to main content





cruzio internet 

contact us
member tools
account center
webmail 
 

search site...





get connected!

 

menu
skip to content

main menuinternetcoworkingcoworkingimage
offices and 9-5 memberships 

office space coworking


move your business to the best-connected office space in santa cruz. fully furnished & fiber-connected.

from $849/mogo



9-5 memberships coworking


join the coworking revolution! workspace, meeting rooms and free 1gbps (1,000mbps) wifi, every day of the week.

from $199/mo go
 
workstations and meetings /events 

workstationscoworking


dedicated, permanent desk space with lockable storage, power, and 1gbps (1,000mbps) fiber internet.

from $399/mo go



day pass coworking


no commitment. work for the day, or several days, for one low price

from $25/day go

24/7 memberships

24/7 memberships coworking


come & go as you please with full 24/7 keycard access and all the benefits of full membership.

from $249/mo go



meetings & events


the perfect venue for classes, high-tech events, community gatherings, and showcases of local talent.

from $15/hour go
enterpriseenterpriseimage
colocation 
colocation data center

state-of-the-art secure facilities, right here in santa cruz. fully-redundant fiber connectivity and power.
from $449/mo
go

dedicated 

dedicatedbroadband

robust. dedicated. scalable. infrastructure-grade bandwidth that’s always there when you need it.
up to 1+gbps from $499/mogo


all services

 
 
 
 







 








 real local folks. awesome local internet. enter your address to get started.








headlines


santa cruz sentinel
mercury news
cruzio blog
ny times
bbc world
santa cruz local
california local
slashdot

links


several new coaches take over spring sports programscerah moren, 25, has been named the head coach of aptos high’s track and field team. moren served as the sprin… hundreds gather in santa cruz for presidents day protestsanta cruz — in an attempt to flip the script on a national holiday that traditionally inspires esteem and hom… mexican musical legend paquita la del barrio dies at 77by berenice bautista mexico city (ap) — mexican musical legend paquita la del barrio, known for her powerful v… watsonville police arrest man on allegations of sexual abuse at day carewatsonville — a watsonville man was arrested last week on allegations that he sexually abused a minor at a loc… adames, posey set tone for sf giants’ spring on first full-squad dayscottsdale, ariz. — willy adames didn’t need much time to excite the contingent of fans seated behind the firs… riverside county sheriff chad bianco announces california governor run in 2026riverside county sheriff chad bianco officially announced monday, feb. 17, that he’ll run for governor in 2026… judge to rule swiftly on effort to block doge from assessing data and firing federal employeeswashington (ap) — a federal judge on monday questioned the authority of billionaire elon musk and his departme… what is the best wine-making starter kit?best wine-making starter kits produced and enjoyed all around the world, wine is a most popular drink, but mak… best mobile hot spotwhich mobile hot spot is best? adventure is out there, but wi-fi often isn’t. if you want to explore the great… best dive watchwhich dive watch is best? are you a scuba diver looking for a watch that can keep up with your underwater adve…  


san leandro: missing woman found safe, alert canceledsan leandro — a woman was found safe within two hours of police sending out a mi… ‘monster hunter now’ season 5 has no new weapon but plenty of changesfor the first time, “monster hunter now” will introduce a fresh season without a… letters: fremont’s homeless camp ban is cruel and misguidedsubmit your letter to the editor via this form. read more letters to the editor…. ‘not my president’s day’ protesters gather across bay areaanger at the trump administration bubbled over across the bay area as hundreds g… letters: usaid is a good place to start spending reductionsubmit your letter to the editor via this form. read more letters to the editor…. canada set for rematch with us in 4 nations final after beating finlandby jimmy golen boston (ap) — nathan mackinnon scored twice. connor mcdavid had a… adames, posey set tone for sf giants’ spring on first full-squad dayscottsdale, ariz. — willy adames didn’t need much time to excite the contingent… bay area to see warmer days, minimal rain this weekthe bay area is in for a stretch of pleasant and mild weather this week with a g… police nab apparent leader of cultlike ‘zizian’ group linked to killingsby michael casey | associated press boston — the apparent leader of a cultlike g… 4 top nyc officials quit amid mayor adams’ corruption turmoilby jake offerhartz and michael r. sisak | associated press new york — four top d…  


first friday at cruzio featuring liminal space!liminal space art collective is a group of santa cruz artists building bridges a… faster internet coming to coastside san mateoearlier this year, the state of california awarded cruzio $5.65 million to impro… 🎨 first friday at cruzioworks!🎨first friday at cruzioworks! get ready to immerse yourself in a vibrant evening… black-footed catsthis cat looks a little like cruzio internet’s logo black-footed cats can be fou… hidden fortress opens cafe at cruzioworksamelia and her staff are super friendly and they serve great food hidden fortres… cruzio got a grant. what that means for youcruzio’s independent network will be enhanced in the purple area — “from summits… cruzio rides the giant dipper (and more)at the end of june cruzio took a well-deserved break and visited the santa cruz… federal internet subsidies are gone — but we’re still helpingstudents benefit from good internet at a center in pajaro valley cruzio’s goal i… sclu takes the win at the memorial day surf contestthe santa cruz longboard union (sclu) takes the victory at the 38th annual memor… equal access in watsonville, camay is affordable housing month! tabasa gardens tabasa gardens housing complex o…  


southwest layoffs will take 15% of its work forcethe company said the cuts, the first round of broad layoffs in the airline’s 53-… prison boss elevated by hochul was accused of rape by 2 former inmatesthe attacks occurred years earlier when bennie thorpe worked at a state women’s… 4 top officials to resign over adams’s cooperation with trumpgov. kathy hochul said the resignations raised “serious questions about the long… judge dale ho faces demands to continue eric adams’s prosecutionas judge dale e. ho considers the justice department’s request to stop the corru… ‘here we go again’: kentucky residents face more destruction and anxiety from stormsthe flood damage of recent days was not as catastrophic as some previous climate… top social security official leaves after musk team seeks data accessthe departure of the acting commissioner is the latest backlash to the departmen… what we know about the kentucky floodsstorms have overwhelmed the state in recent years. on top of the floods, snow is… no evidence of hate crime in transgender man’s killing in upstate n.y., investigators saylaw enforcement officials in upstate new york say that the torture and killing o… trump pushes business interests in golf, mideast and new york as conflicts aboundnorms recognized for decades in washington by both parties no longer appear to a… russia frees american prisoner before talks with u.s.the release of kalob byers wayne, who was arrested on drug charges on feb. 7, ca…  


all passengers and crew survive plane crash at toronto airportthe flight had eighty people on board – 76 passengers and four crew – delta air… watch: why european leaders held emergency ukraine summiteuropean leaders met at the elysee palace in paris on monday for an emergency su… watch: deadly storm hits south-eastern us and canadaat least 13 people have died after a storm hit south-eastern parts of the us.watch: deadly storm hits south-eastern us and canadaat least 13 people have died after a storm hit south-eastern parts of the us.hair: 'it’s just thrown away but it's gold'india is the world’s biggest exporter of human hair but it wants more of the luc… starmer says us 'backstop' needed for ukraine peace dealthe pm says “a us security guarantee is the only way to effectively deter russia… upturned plane lies on toronto runway after crashthe flipped over plane lies on the snow-covered tarmac and appears to be missing… hundreds fired at aviation safety agency, union saysthe firings are part of a cost-cutting drive by the trump administration, that a… trump dispatches ny real estate dealmaker to solve global crisessteve witkoff will play a key role in america’s talks with russia to end the war… pope's health a 'complex clinical situation', vatican saysthe pontiff will remain in hospital for as long as necessary, the vatican has sa…  


senior speed dating draws hearts in live oakparticipants saddle up to the third annual senior speed dating event at grey bea… watsonville council members discuss rail trail optionswatsonville city councilmember eduardo montesino said he wants better transporta… capitola council delays decision on park avenue rail trail optionsthe capitola city council on thursday night delayed a decision on rail trail opt… high wind, rain, surf, slides due for santa cruz countyrain and high wind return to santa cruz county this week. (stephen baxter — sant… rail trail, traffic calming projects on tap for watsonville city councilthe watsonville city council on feb. 11 will hear an update on the city’s neighb… santa cruz wildfire plan aims to coordinate evacuations, water delivery, resourcesthe santa cruz city council could advance a comprehensive wildfire plan at its m… ‘a game changer’: more santa cruz county residents call 24-hour mobile crisis teama mobile crisis response team offers 24-hour, non-police response to mental heal… ‘forever chemicals’ prompt water upgrades at santa cruz county lockupelevated chemical levels in the water at the rountree jail facility near watsonv… bird flu risks described by santa cruz county health officialssanta cruz county health officers said bird flu has not shown up in the county,… president’s order casts uncertainty on santa cruz county rail trail moneythe rail corridor runs by twin lakes state beach near el dorado avenue. (nik alt…  


little santa cruz beats big sugarsc vice mayor shebreh kalantari-johnson on centering health in policy making, an… what does it mean when a wildfire is ‘contained?’ a brief guide to firefighting and fire prevention jargonwhat does it mean when firefighters call a fire “contained?” here’s a brief guid… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out… journalism has a platform problemin which we examine the current state of online news and information discovery a…  


mexico threatens to sue google over gulf renamingmexico has threatened legal action against google after the tech company refused… when a lifetime subscription can save you money – and when it's riskyapps offering lifetime subscriptions may pose risks despite potential cost savin… chase will soon block zelle payments to sellers on social mediaan anonymous reader shares a report: jpmorgan chase bank (chase) will soon start… the 'white collar' recession is pummeling office workerswhite-collar workers are facing their deepest hiring slump in a decade, with one… reddit mods are fighting to keep ai slop off subredditsreddit moderators are struggling to police ai-generated content on the platform,… hardware mod showcases an iphone se 3 in the body of a windows phonea tech enthusiast has successfully transplanted the internal components of an ip… nearly 10 years after data and goliath, bruce schneier says: privacy's still screwedten years after publishing his influential book on data privacy, security expert… apple weighs adding paid business listings to maps appapple is exploring ways to monetize its maps app by introducing paid business li… 'new junior developers can't actually code'junior software developers’ overreliance on ai coding assistants is creating kno… will amazon's return-to-office mandate revitalize downtown seattle?“amazon required employees to work from the office five days a week starting jan…  


little santa cruz beats big sugarsc vice mayor shebreh kalantari-johnson on centering health in policy making, an… what does it mean when a wildfire is ‘contained?’ a brief guide to firefighting and fire prevention jargonwhat does it mean when firefighters call a fire “contained?” here’s a brief guid… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out… journalism has a platform problemin which we examine the current state of online news and information discovery a…  


local

bratton online
city on a hill press
firedispatch.com
firescan.net
good times
hilltromper
monterey herald
press banner
register-pajaronian
salinas californian 
santa cruz comic news
santa cruz indy media
santa cruz patch
santa cruz police department blog
santa cruz sentinel
santa cruz waves
santa cruz weekly



world

abc news
alternet
arts & letters daily
bbc news
broadband reports
common dreams
cnet
cnn
democracy now
digg
espn
fox news
la times 
london times
mercury news
nbc news
needful news
new york times
npr
scitech daily 
sf chronicle 
slashdot
the independent
the onion
the register 
urban legends
usa today 
washington post 
wired
yahoo news






more news...
less news...
back to top of news sources


 




weather

santa cruz weather
half moon bay weather




traffic
click or tap map for live traffic info
more…





surf

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for steamer lane-the point at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for cowells cove at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for 41st ave (the hook - shark cove) at surf-forecast.com. 
more...




about cruzio
cruzio, established in 1989, connects businesses and residences around santa cruz county and parts of the bay area with multi-gigabit fiber internet, business-grade wireless internet, and other internet and web services. our beautiful headquarters in downtown santa cruz serve as an ixp and data center, with colocation, flexible office space and coworking for startups and small businesses.
more…








 
 

 




servicesinternet

broadband labels
equal access internet


enterprise

colocation
dedicated internet access


coworking

office space
workstations
24/7 memberships
9-5 memberships
day pass
meetings & events


 
 


terms of usemaster services agreement
acceptable use policy
privacy policy
internet principles
access agreement
transparency document
member toolscruzio mail
account center
support center
fusion phone tools
speed test
domain tools
network status
cruzioworks
book a meeting room
 
 


about cruzionewsletter signup
newsletter archive
blog
testimonials
join the cruzio team
santa cruz guidecruzio merch
weather
surf
traffic
wifi hotspots
computer/web consultants
 
 



contact us

877 cedar st #150santa cruz, ca 95060
 (831) 459-6301
 email us 












 
 
cruzio serves aptos, aromas, ben lomond, bonny doon, boulder creek, brookdale, capitola, corralitos, davenport, felton, freedom, la selva beach, lompico, pajaro, rio del mar, santa cruz, scotts valley, seacliff, soquel, watsonville, & zayante.
 
 
 


cruzio internet 831-459-6301




cruzio internet














homeinternetcoworking

office spaceworkstationsday pass24/7 membershipsmeetings & events9-5 memberships back
enterprise

colocationdedicated internet access back
member tools

cruzio mailaccount centersupport centerspeed testdomain toolsnetwork statuscruzioworksbook a meeting room back
all servicescontact

				× close panel			






























