






pella, iowa | the good life
















































































































rentals
calendar
find a job

jobs/careers
student job board


volunteer
about

collaborate + connect + community
member directory























 
















work - live - play









work in pella

search for jobs
start a business
available properties
business resources


live in pella

get established
childcare options
education
healthcare services


play in pella

events
outdoor recreation
arts & entertainment
shopping

















in pella, we value the life in work-life balance!









welcome to pella, iowa! the award-winning community with the best outdoor adventures at your fingertips – right in the heart of the midwest. here are a few more reasons to live in pella!









home to iowa’s largest lake – lake red rock


#3 best places to live in the us – usa today


top ten safest cities in iowa


best craft beer bar in iowa – cellar peanut pub


​











future  rec in pella





new recreation facilities
as pella’s population grows, so do the needs in our community. as the city of pella explores tomorrow’s vision for our community, the need to embrace and enhance pella’s amenities is monumental. community betterment projects, such as the remodeling of the pella community center and the development of the pella rec center, aim to support a vibrant, expanding population and workforce in pella. learn more about these projects here.





2025 pace impact awards





nominate a deserving business
pella is fortunate to have an incredible network of businesses, organizations, and individuals whose efforts, philanthropic contributions, and community-focused mindset have helped shape our exceptional community. we invite you to nominate an individual, business, or organization that has positively impacted pella for a pace alliance impact award. nominations will be accepted through friday, january 31, 2025.





the good life
















new faces
did you know that pace alliance members dutch greet all new businesses that open their doors here in pella? let us introduce you to some of the most interesting and inspiring business people as we tell their stories and welcome them to the community.



more about our businesses















life’s too short to wish you lived somewhere else!
when it comes to finding a place to call home, first and foremost, you want a town that’s safe. (we do too!) you want award-winning schools for your children, homes that are truly investments, jobs that pay well with a short commute, and exciting things to do in your spare time. you may be wondering if a place like that even exists? in pella, we know it does!








eat, shop, do








love where you live








career opportunities









looking at pella?
great! we’re glad you’re here. pella is home to some of iowa’s largest employers and they’re looking for smart people like you.
enjoy biking and boating, or kicking it at the beach? iowa’s largest lake is right in our backyard! literally.
usa today says pella is the #3 best place to live in the us. in case you’re wondering, beverly hills is #2.
if a better quality of life and community is what you’re after, take a look at pella.
pella, iowa
big enough to have options. small enough to belong.
​





download guide







with our small-town charm and bustling downtown vibe, pella is a thriving place to call home. think exposed brick and cobblestone streets paired with boutique shopping and the best craft beer bar in iowa. there is a wide range of recreational opportunities from our 15 city parks, outdoor aquatic center to lake red rock with exceptional water sports, camping, fishing, paddle boarding, and over 10 miles of bike trails literally in our back yard. pella offers a great mix of dutch culture and history which is celebrated during tulip time, our annual festival held the first thursday, friday, and saturday in may. you’ll find excellent public and private schools, new and historic neighborhoods, and a safe place to call home. but don’t take our word for it, according to area vibes, pella has a livability score of 92/100, which is considered exceptional!













resources



directory



visit pella











about pace
the pace alliance (pella area community & economic alliance) is an association of business owners and members working collaboratively to advance economic growth and success in the pella area.
the pace alliance includes the functions of a traditional chamber of commerce and an economic development organization with work accomplished through four working councils:

business development
downtown development
economic development
workforce development




business directory
find services, vendors and partners from over 300 pace alliance members here: business directory.

business resources
there are resources dedicated to help you start, grow, fund and learn to manage your business. whether you are new business, high-tech startup, or expanding an existing business. we are here to help.
visit our business resources page or give our office a call at 641-628-2626.



pace blog





say cheeseeeee!

cheese please! meet the owners bob and diane mitchell and kaasy ( the cutest cow on the side of a food truck this side of the mississippi) of kaaswagen food truck!   what is kaaswagen you ask? it’s just that, a dutch-inspired mobile restaurant selling mac and cheese,...
read more





pace facebook feed
comments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction iconspella area community & economic alliance 

	 1 day ago  



new job posting: 	
... see moresee less
marketing & development coordinatormembers.pella.orgjoin the well as our marketing & development coordinator and be a key part of driving our mission forward! this role is ideal for a highly organized individual passionate about event planning, grant w... 
view on facebook

·
share


 share on facebook


 share on twitter


 share on linked in


 share by email

 


 





partner investors













































 























 





 









live here
relocation guide
find a rental
work life in pella
relocate here
get established
demographics
landlord resources
what people are saying about pella
 
jobs
careers in pella
post a job (members only)
 
events
 pella area events calendar

subscribe to our calendar



member directory
meet some of our local businesses
business resources
available buildings & sites
workforce & wage information
 
visit pella
city of pella
map of pella



about pace
join pace alliance
vision/mission
pace member events
councils & committees
board of directors
staff
partnership & sponsor opportunities
our investors
 
pella bucks
 

member login



pella area community & economic alliance
818 washington st
pella, ia 50219
 
hours:
monday-friday
8:00am-5:00pm cst
e: info@pella.org
p: 641-628-2626

followfollow





about pace
the pace alliance (pella area community & economic alliance) is an association of business owners and members working collaboratively to advance economic growth success in the pella area. the pace alliance includes the functions of a traditional chamber of commerce and an economic development organization, with work accomplished through four working councils. councils focus on areas of business development, downtown development, economic development and workforce development.



 


















































