


















frederick county economic development, md | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 














about fcoed







contact us







madeinfrederickmd







workforce services









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 












search







 
 
 


    why frederick      key industries      site selection      resources  


 

 

 

 





 












 














major employers








incentives








demographics










 
 














newsletter








small business insights








buildings & sites










 
 
 

























 














latest news


stay up to date
 






  
 
 















frederick's top 50 manufacturers revealed 


this year's top 50 list highlights frederick county’s wide range of manufacturers in a variety of industries.			read more







frederick county unveils advanced manufacturing profile at annual forum 


building on the award-winning success of the previous publications, “advanced manufacturing” outlines the continued growth of the sector and highlights what makes frederick county one of the premier locations for manufacturing in the united states.			read more







2025 frederick county business insight forum recap 


business leaders and elected officials from around frederick gathered at frederick health village on january 23rd for the 2025 business insight forum.			read more







frederick county wins economic development award 


fcoed has received a 2024 excellence in economic development gold level award from the international economic development council.			read more







life sciences roadmap unveiled 


a strategic initiative designed to foster innovation, drive economic growth, and position frederick county, maryland as a global leader in the life sciences industry.			read more







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





 














fast facts
 






  
 
 














293,391people
 




664square miles
 




7,700+businesses
 




104,000+workers
 






  
 
 








 














community spotlight


view our featured spotlight
 






  
 
 



  
 


  
 







 
 



  
 
















inventwood
"the engagement and support from frederick county have been crucial as we continue to grow and expand to meet the increasing demand for our materials. " josh cable, ceo







power solutions, llc
"arcadia business park in frederick, md provides power solutions with the ideal location and infrastructure needed to support our mission critical operations throughout the region." kenny johnson, president







kite, a gilead company
" frederick county clearly understands the challenges of bringing a complicated, fast-track project to market." jason shaw, senior project manager







aopa
"frederick is a vibrant community that offers many benefits for aopa and our employees.  being a center of arts, culture, commerce and government, frederick is a great place to live and work." greg cohen, cao






















  
 
 



 



  
 


  
 














 






  
 


  
 


  
 



  
 







contact us







frederick county office of economic development118 n market st, suite 200frederick, md 21701phone: 301-600-1058 | 800-248-2296text: 301-900-3537email
 






  
 









    





 
 



  
 







quick links







blog



buildings & sites



 incentives & taxes



major employers



reports & publications



start a business









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



accessibility



contact us



copyright notices



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









