




lottery numbers and us lottery results





























☰









powerball numbers
mega millions numbers
state numbers
									

arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
mississippi
minnesota
missouri
montana
nebraska
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming




help
lottery news
search
lottery tickets









powerball numbers
february 17th 2025



4
44
47
52
57
9
power play 4x


payout
past numbers




next estimated jackpot

					
						tbc
					
				



					 time left to buy tickets
					




							buy tickets
						






mega millions numbers
 february 14th 2025



8xrollover
			

11
19
31
49
56
16
megaplier 3x


payout
past numbers




next estimated jackpot

					
					$145 million
					
				



					 time left to buy tickets
					




							buy tickets
						






lottery numbers

the latest winning lottery numbers for every state in the usa can be found on lottery.net along with the results of every single multi-state draw that takes place across the country. you can find the payouts from every lotto draw on a state-by-state basis for conventional lotteries or all the quick-fire pick games that take place daily.
if you have entered a lottery draw and need to check your tickets then you can use our comprehensive archive of winning numbers for any draw you might need. we also have detailed information regarding scratch-offs for your state, including which award the biggest prizes and how many top prizes are remaining.
the majority of states use earnings from lotteries to raise money for state causes like education or infrastructure improvements. when you play the lottery you help funds these programmes, and we can help direct you to where you can play online. have fun and good luck!


results for multi state draws
powerball - played in 48 states, learn how to play powerball here. prizes start at $20 million and have risen above $2 billion in the past, setting the record for the biggest lottery jackpot ever won!
mega millions - played in 45 states, learn how to play megamillions here. like powerball, prizes start at $20 million and have no rollover limit, which has seen mega millions have six winners take home over $1 billion.
cash 4 life - played in 10 states, cash 4 life gives you the chance  to win $1,000 per day for life if you can match every ball drawn in a single draw. you can also win $1,000 per week for life if you just miss out on the cash ball.
lotto america - lotto america jackpots start at $2 million and keep  growing until they are won. there are currently 15 states that offer lotto america, with drawings taking place on the same days as powerball.
lucky for life - lucky for life is available in 23 states. there are ten different ways to win, with the top prize offering the winners $1,000 per day for life and the second prize awarding players $25,000 per year for life.











musl canvasses opinions on national ‘for life’ game
wednesday february 12th 2025
the multi-state lottery association (musl) is carrying out market research with a view to introducing a new ‘for life’ lottery across the nation.
more news


how do lottery couriers work?
lottery courier services provide an increasingly popular way to take part in your favorite games. find out more in this article about what courier services are, how they work and the advantages they can bring you.
more articles


free lottery apps


free on ios
free on android





featured lotteries

why should powerball and mega millions grab all the limelight? there are hundreds of great lotteries scattered across the usa. here are just a few that are remarkable...
new jersey pick 6 - typically “pick” games are reserved for three or four digits, but not in new jersey where they have made it six numbers long and their flagship lotto. draws take place twice a week on monday and thursday evenings and jackpots can rise well in excess of $30m.
arkansas natural state jackpot - the quick-fire main lottery in ar is a daily draw game, taking place at 8:00pm every evening. the regular draws make sure the jackpot grows quickly, whilst favourable odds give you a strong chance to win in every draw.
ohio classic lotto - as the name suggests, the lotto draw in ohio has been the staple game for lottery players for years now. it’s no surprise there are thousands of winners a week thanks to the starting jackpot of $1m and guaranteed increases after every rollover.
jackpot usa - this fast play game is the first of its kind as it is in offered in multiple states. the progressive jackpot starts at $1 million and grows until it is won.


recent additions
new lottery draws are launched across the usa several times a year, whether a variation on an existing favorite or a brand-new game. here are some of the latest lottery updates nationwide:
mega millions is changing soon! the multi-state lottery will be getting better odds, bigger prizes and a new ticket price. the new rules are set to be introduced on april 5, 2025. find out exactly what is being updated.
there’s been big changes in oregon, with lucky lines coming to an end in january 2025 and cash pop being launched. oregon cash pop has 16 draws a day and a top prize that is 250x your play amount.
cash pop has begun in another state! the north carolina lottery launched the popular one-number game on november 17, 2024. there are five draws a day and you can win up to $2,500.
the delaware lottery launched play 5 on august 19, 2024. the game has two draws a day and a top prize of $50,000 for a $1 bet if you can match five numbers between 0 and 9 in exact order. 













					the content and operations of this website have not been approved or endorsed by powerball or mega millions or any other state lottery. material copyright © 2025 lottery.net.
				



sitemap
contact us
about us
disclaimer
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms






