ï»¿




jesus name apostolic holiness church - oneness pentecostal




























deuteronomy 6:4 hear, o israel: the lord our
  god is one lord:
 
  let all real christians be in prayer for israel!















(please help spread the word about this site.)










call to prayer! i am going to restate the obvious here regarding the   attempted assassination of president trump. we know that the fbi, doj,   cia and several others have been corrupted by the god hating commie democrat filth. why   should the secret service be a surprise?â  i do not refer to the rank and   file agents but rather the treasonous corrupt leadership.â  how could   anyone believe that this was not an inside hit job?â  i believe that god   intervened to save president trump.â â  pray people that god would move   against the filth! 

      bro. steve winter dd  




 christian community http://biblefolk.com

oneness church history documented

we ask that you prayerfully consider supporting this ministry.
https://givesendgo.com/brostevewinter



apostolic biblical theological seminary - india 


  support a true oneness christian preacher by sending bitcoin to:
  1hwn3cz2ht73kfc2x4yfnsr8aykd1aszkd


click here to read the letter to the editor published 9-2-15 in the courier-times newspaper about socialism destroying america



democrat voter? don't dispair! god will forgive you if you sincerely repent!


isaiah 1:18 come now, and 
let us reason
    together, saith the lord: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as
    white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.


click here for 
bible tracts by bro. steve winter free to print out and use for teaching and 
soul winning.



new bible studies by bro steve winter dd



 

 

true christianity by bro. steve winter over 800 pages of 
    rightly divided kjv bible study
my book true 
    christianity is now available for kindle on amazon. 
  if you are a prime member then you can read it for free or all can buy it for 
  only $2.99 
  there is a free downloadable kindle reader app for computers as well. 

http://www.amazon.com/dp/b007hnmnlw



 video bible studies by 
bro. steve winter 

  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pl21eefe2fe5b230e2




if you want to support this ministry 
click here. we really appreciate your support. no amount is too small for god to 
see.


wondering about xmas and eostre?  click 
      here

important to be aware of:  the message preached on 
    the day of pentecost in 33ad was acts 2:38.
acts 2:38 then peter said unto them, repent, and be baptized every one of you 
    in the name of jesus christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the 
    gift of the holy ghost.
no trinity cult is pentecostal since they reject the name 
    of jesus in water baptism, regardless of popular misconception, confusion and 
    deception.  trinity filth are not pentecostal or apostolic.

also, not all claiming to be apostolic really are 
    apostolic!



click on these for video sermons with sermon notes and bible verses!


end of the world video sermon by pastor steve winter


trinity is 
antichrist video sermon by pastor steve winter


blame 
sin video sermon by pastor steve winter

true salvation video sermon by pastor steve 
winter

types of tongues video sermon by pastor steve 
winter


we hope you are blessed by the information here.
if you feel led to support our efforts to spread the truth worldwide, please click here. 

 
we now have some cds 
of live services available at www.onegodsermons.com
we have some music cds 
at www.onegodmusic.com

audio 
and video of sermons and music from our services and photos
 


 


 bible studies by pastor steve winter 
 
great bible study tracts by rev. lewis e. manuwal 

if you are interested in the bible you should 
read these by this great man of god 
god took bro. manual home to be with him on 9/21/2004
bible studies in russian 
 
bible studies in
chinese
 the xmas and easter story 
 
 lookie here at what the false
church is up to. 

some nice book of acts studies
by bro. carl davis





this is a video series of the winterband "end of the world" songs.





pray against the satanic filth running facebook and twitter and share http://www.facebookcensorship.com




click here to read the letter to the editor published 9-2-15 in the courier-times newspaper about socialism destroying america



click here to read the letter to the editor by bro. steve 
  winter about mormon religion published 2-9-2011 in the courier-times newspaper
regarding the mormon religion here is a site with some research 
  links  
  http://www.mormongods.com

trinity preacher repented and got 
baptized in jesus name

news flash 
10/1/2009 corrupt aol "ourstage" music site disables winterband music site on 
behalf of false-christians. 
click here for details

click here for  
news flash 2006 abomination in north carolina  

salisbury "upc" has super 
bowl service

i would appreciate your help here.  i am trying to locate a man so 
  that i can talk with him.  i am trying to find any man who left the upc 
  or fpc because of the sin and open bible defiance there who was not 
  lied about after he left.


1 timothy 5:20 them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.

galatians 1:8 but though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other 
    gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be 
    accursed.

2 corinthians 11:12 but what i do, that i will do, that i may cut off 
  occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be 
  found even as we.


the truth is the truth and a lie is a lie!! 
click here 
for a short video sermon that will explain why many so called "apostolic" 
churches would not let jesus christ himself onto their platforms to teach.

if a man is preaching that it is somehow sinful or unholy for a man to have a 
beard, then that preacher is a liar and needs to repent of his lying!  if 
your preacher is a liar then you need to take care for your soul.  in the 
bible most all men had beards and in some cases it was an act of war to cut off 
a man's beard to disgrace him.  it is a disgrace when men teach their 
traditions and whim as if it were bible doctrine and make liars of themselves.

  when false-christian trinitarian polytheists admit that they don't worship 
  jesus only, it is not hard to tell exactly who those devils are worshiping 
  (since they openly reject jesus).  
  what i must wonder, though, is since they reject jesus why do they even bother 
  "playing christian"? 


it is a sin for women to speak out and address the congregation during a 
worship service and rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, but it is also the 
same for any preacher who calls on women to speak during formal worship 
services.  here is a link to a winterband song about the sin of women 
speaking in church. it is entitled shame shame shame

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hl4k34gybs4
would you follow a preacher that was practicing witchcraft? see 1 samuel 
15:23

pray with us that the lord would raise up "samuel"s to replace the pompous, 
pride engorged "eli"s in so many oneness churches in this hour and not 
just allow more baby "eli"s that simply carry on ungodly traditions!
jump to my published "letters to the editor" of
newspapers.


we believe in oneness apostolic pentecostal or oneness
pentecostal, jesus name, acts 2:38 salvation and biblical holiness first preached at
pentecost. we are oneness christian
teaching the oneness apostolic pentecostal  jesus name holiness message from the bible. we
teach that acts 2:38 is the method of spiritual rebirth as preached and
practiced by the apostles. we believe in strictly monotheism. we believe that
trinitarianism is polytheism evidenced by their rejection of jesus name water
baptism. be rapture ready so you don't get left behind with the false church..




an apostolic pentecostal christian ministry of the jesus name apostolic holiness church
inc. (jnahc)
preaching the holiness apostolic christian, apostolic faith, biblical
christianity, oneness pentecostal message,
jesus christ oneness
christianity, christ jesus christian salvation until the pre
tribulation rapture
of the church. preaching  from the holy bible.  teaching biblical christianity for the
apostolic ministry.  not affiliated with trinity polytheism or the upc upci
united pentecostal. 
often polytheistic false-christians will refer to the true
  apostolic pentecostal  church as "jesus only" and they consider
  that an insult.  if someone is not worshipping "jesus only"
  then who are they worshipping, eh?
  
  
      
  


 


darksideofcorruption.html
this is my sept  2005 letter to the editor published
in the durham herald-sun on 09/07/2005 regarding the dangers of 
corruption in local government that led to the unnecessary harm in new orleans.

democratsiniraqletter.html
this is my oct 2002 letter to the editor published
in the durham herald-sun on 10/07/2002 regarding congressional
democrats giving aid and comfort to the enemies of the united states

paulvs.html this is my june 2000 letter to the editor published
in the durham herald-sun on 6/03/2000 regarding paul's epistles

castro.htm this is my april 2000 letter to the
editor published in the durham herald-sun on 4/28/2000 regarding
the raid in miami

clinton.htm this is my june1999 letter to the
editor published in the durham herald-sun on 6/13/99 regarding our
president being a living monument to the moral deterioration that is leading to school
shootings and his trading of our nuclear secrets for campaign contributions.
kidgun2.htm this is my may1999 letter to the
editor published in the durham herald-sun on 5/3/99 regarding why
children are killing. 
kidgun1.htm this is  my july 1998 letter
to the editor published in the durham herald-sun on 7/18/98 regarding
children killing. 


will you wait until your maker calls to try to make your peace?
will you wait until each breath is hard before you stop and think?
will you wait until your time is up before you look around
and see the life you've always lived was pointing you straight down?

why hope the hand of death for you will somehow make exception
and give just you some extra time to try to find redemption?

now is the time the good book says for you to find salvation,
not down the road some time afar when you'll choose the situation.

when the hand of death cuts short each breath and you find you're not
your own; is not the time to seek the god whose blood for you was strewn.

now is the time the good book says for you to find salvation,
not down the road some time afar when you'll choose the situation.

when your years are spent from godlessness and seeking earthly treasure
can you be so sure that god will grant extra moments for your pleasure?

now is the time the good book says for you to find salvation,
not down the road some time afar when you'll choose the situation.

will you wait till death's cold hand is closing round your throat, to stop
to weigh the life you've lived and the downward path you chose.

now is the time the good book says for you to find salvation,
not down the road some time afar when you'll choose the situation.

  bro steve winter (c) 2004




regarding the leaven of the upc....  well well well....

licensing women to preach was not enough...
licensing divorced and remarried men to preach was not enough...
having to agree not to contend for the faith was not enough...
going a whoring after the world with every heathen holiday wasn't enough...
total disregard of the commandments regarding women not speaking in church was 
not enough...
having one of their top leaders caught doing sodomy in a park wasn't enough...
general let down on the old paths of holiness wasn't enough...

but apparently the upci leadership embracing television was enough for 
some old 
timers to leave the united pentecostal church international.  
but will they keep their other sins like the protestants kept 
the trinity?

bro. steve winter


 


  the religious and political censorship and harassment by facebook is continuing 
  and getting worse.
click here for facebookcensorship.com 
  for documentation. please share this link far and wide.


litigation information! fighting censorship and illegal 
obscenity
click here! 
(note this is old historical stuff from the 1990's and most of it is moot.  
it now includes the letter from senator helms to steve winter regarding 
reporting of illegal underage graphics publishers.) it does have documentation 
of one obsessed false-christian deceiver stephen adams actually trying to 
protect illegal publishers, though.



 

send email to steve winter 
(c)1998-2024 jnahc all rights reserved

 
 












