



home | university of nebraska medical center




































unmc


nebraska medicine




current students


faculty & staff


alumni


language


amharic


arabic


chinese (simplified)


english


myanmar (burmese)


nepali


persian


somali


spanish


sundanese


swahili


vietnamese


                                powered bygoogle translate











university of nebraska medical center





menu









about us



about us overview



people


meet the interim chancellor
h. dele davies, md, serves as unmc's interim chancellor.


leadership
unmc leaders are creating a more vibrant academic health science center and a stronger economy for all nebraskans.


access and campus culture
unmc is a welcoming organization working to make all our faculty, staff and students feel valued. 


values & vision
unmc, we work from core values to achieve our strategic goals and vision for transforming the health of nebraska and beyond.




campus


our campuses
the university of nebraska medical center has campuses across nebraska, bonded through a shared culture and in real time, by distance-learning technology.


public safety
the unmc department of public safety works to provide a safe environment for those who work on, learn at and visit our campuses, as well as lost and found.


maps and directions
maps and directions to the university of nebraska medical center campuses.


emergency alerts
learn about unmc alert, which sends emergency notifications to unmc students and employees.




outreach


community engagement
as the only public academic health science center in the state, so we embrace the responsibility to reach out across nebraska and beyond.


statewide impact
unmc's work extends to each region of nebraska, as we bring the latest breakthroughs to all citizens, from the smallest communities to the largest cities.




educational outreach
unmc's innovative educational engagement programs raise awareness as we help shape the future of health care and recruit the future health care workforce


healing arts
the healing arts program at unmc and nebraska medicine aims to transform the health care experience by connecting people with the power of art.




additional resources﻿


strategic planning
the university of nebraska medical center uses a strategic planning process to adjust strategies each year for achieving eight goals.


services and resources
procurement processes for bids and vendors, the central scheduling office and other services at the university of nebraska medical center.


accreditation
unmc has been continuously accredited by the higher learning commission since 1913.


government relations
find resources for following state and national proposals, advocating for unmc and joining the unmc delegates program.






education



education overview



programs


list of programs
unmc offers the full range of academic health sciences programs through its 6 colleges, 2 degree-granting institutes and graduate studies.


residencies & fellowships
with a goal to educate physicians in a high quality environment, we offer nearly 70 residency and fellowship programs and train more than 600 house officers.


continuing education
unmc continuing education is raising the skill level and knowledge among nebraska's health care professionals, improving patient outcomes and community health.


high school & undergraduate programs﻿
our pathway programs for high school and undergraduate students offer the opportunity to work toward health care careers.




colleges & departments


colleges & institutes
the university of nebraska medical center offers six colleges, two degree-granting institutes and graduate studies.


academic departments﻿
with nearly 40 academic departments unmc and its experienced faculty are committed to training the best and brightest health care professionals.


library
the modern and renovated leon s. mcgoogan health sciences library offers light-filled spaces and deep information resources. 


online programs
our online certificate, bachelor's, master's or doctoral programs enable health care professionals to earn advanced degrees while continuing to work.




admissions


admissions & financial aid
unmc values well-rounded individuals, and our admissions team reviews your application carefully. we offer a variety of financial aid options.


life at unmc
there's more to life at unmc than the academic experience. whether you want to socialize, exercise or become a leader — we've got you covered.


academic calendar
our calendar includes dates and events for our 6 colleges and graduate studies.


rural health education
learn about our expansion of medical, pharmacy and public health programs, through a joint project with the university of nebraska at kearney that also will expand our allied health and nursing programs.




additional resources


technology
at unmc, next-generation technology is moving students and faculty from the classroom to an experiential environment.


office of academic affairs
the office of academic affairs is responsible for enriching the academic experiences of students and faculty at unmc.


life at unmc
there's more to life at unmc than the academic experience. whether you want to socialize, exercise or become a leader — we've got you covered.


catalog
the catalog provides curricular requirements, course descriptions, policies and current information for the academic year. 






research



research overview



clinical trials
learn about clinical trials, and how you can participate, through the university of nebraska medical center.


nebraska biobank
the nebraska biobank is speeding research through the use of leftover blood samples from patients who choose to take part.


make a gift
support the research conducted at unmc to help those who have cancer, heart disease, parkinson’s, alzheimer's and other diseases.


distinguished scientists
unmc's distinguished scientists are the best and brightest from all over the world, working to discover treatments and cures for life-threatening diseases


resources for researchers
the office of vice chancellor for research (vcr) provides resources for researchers.




patient care



patient care overview



providers & clinics
unmc faculty provide the best care for people from all over nebraska, thanks to strong partnerships with hospitals and other clinical organizations.


consumer health information
our health sciences library offers services to help nebraska residents or patients receiving health care in nebraska research health questions and topics.


clinical trials
learn about clinical trials, and how you can participate, through the university of nebraska medical center.


patient privacy
how medical information about you may be used and how to get access to this information.


hipaa at unmc
the privacy and security of health information is protected under the health insurance portability and accountability act.




news & media



news & media overview



news


news archives
university of nebraska news archives


connect magazine
connect magazine displays unmc's global impact through writing, photography and design. 


blogs
stay updated on a range of topics at unmc through our blogs.


strategic communications
the department of strategic communications works to tell the story of unmc's impact on nebraska and the world. 




for the media


media & social
need a source for a deadline story? seeking b-roll or photographs of our newsmakers? want to connect on social? our team can help.


news releases
university of nebraska news releases


press kits
our press kits provide a single stop for media seeking digital assets related to major events at unmc.


in the news
university of nebraska medical center in the news




events


calendar
search our calendar for virtual and in-person unmc events.


events center
planning a wedding or a conference? host your next event at the dr. stanley m. and dorothy truhlsen campus events center.


community engagement
as the only public academic health science center in the state, so we embrace the responsibility to reach out across nebraska and beyond.










unmc


nebraska medicine


current students


faculty & staff


alumni




language


amharic


arabic


chinese (simplified)


english


myanmar (burmese)


nepali


persian


somali


spanish


sundanese


swahili


vietnamese


                        powered bygoogle translate






search unmc








search unmc




search



















pause


transcript







    					    breaking ground
    						    						    & groundbreaking

21st century health sciences

explore admissions
work at unmc







next section












reaching new levels of excellence
unmc's world-class research results in breakthroughs that make life better for people throughout nebraska – and beyond. unmc's researchers are bold, innovative and at the forefront of health sciences research, education, patient care and outreach.

more feature stories






/10


patient care

 omaha’s great apes in caring hands

the unmc department of anesthesiology is dedicated to delivering exceptional patient care – sometimes to exceptional patients in unexpected places. a partnership between unmc and the henry doorly zoo and aquarium brings preventive, specialized health care – such as echocardiograms – to gorillas like kijito and muke.





/10


research

women in stem: rebekah gundry, phd

rebekah gundry, phd, has a passion for exploring new scientific frontiers. growing up in rural wisconsin, dr. gundry found her passion in science and nature and in studying how things worked.  she is chair of unmc's department of cellular and integrative physiology, 





/10


research

women in stem: unmc trailblazer beth beam, phd

the university of nebraska medical center boasts a formidable cohort of women who drive scientific exploration and advance modern medicine in nebraska and beyond. this innovative nurse-scientist always considers what's possible.





/10


education

magicians of medical imagery

unmc's health professions students learn skills in new ways, thanks to the work of a team of  virtual reality and augmented reality medical illustrators with experiences from hollywood to netflix to the gaming industry.





/10


patient care

finding hannah's voice

each spoken word is a triumph when childhood apraxia traps them inside. the unmc munroe-meyer institute’s ritecare clinic in hastings is teaching a 5-year-old girl the speech skills to match her outgoing personality – and highlighting the importance of that therapy to central and western nebraska.





/10


research

making his own luck

a man named st. patrick is bound to be lucky. and unmc’s st. patrick reid, phd, assistant professor of pathology and microbiology, readily admits that he has been a lucky man. but it’s not luck that dr. reid is a crucial contributor to the unmc discovery that the sars-cov-2 virus spreads through airborne transmission.





/10


research

transforming the language of care

our researchers know access to health care is essential, and they are working to increase participation in clinical trials. read this special dual-language report on the experience of one non-english-speaking participant of an oncology clinical trial.





/10


education

learning in 3d

see how jennifer cera, dnp, and the iexcel visualization team are advancing medical education and women's health through 3d animation of the female anatomy.





/10


research

combating anxiety with innovation

anxiety among patients considering deep brain stimulation surgery is common, but now unmc innovators are using simulation and 3d printing to both screen and prepare patients for a surgery in which they remain awake.





/10


patient care

hitting new strides

munroe-meyer institute's intensive therapies are keeping 3-year-old bentley hinrichs on his toes. mmi therapists crafted a top-down therapy model for bentley that his parents say is unlike any they’ve seen.






education & training




















education & training
unmc's education programs train more health professionals than any other institution in nebraska.  we offer the latest in technology, research facilities and resources to advance patient care and tackle some of the major diseases of our time.


explore all programs





what would you like to study?



search









allied health





dentistry





medicine





nursing





pharmacy





public health





graduate studies





developmental disabilities





cancer research





postdoctoral






outreach & impact













by the numbers
an economic engine that fuels the state of nebraska, unmc is an innovator in the fight against infectious diseases. our experts lead the response to the ebola outbreak and the covid-19 pandemic.


















$5.9 billion/year
together with nebraska medicine, unmc has a $5.9 billion annual impact on nebraska's economy. 




701 graduates
more than 700 professionals from rural nebraska have graduated from 'grow your own' pathway programs that offer unmc admission and waive undergraduate tuition for those who intend to return to rural nebraska to practice health care.


50 international partnerships 
unmc has more than 50 active or pending international agreements for education, research and business collaborations in 21 countries. 











statewide impact







rural health initiatives







global engagement






growth & expansion




















growth & expansion







/9


project health
project health, a $2.19 billion health care facility at unmc and nebraska medicine, will serve as a clinical learning center to train the next generation of health care providers, conduct research and offer clinical trials. it will serve as the primary in-patient clinical hospital for nebraska medicine. project health is the first phase of project next, a joint effort between unmc and nebraska medicine. 

more about project health






/9


edge district
the edge district, under development on the west edge of unmc's omaha campus, will include catalyst, a building that will allow entrepreneurs, investors and businesses to collaborate in the renovated 1906 omaha steel castings industrial tract, and the core (campus operations and research excellence) building, which will support computer-based research and wet lab-based research for drug discovery, oncology and other strategic areas. edge stands for explore, develop, grow and engage. rendering shows view looking north up 46th street.





/9


educating more health care professionals in rural nebraska
for the first time, unmc will educate physicians, pharmacists and public health professionals in rural nebraska, through a joint project with the university of nebraska at kearney that also will expand unmc's allied health and nursing programs.

expansion project in kearney






/9


transforming the lives of people with intellectual and developmental disabilities
the expanded munroe-meyer institute houses new programs, strengthening collaborations and allowing the institute to better serve patients and their families. 

munroe-meyer institute






/9


a new phase for health care education
the davis global center is home to unmc's iexcel, where students have access to advanced simulation clinical settings and immersive virtual reality technology.

iexcel






/9


at the vanguard of covid-19 response
in the early days of the covid-19 pandemic, the global center for health security's quarantine unit was the only civilian team asked to provide quarantine care for u.s. citizens returning from wuhan. in collaboration with federal and state partners, gchs provided cutting-edge care in a quickly changing environment.

global center for health security






/9


a transformed campus community hub
after a year-long transformation, the mcgoogan health sciences library is larger, lighter and ready to offer space for reflection, innovation and inclusion.

mcgoogan health sciences library






/9


celebrating unmc's history
the wigton heritage center serves as a campus welcome center as well as a catalyst for understanding, experiencing and appreciating unmc’s unique heritage.

wigton heritage center






/9


a state-of-the-art learning environment
the college of dentistry's renovation created a state-of-the-art clinical and virtual simulation laboratory and a digital design studio equipped with the latest simulation technology, hardware, software and it infrastructure.

dentistry learning spaces








only in nebraska














                                            only in nebraska: a campaign for our university’s future
                                    
a vital enterprise in the nation’s heartland, the university of nebraska medical center has its eye on improving the future of health care in nebraska and beyond.

support our future










connect with unmc












connect with us @unmc




instagram page





twitter page





facebook page





bluesky




















work at unmc


get directions


apply




back to top














university of nebraska medical center






					42nd and emileomaha, nebraska 68198402-559-4000




contact us


directory


events


library


services & resources


only in nebraska: a campaign for our university’s future





facebook





instagram





twitter





youtube





bluesky








 ©  2025 university of nebraska medical center




policies


legal & privacy


non-discrimination


accessibility


report a concern









