




fully informed jury association





























skip to main content


























facebook



























quora





























































covid-19


next


what we do


15 minutes with fija


behind closed doors


virtual reading groups


fija speakers bureau


jury rights day


advanced learning




news & events


news


event calendar




library & resources


how to help


volunteer




about fija


shop


brochures


books, essays, and other publications


other items


clearance


apparel and accessories




site map


2024 annual campaign 































facebook



























quora


































































what we do




news & events




library & resources




how to help




about fija




shop




donate now




























              frequently asked questions
            

find an answer or ask your question!






            get answers
          





 













              donate
            

create more fully informed jurors with your financial support.






            donate now
          





 













              true or false?
            

learn what the judge won't tell you about your rights as a juror and your role in protecting individual rights.






            take the quiz!
          





 





go to previous slide


go to next slide













what is jury nullification?
click to find out what it is and how you can use it to deliver just verdicts.

 














take the quiz 
when you are called to serve on a jury, will you be prepared?
 
 test your knowledge with this short quiz!
 
  
 resources









called for jury duty?
here is some basic information you need to know in order to serve as a fully informed juror when called for jury duty.









press room
press releases and other resources for news, television, film, and other media professionals.









facing charges?
information for defendants who are seeking trial by jury and are considering a jury nullification strategy.









law and legal cases
key jury-related legal cases as well as current policy, law, and proposed legislation regarding jury rights.









for attorneys
jury-related resources for attorneys interested including cle information, legal arguments, amicus briefs, and more.









learn more
frequently asked questions, articles and essays, historic documents, videos, glossary of legal terms, and more.




 
 
 















estimated convictions obtained by plea bargain
97%




extra punishment for refusing a plea deal
64%




rank of u.s. in incarceration
1




years fija has fought for jury rights
33



















latest news & updates










march 22, 2023




                    fija q&a: jury nullification instructions in particular trials
                    



bykirsten c. tynan


a general answer about whether or not there are jury nullification instructions in certain criminal trials.











february 8, 2023




                    join us for the 3rd annual state of the american jury system presentation
                    



bykirsten c. tynan


what is getting better in the american jury system? what is getting worse? how do intersecting topics such as plea bargaining, asset forfeiture, acquitted conduct sentencing, etc. affect our jury rights? for the third year in a row, a panel of experts will update you on the state of the american jury system today. we'll pay special attention to how things as they are now compare to the state of things in the last two years and pre-pandemic.
join us on thursday, 23 february at noon eastern/11 am central/10 am mountain/9 am pacific on zoom or the official fija facebook page.











january 16, 2023




                    celebrate spooner's birthday with fija!
                    



bykirsten c. tynan


to celebrate the anniversary of lysander spooner's birth on 19 january, the fully informed jury association invites you to listen in on a free-wheeling discussion of his writings on jury issues including an essay on the trial by jury, illegality of the trial of john w. webster, and vices are not crimes. click the title for all the details.




        view the archives
        
























                  7090 n oracle rd ste 178-310
                

                  tucson, az 85704
                



contact




 








what we do




news & events




library and resources




how to help




about fija




shop




donate now




log in











subscribe to our newsletter



            click here to subscribe to our newsletter
            















privacy policy


privacy policy



what information do we collect?
when you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our website.
personal information you choose to provide
we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your email address, postal address, home or work telephone number and other personal information for such purposes as correspondence, placing an order, requesting an estimate, or participating in online surveys.
if you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. we provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
website use information
similar to other websites, our site may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "what are cookies?") and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the sites visited just before and just after ours. this information is collected on an aggregate basis. none of this information is associated with you as an individual.
how do we use the information that you provide to us?
broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing service and support and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. the lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of all personal information provided by our users. you may at any time to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
what are cookies?
cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related web pages. this makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the internet. cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
how do we use information collected from cookies?
we use website browser software tools such as cookies and web server logs to gather information about our website users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our website and better serve our users. this information assists us to design and arrange our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our website to better meet the needs of our users and prospective users.
cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. the information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our website as they move from one page to another. web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our website and evaluate our website's visitor capacity. we do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you.
notice of new services and changes
occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. as a user of our website, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request.
how do we secure information transmissions?
when you send confidential personal information to us on our website, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. the information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our website.
other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. for that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as social security, credit card, or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
how do we protect your information?
information security -- we utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
evaluation of information protection practices -- periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with organization policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
employee access, training and expectations -- our organization values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of user information. in general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
how can you access and correct your information?
you may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us using the contact form provided to you within the site structure of our website.
do we disclose information to outside parties?
we may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, website traffic patterns and related website information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
what about legally compelled disclosure of information?
we may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
permission to use of materials
the right to download and store or output the materials in our website is granted for the user's personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means mechanical or electronic without our express written permission is strictly prohibited. users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on this site may contact us directly.







terms & conditions


terms & conditions


donation refund policy

we are grateful for your donation and support of our organization. if you have made an error in making your donation or change your mind about contributing to our organization please contact us.  refunds are returned using the original method of payment. if you made your donation by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.

automated recurring donation cancellation

ongoing support is important to enabling projects to continue their work, so we encourage donors to continue to contribute to projects over time. but if you must cancel your recurring donation, please notify us.
            








© 2025 fully informed jury association
   



powered by firespring



















