




selena quintanilla perez tribute - selena forever.com











selena forever














home



guestbook 



multimedia 
		/ 


selena pictures



selena song lyrics 
		/ 


music info




selena info


/ aftermath



selena fans 
		/ 

the musical, the movie







biography 
		/ 


newspaper 
		articles




spanish links



my trip to corpus christi 
		/ 

the selena trial files



other 
		/ 

site guide



soraya 
		/ 


search





site in spanish



 




 


get selena's

live performances 
 dvd 
	
     

to read the "selena at 
	40" remembrance page,
	click here    
	



click here to go to the sf blog



order chris perez's new book about selena: 
to selena, with love    
	
to read a review of to selena, with love click 
	here     order the new selena cd enamorada de ti



people magazine 20 year tribute article    
	

nbcnews 20 year tribute article


click here to see the full video of j. lo's tribute 
	(backed by los dinos) to selena at the billboard latin music awards
the
	guestbook is now 
	working!

(only accessible from the home page right 
	now)


	 
 


 




selena 
	quintanilla perez

april 16, 
	1971 - march 31, 1995
 
 


 



















	selena 
	was born to mexican american parents on april 16th 1971 in lake 
	jackson texas. she was the youngest child of abraham quintanilla jr. 
	and marcella ofelia samora. 

	she joined her brother abraham (a.b.) who was eight and sister suzette who was four. 

	at the time of her tragic murder on march 31st 1995, 
	selena was known as “the queen of tejano”.  

tejano music is 
	a fusion of polkas, country-western and traditional mexican folk music that 
	is sung in spanish.  selena and her group “los dinos” 
	created a unique sound by mixing in colombian cumbia, pop and
	r&b – winning 
	them fans all over the united states, latin america and the world. 

	selena is loved by her fans for her 
	kindness, her love of her fans, her positive attitude and, of course, the 
	wonderful music she made. 
	
selena started showing an interest 
	singing when she was three years old. at six, she was singing in both 
	english and spanish – although because she didn’t know how to speak spanish 
	at the time, she sang phonetically. 

	when selena 
	was nine, her father started a musical group.
	abraham had always had a strong passion for music. 

	in the late 50’s 
	and early 60’s, he was part of a group called “los dinos” which in 
	english means “the guys”. he adopted his old group name, for the new 
	family group name calling the band “selena y 
	los dinos”.  


suzette played drums in the group.  a.b. played bass (he would 
	go to produce and write many of selena's songs.)
the 1980’sselena y los dino’s first performance 
	was in 1980 at the quintanilla family restaurant “papa gayos”. 
	soon however, the restaurant went bankrupt. 

	abraham packed up the family and moved 
	to corpus christi. in 1984, selena 
	recorded her first album simply called selena
	y los dinos on the freddie label.
	

	despite radio airplay of ya se va the album did not sell well. 
	abraham moved the band from the freddie label to cara records before 
	ending up on the manny label. abraham bought the rights to the selena y los dinos album which was 
	eventually released in 1995 as mis primeras grabaciones (my first 
	recordings). it was the only non-emi selena album to be re-released.

	in 1986, selena y los dinos released the album alpha 
	followed by muñequito ee trapo.  also in 1986, 
	selena was discovered by two huge names in the tejano music 
	industry: rick trevi founder of the tejano music awards and johnny canales the host of one of the 
	top spanish television shows. 

	selena y los dinos released three more 
	albums in 1987 and 1988 (and the winner is . . . ; dulce amor; 
	and preciosa.  
(for selena’s full discography click here.)

	in 1986 at the tejano music awards, selena 
	won the best female vocalist award. an award she would win every year 
	through to and including 1996.

	in 1989, emi president jose behar attended the tejano music awards. 
	he he saw selena perform and win...when she yelled out "whattaburgers 
	for everyone"...the crowd went crazy!  he was like "what's a 
	whattaburger?"  but more importantly, because of her dynamic 
	performance, he knew he'd found the star he'd been looking for. he soon 
	signed her to emi latin. 

	that same year, her first 
	album was released on emi latin called simply selena. it 
	was the first album that listed the artist as 
	selena instead of selena y los dinos. the song featured such notable songs as 
	besitos, contigo 
	quiero estar and sukiyaki (a cover of kyu sakamoto's 1963 hit). 
	the same year, she also became a spokesperson for coca cola.


the 1990’sin 1990, selena released 
	mis primeros exitos  
	(my first hits) a collection of some of her best 80's songs re-recorded 
	and ven conmigo 
	(come with me).   ven conmigo was the first tejano album to achieve gold status. 

	in 1991, her duet with salvadoran singer alvaro torres "buenos 
	amigos" (good friends) became her first number one song.

	the next year, she released entre a mi mundo (enter my world)
	which also went gold. entre a mi mundo contained what was to 
	become one of her biggest songs como la flor (like the flower).

	selena married chris perez, the 
	lead guitarist of los dinos, on april 2nd, 1992.

	in 1993, she won a grammy for best mexican-american performance for 
	her album selena live. also in 1993, she began designing and 
	manufacturing a clothing line. she opened two selena etc. boutiques; 
	one in corpus christi and one in san antonio. 

	1994 was another big year for selena. 
	her album amor prohibido (forbidden love) was nominated for 
	another grammy. she made appearances in the latin soap opera dos mujeres, 
	un camino. her duet with the barrio boyzz "donde quiera que 
	estés" (wherever you are) hit number one on billboard’s hot latin 
	tracks. 

	in 1995, selena made a cameo appearance 
	as a background mariachi singer in the romantic comedy
	

don juan demarco 
(starring 
	johnny depp, marlon brando and faye dunaway). she also became the first 
	female latin artist to be signed to sbk, the sister label of emi latin with 
	intent of promoting her upcoming planned english album.

	on february 26th 1995 she played to 61,041 fans at the houston 
	livestock show and rodeo in the houston astrodome. the last 
	concert, a dvd of her performance, was released september 2nd 2003.march 31st, 1995

in early 1995, the quintanillas discovered that
	selena’s fan club president and manager 
	of her boutiques,  
yolanda saldivar, 
	was embezzling money from the fan club. they decided to fire her. money also 
	started to turn up missing from the selena etc. account.

	on the morning of march 31st, 1995 selena 
	agreed to meet saldivar 
	at the corpus christi days inn. selena 
	was hoping to retrieve some paperwork that was necessary for tax purposes.
	saldivar 
	told selena she had been raped the night 
	before. so selena drove her to the 
	hospital where doctors found no evidence of rape. 

	once they got back to the motel, selena 
	soon realized she could not longer trust 

saldivar 
	and an argument ensued. at 11:48 am, 
	saldivar drew a gun from her purse and, 
	as selena turned to run from the room,
	saldivar 
shot her in the back. 
	selena ran to the lobby and collapsed on the floor. before she 
	passed out she identified 
saldivar 
	as the person who shot her. 

	selena was rushed to the local hospital 
	where she was pronounced dead at 1:05 pm. she was 23. she was two days away 
	from her third wedding anniversary and 17 days shy of her 24th birthday.

	in october of 1995, saldivar 
	was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison – with 
	no eligibility of parole for 30 years.

the aftermath
 
selena’s death devastated the latin 
	community. plus it shocked and saddened non-latinos who had come to love 
	her.

	her funeral drew 60,000 people. celebrities such as  

gloria estefan,
	

julio iglesias and 
	

	madonna expressed their condolences to the quintanilla
	family.

	people magazine published a commemorative issue in tribute to
	selena called 
	selena - her life in pictures. it 
	quickly sold out. (its popularity led to people’s decision to publish 
	people en español (people in spanish).

	in the summer of 1995, the album dreaming of you was released. 
	dreaming of you was a combination of spanish songs and the four english 
	songs that selena hard recorded for her planned english album. it debuted at 
	number one on the u.s. billboard 200. she was the first latin artist to do 
	so. songs like i could fall in love and dreaming of you were 
	widely played on mainstream english radio.

	on march 27th 1997 the movie selena was 
	released. it was directed by gregory nava and starred 
jennifer 
	lopez as selena. it 
	continues to be popular and has helped make a whole new generation of fans 
	aware of who selena was and what she 
	accomplished in her life.

	april 7th 2005, at tribute concert to selena 
	was held in houston’s reliant stadium. the event was called selena vive  
(selena 
	lives). over 65,000 fans attended. it featured stars like 
	

gloria estefan,
	
soraya,
	

thalia,
	

paulina rubio,
	

	fey and many other powerhouse latin performers.

	the concert ended with all the performers (and the crowd) singing 
	along with selena’s 1995 houston 
	astrodome performance of como la flor.  selena
	vive
	became the highest-rated and most viewed spanish language show in american 
	television history. it scored at 35.9 nielson rating.
selena’s community 
	involvement

selena felt it was important to find 
	time to encourage children and young adults to stay in school. she spoke 
	many times in schools about the importance of getting a high school diploma 
	and achieving your goals. selena loved 
	to go to public middle schools and high schools to talk to the kids about 
	the importance of staying in school, avoiding drugs and alcohol, remaining 
	chaste and pursuing goals.

	in 1993, selena gave a free concert for 
	texas students who drastically improved on their grades, and donated $2,500 
	to school programs. 

	she did a public service video for schools entitled mi musica, which 
	was sponsored by agree shampoo. in the video, 
	selena spoke about mexican music in america, but left them 
	an important message that staying in school and graduating high school is 
	the most important thing that they will do in their life.  

(to view it click here and select "mi musica - mexican 
	american music of today" under "selena video clips".)

	selena was a spokesperson for the 
	d.a.r.e (drug abuse resistance education) program to keep kids 
	off drugs and a battered women’s help hotline. it’s been said that when 
	selena's commercial for the help hotline aired, the phone lines would light 
	up. 
	

	selena also participated at many stay 
	in school jamborees, her last being in march of 1995, just two weeks 
	before her death. she expressed her excitement at the turnout, "it shows 
	that kids want to do something good for themselves..." 
	she was also in the process of organizing a benefit concert for the boys 
	and girls clubs located in the dallas/fort worth area.

	her community service was honored on april 8, 1994 when the mayor of 
	houston proclaimed that day "selena 
	quintanilla day".

	selena was definitely not a normal 
	artist, who was only preoccupied with her success. she really cared for 
	people and that's why people cared so much for her.
selena’s legacy of 
	positivity and kindness

to this day, selena continues to be a 
	huge presence in the lives of her fans (many who weren’t even born 
	when she passed). 

	she’s become a cultural icon. someone who was proud of her roots who worked 
	hard and achieved her goals. she was nice to everyone she met regardless of 
	their station in life. and, of course, she also made great music.

	for all these reasons (and many more) she has become a role 
	model to millions of people around the world.

	in 2005 her father said this about selena’s 
	endearing appeal:


“her fans viewed her as a positive, humble person and i've always 
	believed that in selena's case it was 
	not just the music but the person who made an impact.”


	musical artists come and go, but selena was and will always be someone very special. people identify with her story. 
	they appreciate and respect who she was as a person. emi president jose 
	behar reflected on selena shortly 
	after her passing…


“when i think of selena nowadays, 
	what comes to mind is not her musical career, even though it was enormously 
	successful and remains so more than two months after her death. rather, i 
	think about how much i miss this special person, who was so caring, so warm. 
	i am convinced if she had lived selena 
	would have been a major, major star in the anglo record world. 

	as it turns out, selena left us with an 
	enduring legacy immeasurably more valuable than hit records and sold out 
	concerts. she heightened our awareness of what really counts: 
	love and respect for one another.”

in the selena vive program, los dinos’ 
	member ricky vela said this of selena…
  
“i wish i could tell people how wonderful you were, but i don't know how 
	to share all the many kindnesses that you showed me.“

	ricky’s comment sums up perfectly why
	selena will always live in the hearts 
	of her fans. we should all live our lives in hopes of being worthy of a 
	compliment like ricky gave to selena.
	

	it’s a simple message really: be kind to others… 

	whether it’s the person behind the counter taking your fast food order, 
	someone you work with, your mother, your father, someone down on their luck, 
	an old friend you bump into on the street, your brother, your sister, a 
	new friend…no 
	matter who it is…


...be kind, smile and put a 
	smile on their face.

	and wherever she may be, you’ll know 
	selena
is smiling with you.

-t.j. (webmaster)
	 



 







 






 

 
 










 

