




tattoos by supasonic sage




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































supasonics
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














supasonics







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







tattoos by supasonic sage 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 6 most recent journal entries recorded in
supasonic sage's livejournal:


wednesday, january 19th, 20052:48 pm
some new info for you i think i know what part of the problem with updating was... it just got to be emotionally draining. sometimes the updates would get so personal, i felt like i was emotionally throwing up all over my site. which, of course, led to things like very strange emails and all. i like having my site be very personal, and i like to share things with everyone, but i guess i really don't like the negative things that happen because of it. who knows.i have new hours, they are monday and wednesday from 12pm-7:30pm and thursday through saturday from 11am-6pm. i am off on tuesdays and sundays. i can work other times by appointment.roger has come back, which i am very happy about. it also means that the shop will now be open on sunday.of course, mardi gras is coming up, which means that i will not be taking any appointments from january 28th through february 9th. this isn't to be mean, but the fact is, it is just too hard to get around the french quarter and even people with the best intentions find it difficult to actually get to the shop on time. then with the volume of people that are in and out of the shop, well... appointments are just too cost prohibitive.after mardi gras, and after i work on another site that i am doing (actually, i think it is two...) i plan to redo a good bit of this website. i want to try to focus the photos of work that i do into a more cohesive pattern and more representative of what i have been doing lately and what i like to do.a few notes:if you are sending me an urgent message, please do make sure it is urgent. in other words, if you have an appointment with me and your flight has been canceled and you are not going to be able to make it in, that is urgent. if you don't know if you should get a fairy or a butterfly on your lower back, that is not. the reason i mention this is because i have gotten some very non-urgent messages at very odd hours. chances are good that if you send me a non-urgent message like that, i will not respond, especially not if it is four in the morning.second, i have had about three million requests for the stencil for the xxx movie tattoo that i did. it is not flash, it took me about three hours to draw and i never save custom stencils. any tattoo on the site that says it is custom was drawn just for that person and i don't hand out their art work. that is part of what they paid for when they got a tattoo.on that same note, a lot of people have been emailing me asking me to draw things for them. i really do wish that i had time to draw things for people, but i just don't. i have enough to keep me busy with drawing for customers, running a shop, doing my second job and trying to maintain a relationship with the guy i love. plus i am in school and taking another class. if you want a custom tattoo, it is really best to get the person who will be actually tattooing the picture to draw it. that way, they become very familiar with the design and they will draw it in a way that they feel comfortable tattooing it.ok. enough bitching.random notes:i love kelly and phillip =)congratulations to jamie and kay on their upcoming weddingi was going to air supply this saturday, but the damn thing sold out.oh lord! do i need a vacation! time to go see mom after mardi gras.i have a final test next week that i am peeing on myself over.i just got the cutest set of inks for tattooing... leave it to me to think that tattoo inks are cute.best thing ever invented: coffee pot with a timer. it is like a little happy coffee fairy came by in the middle of the night and took care of me. 
(2 comments |comment on this)monday, may 17th, 20041:37 am
photos!  really! oh boy.  are you all going to be amazed.  really.  you are now going to get eleven, count 'em, eleven new tattoos to look at.  i told you i was hording them.  i do, however, need to take more photos.  i got this great digital camera for myself over christmas and i barely use it at work.now that that is over, i am not updating the non-java version anymore.  it is too much to keep up with and most people's computers can handle the java version.  less work to update means that i will do it more often, so it will be good for everyone.the distributer cap and rotor are happily in the car, and seem to be working fine.  i have a hella lot of drawing to do over the next few days, so i probably won't be updating for a few days, hope this can hold you all over.and on a final note, steve painted this.  we are both big nerds.today i smell like snake oil current mood:  accomplished
(1 comment |comment on this)friday, may 14th, 20044:36 pm
fire, baths and storms so it is storming outside, which it has been doing for about a week now.  tomorrow i get to put a new distributer cap in my car.  three bolts, shouldn't be that big of a deal.  sort of pretty all of the lighting.it is 2:27 am, and according to my new schedule, i really should be sleeping.  steve had a huge fire today so i was a little high strung... but a half hour of reading in the bathtub helped out a good bit...you can read about the fire here  the story makes it look pretty tame.  it wasn't.i don't particularly like getting news on how he is doing with during fires from the news since they usually wait until the whole story is over to say if anyone got hurt.  too many people i like have dangerous jobs.tomorrow i must take more photos of the shop.  i looked at the site and realized that the photos that are on there are way before we did a lot of things to the shop.  you all must see the cool orange rocket we have over the door now, plus, the front is totally different now.til then, take caretoday i smell like  dana o' shea current mood:  relaxed
(comment on this)friday, april 30th, 20042:50 pm
it is better than nothing i thought it would be about time for an update.  i will get this live journal thing figured out eventually..  i really don't know how to do all of it yet so have patience.cause i don't have a lot to talk about, i thought i would post a bunch of links for you guys to check outhttp://levity.com/alchemy/images_s.html---  this site has some awesome imageshttp://www.blackphoenixalchemylab.com/  i am obsessed with this stuff....http://www.grgallery.com/williams.html this guy does the cutest animal portraits i have ever seen.  i need to get my two dogs painted.http://www.tiffany.com/-- need i say more?and that is about it for now....  i must get to my stack of drawing.and just cause i love this stuff so much, i will be writting how i smell each day...today i smell like greed  current mood:  peaceful
(comment on this)thursday, april 22nd, 20043:46 pm
whoo hoo! happy jazz fest all!  just a note to let you know that roger and jason will be in the shop this sunday in case you just can't wait until monday to get some tattoo work done.  i am going through all of the photos i have take recently to put some new ones on the site.have a great weekend. current mood:  mischievous
(comment on this)tuesday, april 20th, 20041:41 am
an update?  no, it can't be! ok.  i know i have been bad about updating this site.  really i do.  i am going to try a slightly different approach to this that means that i will update more often, but the updates may be shorter and they will not be on any specific day.  more like a live journal thing, which is what it is.  when i was updating before, i would have to change about eight pages just to update once, and on weeks that i was really busy it just seemed like too much work.since last update lots has happened:for those of you that thought i would never finish that bed i was building in the back of the shop, here it ishalloween was great.  i didn't get to go to the convention for very long because it seems like there were a lot more people in town and the shop was super busy.  i did get to go out two nights.  i made this costume and spent most of the nights with steve. i went to visit my mom over christmas, which was great because my brother was there and my sister-in-law and my niece and nephew.  steve went too.i got this computer and roger got my old laptop, which will be easier for him to move.  he will be leaving in about a month =(we hired a piercer, clint, who was trained at the fakier institute and has been piercing for about ten years (i think).mardi gras was busy, but it went pretty well because we had eric and joe in town.  joe did this awesome tattoo on me.  jason also got tattooed for about fifteen hours from two different people.mtv also did some filming at the shop over mardi gras for the shop "one bad trip".  i was told that it would be on sometime in spring, but i don't know when.  i will try to let you know when.my poor honda died.... so i got something very close to this:since mardi gras, the shop has stayed busy.  it is spring break right now and there seems to be a lot of people in town.  all of the people that worked extra over mardi gras are coming in for appointments and all.that's about it for now.  check back soon.  i am going to be working on the site.  i plan to get rid of the non-java version, which should make updating the site easier as it will cut down the pages i have to work on in half.  i am also changing the calender to my yahoo appointment book...  again to save time.and this is from a while ago, but i think it is cute current mood:  working
(comment on this)







tattoos by supasonic sage

 
about livejournal.com































