






california writers club – orange county branch







































































california writers club


























menu

 


home
about
events
membership
member portal
bookshelf














contact us




















guests are always welcome 



california writers club, 
orange county branch

 



celebrating over 100 years of literary history

 






learn more















 







about us 



the mission of california writers club is to educate writers of all levels and disciplines in the craft of writing and in the marketing of their work. 



cwc is a nonprofit educational corporation. members write novels, short stories, screenplays, poetry, nonfiction, and more. over half of our members are published. in addition to professional and aspiring writers, cwc membership is open to non-writing literary experts. 






learn more



















upcoming events 



meetings are held on the first saturday of the month, from 9:00 – 11:00 a.m. networking begins at 9:00, presentation at 9:30.we meet at the anaheim packing house at 440 s. anaheim blvd, anaheim, ca 92805 










learn more























				matt conant & lauren cipollo			


			read more »		









				allison martine hubbard			


			read more »		









				camille hernandez			


			read more »		









				daniel weizmann			


			read more »		









				richard bausch			


			read more »		









				paul haddad			


			read more »		



















benefits of membership

 



the california writers club (cwc) is one of the oldest and largest writers’ clubs in america, with 22 branches across the state. your membership includes many benefits at the branch and statewide level.   



the cwc-oc is open to professional and aspiring writers and non-writing literary experts. our monthly meetings feature informative speakers and opportunities for networking with your fellow writers and publishing industry professionals.join us and take a positive step for your writing. 






join us now











 







 



									cwc is a nonprofit educational corporation. members write novels, short stories, screen plays, poetry, nonfiction articles and books,and more. over half of our member writers are published. in addition to professional and aspiring writers, cwc membership is open to non-writing literary experts.								






visitor and parking information











 
info@calwritersorangecounty.org




 
174 w. lincoln ave. #591, anaheim, ca, 92805-2901









facebook-f
 



instagram
 















© 2023 orange county branch, california writers club - all rights reserved

 






 











 









join the list 











								name							




								email							







join



























































