







fencing masters singapore – singapore's premier champion fencing club. 3 weapons 1 club.




























































 










toggle navigation






 
 

skip to content
home
fencing explained

the history of fencing
the 3 weapons


about

our coaches
our programmes

school programmes
group lessons
premium (individual/private) lessons
corporate teambuilding
classical fencing choreography
pirate parties




our champions
testimonials
fm’s social media

fm’s instagram
fm’s facebook
fm’s tiktok


contact fencing masters
complimentary kids class
 
 
 

where singapore's next generation of champions train  kickstart your fencing experience, learn fencing from the masters. 3 weapons, 1 club.

 






our programmeswhat we do best






								go to								group or premium (one-on-one) lessons							



				group or premium (one-on-one) lessons				

come, experience “the art of swordsmanship” at fencing masters singapore. simply a great way to start fencing and live to tell the tale.

our comfortable and family friendly fencing salle will suit all your needs regardless of whether you are a competitive fencer who is after medals or the recreational fencer who wants to have fun, exercise and make fantastic friends.

group classes to make friends and learn the sport!
individual lessons at the salle or in the comfort of your home for tailored and fast track knowledge!





								go to								corporate fencing & team building							



				corporate fencing & team building				

the modern sport of fencing is a fun and fantastic way to realize strengths and weaknesses and emphasize concepts like perseverance, teamwork and performing under pressure.
our programme will help you and your staff learn, experience, bond and grow individually and as a team by working together to achieve overall goals.

we will work with you to help your team beat the competition! touché!





								go to								fencing in schools							



				fencing in schools				

at fencing masters singapore we believe that modern sport of olympic fencing is the sport of gentlemen and ladies.
building character and inculcating values are as important as learning motor skills and coordination.

with our team of hand picked, experienced, international and locally certified fencing coaches, we are trusted by schools to provide a wholesome, enriching and fun fencing programmes.

we have started up many school fencing clubs and run many after exam fencing enrichment programmes through the years.





								go to								pirate parties & classical fencing choreography							



				pirate parties & classical fencing choreography				

fencing masters breathes life into the movies, television and theatre with our experience in fencing choreography.

our coaches also do pirate themed fencing parties where children can learn fencing on their special day!

need fencing choreography for  theatre, plays, movie premieres or the screen? we’ve done them all! speak to our team for more info…



 
 
about fencing mastersfencing masters pte ltd, a fencing academy in singapore affectionately known by members as “fm”, was started in 1995 by our master head coach and director of training, jeffrey lopez.having been a fencer in his youth and beginning to coach since 1976, he decided to follow his passion and fulfill his dream of starting a fencing club. starting with 2 fencing pistes by sharing space with his old company, he started singapore's first private fencing club.in 1995, master head coach lopez decided to register fencing masters, a fencing club where the owners are themselves trained coaches. we strive to ensure that every lesson given is of the highest quality while imparting values, discipline and life skills. 
joined by head coach shaun, coach lois and a few other coaches, fencing masters is now where the next generation of champions train. training in all 3 weapons are available at fencing masters. 
come kickstart your fencing journey with fencing masters singapore today! our teamintroducing our capable coaches






					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   jeffrey																																																																																																																																																
 master head coach | director

foil . sabre . epee

individual . group

master head coach jeffrey has had more than 50 years (as of 2024) of experience in the sport of fencing, has been fencing since 1974 and ) and has the ncap level 3 (theory) certification.

student record
many international and national champions in all weapons and all age groups, some of which have gone on to be coaches in other clubs.				
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																		






											facebook account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   jeffrey																																																																																																																																																										






											twitter account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   jeffrey																																																																																																																																																										






											behance account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   jeffrey																																																																																																																																																										






											dribble account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   jeffrey																																																																																																																																																										






											linkedin account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   jeffrey																																																																																																																																																										







																	 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 										 fencing masters master head coach jeffrey is a double silver medallist & bronze medallist at the south east asian games (sea games) in 1987 for singapore, coach lopez is a certified international olympic fencing coach (ioc) and the first full-time professional singaporean fencing coach in singapore.
																																																																																																																																																																																								
						









					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   shaun																																																																								
 head coach
foil . sabre . epee
individual . group

head coach shaun has more than 17 years (as of 2024) of coaching experience. he did a bachelor of science (sport science), the international coaching course diploma (foil, sabre, epee) and has the ncap level 3 (theory) certification.								 		coach shaun also has a postgrad dip. in sports nutrition from the international olympic comittee.

student record
age group champions and division medallists.								 																	 										 										 										 										 										 										 																																			
																																																																													






											facebook account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   shaun																																																																																		






											twitter account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   shaun																																																																																		






											behance account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   shaun																																																																																		






											dribble account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   shaun																																																																																		






											linkedin account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   shaun																																																																																		
















					   					   					   					   					   					   					   lois																																										
 coach | director
epee . foil
group

coach lois has more than 10 years (as of 2024 of coaching experience teaching group classes.
 									 										 										 coach lois has ncap level 1 (theory) and loves coaching children.

student record
age group medallists.																																																		






											facebook account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   lois																																																				






											twitter account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   lois																																																				






											behance account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   lois																																																				






											dribble account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   lois																																																				






											linkedin account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   lois																																																				
















					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   matthew																																																						
 coach
sabre . foil . epee
individual . group

coach matthew has a diploma in sport science and has more than 5 years of coaching experience.
										 										 										 										 										 coach matthew has ncap level 1 (theory) and was formerly from the sabre national team.
student record
divison medallists.																																																														













					   					   					   					   					   					   kelvin																																				
 coach
epee . foil
group


coach kelvin has more than 5 years of coaching experience teaching group classes.		
										 										 										 fencing masters coach kelvin has ncap level 1 (theory) and loves fencing epee and coaching children.																																













					   					   					   					   					   					   doddy																																				
 coach
foil . epee
group


coach doddy has more than 4 years of coaching experience teaching group classes.
										 										 fencing masters coach doddy has ncap level 1 (theory) and represented his college in overseas competitions.												 																																																		













					   					   					   					   gordon																								
 junior coach
sabre
group 								 coach gordon has ncap level 1 (theory) and was formerly from the sabre national team.														 																									













					   					   					   					   					   janson																														
 junior coach
sabre
group 										 										 						 									 										 															fencing masters junior coach janson has sg coach level 1.														 												 																											 										 																																																	













					   					   					   		woo			   																								
 junior coach
sabre
group  									 fencing masters junior coach woo has sg coach level 1.										 										
							 												 																												













					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   		amanda			   																																																												
 junior instructor
foil . epee
group 									 fencing masters instructor amanda has sg coach level 1 (theory) and more than 2 years of coaching experience teaching group classes.						 										 										 										 										 																														

													 											 																																																																						






											facebook account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   		amanda			   																																																																						






											twitter account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   		amanda			   																																																																						






											behance account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   		amanda			   																																																																						






											dribble account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   		amanda			   																																																																						






											linkedin account of																   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   					   		amanda			   																																																																						









 how people feel about us

"fencing masters fencing club has a unique culture that makes it family-like. while training is organized as groups or individual sessions, members are also encouraged to initiate sparring sessions to hone skills learnt during training. such sparring sessions pit members across a wide spectrum of skill levels, allowing both new and old to benefit from the experience. i think fm provides a place to learn and grow in fencing skill sets. new members quickly realize that fm does not just train the physical skills, but the sparring sessions hone the fencer's mind to engage with nimbleness and tenacious stamina. my children have all been fencing at fm and they have enjoyed their training at fm."
- mr alex & julie tay (parents of michael tay, gabriel tay and ezekiel tay, written november 2015, joined 2010)



“fencing masters (fm) coaches are professional, committed, caring and have a great passion in teaching & grooming young fencers towards the road to success. ? the biggest fear is the hidden cost that commonly happen in most clubs but happy to find that fm is rather transparent in their cost. ? steady support & encouragement from coach jeff helps jian tong to be more confident n calm in every competition. ? fm helps jian tong to be a learned sportsman. ? never regret sending jian tong to fm. ?
- mrs wilda sito (mother of sito jian tong, written september 2015, joined 2011)




															 										 for more testimonials visit our testimonial page at https://fencingmasters.com/fm/testimonials/ 













"ancient art - modern sport"fencing masters brings reel life theatrical antics to real life.  the modern sport of olympic fencing, for recreation or competition, is an interactive sport that develops physical fitness, quick reactions, speed, agility and excellent hand & body co-ordination.called a western martial art by some, fencing demands total concentration & calls for craftiness and an economy of hand and arm movements whilst developing analytical minds and the tactical awareness to do 'battle'. to some, fencing has been described as 'physical chess' at lightning speed. some say it is ballet with swords! the sweeping swaths cut by cinematic musketeers would have left them open to quick "touches" on a fencing strip and a measure of d'artagnon's bravado is essential since, despite protective clothing and wire mesh masks, considerable force is behind the steel blades of the thrusting foilists and epeeists and the slashing sabreurs.  it is truly one of the few physical sports where men & women compete on equal terms.be it in foil, sabre or epee ... come experience "the art of swordsmanship" at fencing masters. simply a great way to start fencing and live to tell the tale. 


contact us to start your fencing experience now! 


	notice: javascript is required for this content.






 
 



177 ubi ave 4 #02-00
singapore 408792enquiries@fencingmasters.com+65 6841-7671facebook link instagram link fencing masterszerif lite developed by themeisle  
 


 error: 








                whatsapp fencing masters singapore            









































