






native indian crafts and american indian art and online store | indian craft shop


















  

   home   |  sitemap  |  shop  
















home 
about us 
current news 
event calendar
artist bios
archives
display ideas
collecting tips 
gen arts/crafts info
testimonials
hours/directions
online store




american indian arts and crafts since 1938

the indian craft shop is currently closed, however, shop visits are available by appointment. please email indiancraftshop@guestservices.com for an appointment 
the web store is open and we are shipping on a weekly basis. curb-side and in-store pickups can be arranged.
we appreciate your understanding during this time, wish you well and thank you for your support of the arts!
online store open for purchases/orders are shipped out on a weekly basis
while the shop will be closed, the online store will be open for purchases and orders will be shipped out once a week.  we will have intermittent email response days, so if there is any order pending, any questions or assistance you need please have patience and we will respond as soon as able.
 
the where guide says "the department of the interior may seem an unlikely destination for visitors, but those who venture inside are rewarded with a pleasant surprise.  tucked behind an unassuming doorway, the indian craft shop has been connecting shoppers with handmade treasures by emerging and established native american artists since 1938."  read full article
e-news: what's new at the shop and online
the indian craft shop was established in 1938 inside the u.s. department of the interior in washington, dc and features american indian arts and crafts from across the united states. information about american indian arts and crafts, tips on collecting, our calendar of  events, and more can be found browsing our web site. a selection of the work available in the shop can be found on our online store.  
where to buy kachina dolls, sandpaintings, sealskin thimbles, and other gorgeous pieces of native american art... off the beaten path in washington, dc
   (blog post by jessica goad)




















subscribe to our mailing list









 
 
© indian craft shop - operated by guest services, inc.    all rights reserved. 
          the indian craft shop
          department of the interior
          1849 c street, nw
          washington, dc  20240
          202-208-4056privacy policy 








