









asian american writers' workshop – amplifying asian and asian diasporic literature since 1991.

































































































 





























asianamerican

writers'workshop
donate









the marginsabout the marginspoetryfictionessaysreportageinterviewsmarginaliavideosubmitopen citytranspacific literary projectflash fictiona world without cagesblack and asian feminist solidaritieseventsupcomingpastworkshopssignature eventsradical thinkerspartnership eventsfireside chatasian american caucusprogramsthe margins fellowshipopen city fellowshipcreatenowmediaaaww radio podcastsaaww tv videosabouthistorypeoplenewsopportunitiescontact signup!














 
website sliders (1300 x 370 px) (2)website sliders (1300 x 370 px) (39)121314 



 





sign up for the asian american writers' workshop newsletter:












 






sign up for the aaww fanclub:


donate to the aaww fanclub








events upcoming




view past events








must watch events videos



 
our existence is a rebellion
organized and curated by sham-e-ali nayeem



 
in celebration of disorientation
with elaine hsieh chou & sabrina imbler



 
martial law at 50: to remember is to resist
curated by 2022 open city fellow vina orden



 
remember to return
a reading and fundraiser for palestine








events upcoming





view past events









poetryfictionessaysreportageinterviewsmarginaliavideoseverything 



must read

poetryby lenna jawdati imagine a world where palestine is free: a re-origin storytimeslips off my softened skinand i grow wings.
fictionby ashley d’souzaunholyall plugged up with wood, i feel like a bastardized pinocchio.
essaysby asa drakethe end of the world isn’t new and neither is the work ahead of uson franny choi's poetry 



poetryby lenna jawdati imagine a world where palestine is free: a re-origin storytimeslips off my softened skinand i grow wings.
poetryby ha kiet chau21 emotions for my catalystwe kiss and karma/ thunders. 

fictionby ashley d’souzaunholyall plugged up with wood, i feel like a bastardized pinocchio.
fictionby pegah oujithe world according to my grandmotherdo we need a man? i want to ask her, but her eyes are bright like poppies in summer heat. 

essaysby christina ngtending to my imperfectly perfect english(es)what counts as a mother language?
poetryby kristian sendon corderosagkód | thereafterkakolór pati kan álang na tulang nin tawó / an pigrunot na bagás asín ginibong puto. |especially when you notice the rice flour / that she uses is the color of human bone. 
 

essaysby rohan zhou-lee“they don’t protect us”with plans for a new jail in chinatown underway, community trust in the police erodes.
essaysby michelle chenwhat's next for pearl river martonce a maoist dry-goods business, the store has become a hub for asian american culture and community 

poetryby lee doanetwo poems by lee doaneit’s no wonder / that so very few /  survive /  the experience of being / cast out / into the blinding light. 
marginaliaby rachel kuoa reading list for abolitionist imagination and practicewriters share the books they have turned to when imagining a world without without cages
 

interviewsby julie ae kimblack panther meets black tigeran interview with kanya d’almeida, the cowriter of russell “maroon” shoatz's memoir.
interviewsby salonee bhamanbreaking the silence an interview with essayist nina sharma 











sign up for the asian american writers' workshop newsletter:












 





copyright © 2025 asian american writers' workshop



asian american writers’ workshop
					112 w 27th street, suite 600
					new york, ny 10001

about|contact|privacy policy 

copyright © 2025 asian american writers' workshop








proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: aaww by underscores.me.		



we would like to collect information during your visit to help us better understand site use. this data is anonymized, and will not be used for marketing purposes. read more on our privacy policy page. you can withdraw permission at any time or update your privacy settings here. please choose below to continue.










 













