

the ornithopter zone - build your own ornithopter





































history



 
  manned ornithopters
 full history
 history archive




how to



 


 getting started
 how to design & build
 competition info
 design tools




media



 



 design manual
 newsletter
 free plans




resources



 


 teachers guide
 web site links




about



 

 about the society
 contact info

  












the 
                    ornithopter society
founded 
                    in 1984, the ornithopter society launched the modern 
                    resurgence of flapping wing aircraft. ornithopter society 
                    publications, including the ornithopter design manual, 
                    flapping wings newsletter, and online content, provide 
                    the ultimate resource for those seeking to build ornithopters 
                    or those interested in the history and culture of this unique 
                    phenomenon. 


 
                        ornithopter (definition): an ornithopter is a manned 
                        aircraft or an unmanned flying machine in which the driving 
                        airfoils have a flapping, reciprocating, or oscillating 
                        motion, instead of the rotary motion used in airplanes 
                        and helicopters.
             



download 
                    the ornithopter design manual
we are 
                    making the ornithopter design manual available for 
                    free download. the ornithopter design manual, written 
                    by patrick deshaye and nathan chronister, offers the only 
                    comprehensive treatment of ornithopter design and construction 
                    techniques. you can also download the flapper facts and 
                    flapping wings newsletters from 1984 through 2002.
ornithopter 
                    design manual (pdf)
flapping 
                    wings newsletter (1984-2002)
you can 
                    visit the how to section 
                    of this web site to get a quick introduction to building your 
                    own ornithopters. then read the ornithopter design manual 
                    and newsletters when you want to learn more. if you 
                    find these resources helpful, please consider supporting 
                    the work of the ornithopter society. your small donation helps 
                    cover the cost of maintaining and updating the website, while 
                    most of the work to bring you the site is done on a voluntary 
                    basis.





why 
                    build ornithopters?
people 
                    will often ask what ornithopters are used for. above any other 
                    purpose, ornithopters are a great vehicle for learning. for 
                    high school studionts, ornithopters are a great way to learn 
                    about engineering, physics, math, electronics, and more! at 
                    the university level, ornithopters are part of the advanced 
                    research into aerodynamics, bird flight, and robotics. individual 
                    hobbyists also enjoy learning new skills as they rise to the 
                    challenge of flapping wing flight! 




education.
students can build ornithopters for a school 
                          project. they can learn about engineering, physics, 
                          math, electronics, and more!

   


ornithopters 
                          are a great 
                          hobby for those who enjoy the challenge 
                          of coming 
                          up with their own designs. there are also ready-made 
                          toy ornithopters if you just want to fly one.



some other 
                    applications for ornithopters have been implemented. like 
                    other types of radio controlled aircraft, ornithopters can 
                    be used to carry cameras. ornithopters can be made to look 
                    like a real bird or insect, so they could be used for covert 
                    spying. ornithopters have also been used in studies of wildlife 
                    where an aircraft resembling a real bird was needed. another 
                    application that has been tested is the use of ornithopters 
                    to chase birds away from airports. bird control specialists 
                    use a variety of methods to keep birds away from runways. 
                    if an airplane runs into birds, it can receive damage causing 
                    it to crash, so this is an important part of airline safety. 
                    
of course, 
                    there has been some effort to develop ornithopters as a type 
                    of manned aircraft. adalbert schmid, who in 1942 built the 
                    first successful manned ornithopter, believed that flapping 
                    wings would be more fuel-efficient than airplanes. others 
                    observed the high maneuverability of birds and thought that 
                    manned ornithopters could emulate that ability. regardless 
                    of whether that is true, there are many people who just want 
                    to have the experience of flying like a bird.
 
                    how ornithopters got started
the idea 
                    of the ornithopter came from ancient times. three thousand 
                    years ago, assyrian stone carvings depicted god riding in 
                    an ornithopter. the greek legend of daedalus and icarus tells 
                    of two men who built wings in order to escape from a labyrinth. 
                    in 875 ad, abbas ibn firnas in spain constructed a bird-inspired 
                    aircraft, with which he made the first gliding flight by a 
                    human.
in the 
                    1870s, the focal point for the development of aviation was 
                    in paris. unmanned aircraft were built, including ornithopters, 
                    as a stepping stone to the development of manned flight. the 
                    rubber-band-powered ornithopters developed then formed the 
                    basis for modern designs that are built by students and hobbyists 
                    today.
steam 
                    and internal combustion engines were then used, with some 
                    great advancements taking place in germany prior to world 
                    war ii. alexander lippisch, who is also known for developing 
                    the me 163 komet rocket-powered fighter, led a team of young 
                    researchers who perfected the design of engine-powered, unmanned 
                    ornithopters, achieving successful flights up to 16 minutes. 
                    building on that work, in 1942 adalbert schmid made the first 
                    successful flight of an engine-powered, manned ornithopter. 
                    although there have been a few others, 
                    schmid's manned ornithopter still stands as the most successful 
                    to this day.
the first 
                    radio-controlled ornithopter was built by percival spencer 
                    in 1960. he also built a series of more bird-shaped, engine-powered 
                    ornithopters. during the 1990s, spencer's design was adapted 
                    for electric power and came to greatly influence the design 
                    of our modern rc ornithopters. read more ornithopter 
                    history.



  




frequently 
                    asked questions



what 
              is the definition of an "ornithopter"?

an ornithopter 
              is a device that imitates the flapping-wing flight found in nature. 
              the word "ornithopter" (c.1908) combines the ancient greek 
              words for "bird" and "wing". an ornithopter 
              doesn't need to have feathers, though. what makes it birdlike is 
              the flapping motion! how is it different from an airplane or helicopter? 
              airplanes have a rotating propeller. helicopters have a rotary wing 
              that provides both lift and thrust. those machines are driven by 
              rotating airfoils. instead of rotation, the ornithopter wing imitates 
              the reciprocating motion of a bird's wing.
the flapping 
              wings of the ornithopter don't have to supply all of the lift. even 
              in real birds, the body and tail provide a significant portion of 
              the total lift.
ornithopter 
              (simple definition): an ornithopter is a device that flies by 
              flapping wings.

ornithopter (technical definition): an ornithopter is a manned 
              aircraft or an unmanned flying machine in which the driving airfoils 
              have a flapping, reciprocating, or oscillating motion, instead of 
              the rotary motion used in airplanes and helicopters.
did 
              leonardo da vinci invent the ornithopter?
leonardo 
              da vinci did not invent the ornithopter. the idea of the ornithopter 
              goes back to ancient times. ancient assyrians depicted god flying 
              in a winged chariot or ornithopter about 3,000 years ago. ornithopter 
              attempts were made before leonardo's time, and leonardo himself 
              never actually built one -- he only drew sketches. the first successful 
              flight of a manned ornithopter 
              was in 1942.
have 
              people ever flown in an ornithopter?
yes. adalbert 
              schmid's engine-powered manned ornithopters, flown in 1942 and 1947, 
              were the most successful to date. several other manned 
              ornithopters have made successful flights.
how 
              does an ornithopter fly?
 it's complicated, so find out in the how 
              to section of this web site.
why 
              doesn't the upstroke cancel out the downstroke?
the force 
              produced by a wing depends on the angle the wing is held at, relative 
              to its motion through the air. this is called the "angle of 
              attack". during the upstroke, the angle of attack is adjusted 
              so that the wing isn't pushing down on the ornithopter. more
can 
              i build my own ornithopter?
yes! many 
              people build ornithopters as a hobby or school project. there are 
              free plans on this web site. also check 
              out the ornithopter design manual.


 
 
  








