









main page












welcome to mindful of poetry


poetry page 1


poetry page 2


poetry page 3


poetry page 4


poetry page 5








endangered species page


celeb poet feature is now up on poetry page 4:  emily dickinson.   come have a look.   i will change the featured poet again in may, so if you want to participate, write a poem about your favorite poet, or in the style of your favorite poet, and you may be presenting  the next featured poet yourself.


haiku


opinions


val magnuson


poetry page 6


links


roger worley


sara russell


david barnes


m.l. hopson, the pinder poet


sondra ball


regis auffray


linda allbritten





doug poole





david summers


karen springer


phattkat


jim sutton


jean hull herman


david markey


the guy in the glassby dale wimbrow, (c) 1934when you get what you want in your struggle for pelf,and the world makes you king for a day,then go to the mirror and look at yourself,and see what that guy has to say.for it isn't your father, or mother, or wife,who judgement upon you must pass.the feller whose verdict counts most in your lifeis the guy staring back from the glass. he's the feller to please, never mind all the rest,for he's with you clear up to the end,and you've passed your most dangerous, difficult testif the guy in the glass is your friend. you may be like jack horner and "chisel" a plum,and think you're a wonderful guy,but the man in the glass says you're only a bumif you can't look him straight in the eye. you can fool the whole world down the pathway of years,and get pats on the back as you pass,but your final reward will be heartaches and tearsif you've cheated the guy in the glass.in memory of dale wimbrow 1895-1954


click here for a good parody of this poem:


lucille morgan wilson


.dennis greene





galactic poetry award: http://valmagnuson.com


esther cameron





challenge page


rob walker


if anyone would like to help save the rainforests, save the american prairies, save the big cats, etc.  please go to my en-dangered species page click on here  under the tiger, then click on one of the options on the sidebar to the left. 


aamie burnley's reply to this poem can be seen here.


aamie burnley


ursula t. gibson


michael burch


voices for africa


larry tilander


guy kettelhack





debashish haar


guest poets


robin ouzman hislop


mitchell gellar


richard vallance


corey harvard


rob ganson


wanda lea brayton


website designed at homestead™ make a website for your business










