


webmouse cyberspace publications: home page --  a collection of original and historical materials made available to the public for only the consideration of a proper mention of your source, being this website.











 

in their own words
family history, including diaries, letters, memoirs, photographs and much more are shared with others.  as explained in the soon to be opened research lab (link to the right) i am available to help with research, for free and for fee depending on what is required.




far from home: the diary of lt. william h. peel, 1863-1865
the diary includes peel's vivid account of the confederates' final charge at gettysburg, as well as an often witty picture of his life in the officers' prison at johnson's island, oh.  the diary is printed in its entirety along with informative articles and footnotes, additional annotation and photographs.  it is a chance to experience the civil war's darkest hours through the eyes of one young man.

coming soon

research lab

with education and experience spanning three decades, i am happy to help others study the mystery of our past.  to do this i give presentations and teach workshops (the latter for a modest fee per person) on the  techniques i have mastered.  the research lab contains a complete layout of my skills, tools, and availablity.





uru: forums and ages

ever since i wandered into myst online uru live (moul) in february 2007 i have spent hours  in this intelligent game in the tradition of the breakthrough myst games.  although our much beloved international online arg was cancelled in april 2008, in this part of my website i have links to my favorite forums as well as an original web-based age.


 ain't too 
  proud to beg
the new server space is not without cost.  please donate.  with paypal, it's fast, free and secure. just click on the ever-grateful donations mouse below.





















queen of denile
favorite links, forums and chatrooms on a variety of topics, mostly the things just for fun -- like lord of the rings t-shirts.





thoughts on shakespeare

miscellaneous meanderings about the works of the bard.  it's doubtful that anything here will save your english grade, but you might find the point-of-view refreshing.





eilidh bheag's highland home page
a collection of scots gaelic lore, legend and language.



all material, unless otherwise noted, is copyrighted by ellen sheffield wilds, 2007.  use is restricted and requires written permission of the author.  certain materials, where noted, may be reproduced provided that proper credit for the document is published and that such reuse is non-commercial.  please inquire if you have questions concerning use of these materials.

many thanks to beatrix potter for her wonderful mouses





questions and comments to webmouse cyberspace publications


copyright © 2009 ellen wilds, all rights reserved.








