








spydex.com - advanced security software










spydex.com






home
products
download
buy now
support
forum
about us
contact us




spydex.com /
  advanced security software 











advanced anti keylogger




 it is a powerful, easy to use anti-spy program that prohibits operation of any keylogger, either currently in use or in development.
 our unique protection algorithm will block operation of any such keystroke monitoring for all spy software, both known and unknown. once installed, our advanced anti keylogger will protect your privacy immediately and constantly.


 no spyware database update now! no scanning time now!



product info
download
buy now






spy lantern keylogger




spy keylogger is a spy software intended for monitoring all aspects of user activity.
 it allows you to see what exactly they are doing on your pc.
 you can see every keystroke they've typed in every application.
 this means that you can get every reply they've done in online chat, every e-mail they've sent via e-mail client or web based e-mail service.
 spy lantern keylogger pro records every online resource they've visited in the internet.


 be enlightened!



product info
download
buy now







hide files




 hide files is security program to hide any number of files or folders.
 you have files or programs that you don't want to share with other because they contain financial and tax information, passwords, personal letters and emails, private images, etc.
 but typically, computer files and folders have not security protection so the best way to protect them is to make files or folders invisible for another eyes.


 no one but you can access your hidden files or folders only!



product info
download
buy now






email spy pro




 email spy pro is well known e-mail monitoring software.
 it allows you to record and forward incoming and outgoing emails, including web-mail services like hotmail and yahoo mail.


 once installed on monitored computer it sends copies of all incomng and outgoing emails to your secret email address.


 when you really need to know what they send by e-mail.
 

product info
download
buy now













testimonials
spy lantern keylogger

  "i've installed the program with great ease and i find it very easy to use. love the program and it has been working great for a long time, thanks a lot, you did a great job! greetings from germany."
read more...
hide files

  "thanks for a great product. this application is exactly what i was looking for. the interface is intuitive and user friendly. thanks, you guys do a great job."
read more...


spydex, inc. latest news



november 14, 2016
spy lantern keylogger v5.4.2 has been released. some improvements in the program engine are added.
 

october 26, 2016
email spy pro v5.1.3 has been released. email delivery test option is improved. 
 
september 6, 2016
email spy pro v5.1.2 has been released. compatibility with trend micro products is improved. 
 

july 13, 2016
spy lantern keylogger v5.4.1 has been released. compatibility with mcafee products is improved.
 


 






home |
   products |
   download |
   buy now |
   support |
   forum |
   about us |
   contact us


copyright © 2002-2017, spydex, inc. all rights reserved.

site map | 
  contact us |
  privacy policy |
  terms of use

spy software | 
  security




