
















welcome to holden house 1902 bed & breakfast inn, a victorian b&b in colorado springs offering luxury suites with fireplaces, private baths and full gourmet breakfast



























 













official holden house site
receive the best rates & special packages when booking on our official website! 
book direct & save













				call 719-471-3980 
				(or) 
				888-565-3980 for assistance
		    








menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
home
suites/rates

rooms & suites

guest rooms view all
main house suites
rose victorian suites
carriage house suites


rates & policies
handicap accessible
book now
check availability
gift certificates


breakfast
specials
things to do

attractions and activities
events


business travelers
the inn

inn history
meet the innkeepers
our inncat mascot
photo tour


find us

directions
contact us


blog
 
 











welcome  to holden house 1902 bed & breakfast inn
rated #1 by tripadvisor travelers in colorado springs!
the victorian entry at holden house provides a warm welcome to guests.
check out our discount specials through may 1, 2025!
celebrating our 38th year of hospitality under the same ownership
great at 38 – celebrating decades of hospitality this year! [read more]
innkeepers sallie and welling clark in front of holden house 38 years after they opened in 1986
your romantic & relaxation getaway solution! an adults only (21+) property.

high standards for housekeeping are one of holden house’s top priorities.
imagine…a step back in time to our award-winning b&b, graced with three side-by-side victorians and nestled in a lovely tree-lined residential neighborhood near historic old colorado city. these storybook treasures cater to romantics and business travelers alike. centrally located just one mile from downtown colorado springs and close to quaint manitou springs, the inn provides off-street parking and six inviting guest suites, each with their own private bath. guestroom features include fireplaces, sitting areas, flat screen tvs, soft robes, signature amenities and much more. full gourmet breakfast and afternoon wine social is included in your stay. 
our spacious suites offer the perfect place for a vacation or staycation! remember, at holden house, your stay includes: *free parking, *complimentary full breakfast, *afternoon refreshments, *24 hour coffee/tea, *welcome cookies, *free wifi, *free color cable tv/dvd player, *on-site innkeepers to help you plan your stay!
 
advance reservations are needed for the pikes peak cog railway, pikes peak highway and the cheyenne mountain zoo. we suggest booking these in advance of your stay to assure enjoyment. 
visit our specials page for our getaway packages, read our latest blog
click here to view our specials, romance packages and discounts
special packages are offered for all occasions, including choices such as a relaxing massage, breakfast served in the privacy of your room, or sparkling cider and flowers on arrival. distinctive hospitality and personalized service is our hallmark. it’s no wonder that katharine lee bates wrote america the beautiful from atop famous pikes peak because the scenic beauty of colorado springs and the pikes peak region offers something for everyone. located in el paso county and known to coloradans as “the springs,” our city is located only 60 miles south of denver and as an option to denver international airport (dia-83 miles) includes its own convenient colorado springs airport.
[read more…]
a full gourmet breakfast is included in your stay and our romance package with breakfast served ensuite is an option for an additional fee.
each of the six suites feature private baths, comfortable sitting areas, fireplaces and queen or king beds. click on the photo to see all the suites.
history…repeats itself at our colorado springs area bed and breakfast. built in 1902 by isabel holden, the widow of a prosperous area businessman, rancher and mine owner, the inn’s spacious guest suites are named for historic mining areas in which the holden family owned interests. the stately colonial revival victorian main house features the aspen and cripple creek suites, a living room and parlor to relax and the elegant formal dining room where breakfast is served each morning. the goldfield and silverton carriage house suites and the rose victorian’s independence and pikes peak suites offer pet-free accommodations and are just a few steps away located in separate adjacent residences. the independence suite also offers disability access, and the pikes peak suite is a great choice for those looking for extended stays while traveling either for pleasure or business. our suites each boast modern accommodations with private label amenities, soft holden house signature robes, refrigerator, flat-screen tv with dvd player, free wi-fi, iron/ironing board and hairdryer. a full gourmet breakfast, afternoon wine social, 24-hour coffee/tea and welcome cookies, and quality bedding are just a few of our holden house personal touches.
quality…through independent inspections and awards by aaa, bed & breakfast innkeepers of colorado and authentic b&b inns and cottages of pikes peak, assures that high standards are maintained in all areas of guest comfort. here you will experience personalized service including friendly innkeepers and resident inncat ‘mingtoy’ to greet you with purr-fect hospitality. you can make a reservation online and check availability 24 hours a day or call us at 719-471-3980 from 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. (mountain standard time-mst) to personally speak to an experienced innkeeper who will help you plan your stay with us. *we are a veteran owned and operated business.
longtime innkeeper-owners sallie and welling clark continue to welcome guests to holden house while upholding high standards of hospitality and accommodations
each of our guest suites include:

soft signature bathrobes for use during your stay and may be purchased to take home
iron and ironing board
hairdryer
refrigerator
private label amenities including: shampoo, conditioner, lotion, bubble bath, make up remover, shower cap
flat screen tv with dvd player and dvd library collection access
alarm clock
bedside electronic plugs/usb hub
writing desk
free wifi
access to business center computer with printer
access to 24-hour coffee and tea
complimentary afternoon wine social served in the main parlor
fireplaces (winter months only) gas/electric
central air conditioning (summer)
private attached baths in all suites
complimentary full breakfast served at 8 or 9 a.m. in dining room (breakfast served ensuite for extra fee) and early risers continental available
adult only accommodations (21+)
guest suites feature one queen or king bed. we do not provide rollaways or  accommodate multiple beds. if you require a second bed, you may reserve a second room for additional guests based on availability.
disability access offered in *independence suite only with handicapped ramp and special parking access, bath and ada accommodations and optional removable shower seat. if applicable, please inform us via email or by calling 719-471-3980 in advance of specific needs to help us prepare for your stay. 
note: resident inncat mingtoy is located in the main house. although we clean thoroughly each day, should you require completely pet-free accommodations we recommend the rose victorian (independence/pikes peak) or carriage house suites (silverton/goldfield).
we pride ourselves on many common areas for your relaxation and enjoyment: the main house living room with fireplace and front parlor, carriage house parlor/kitchenette, rose victorian foyer as well as outdoor verandahs and garden. our common areas are accessible to other guests, so we recommend not leaving personal items in these spaces.

mingtoy is our resident inncat. should you need pet-free accommodations, it is recommended to book suites in the rose victorian or carriage house.



holden house’ innkeeper corner:
 

pci compliant secure website

we have some great specials to brighten up your getaway! perfect anytime of the year. you’ll be sure to enjoy our youtube food show “inn the kitchen” featuring our signature southwestern eggs fiesta prepared by innkeeper sallie clark and check out our blog with our delicious apple and cinnamon walnut french toast and more recipes!  read our latest e-news with a delectable recipe and step-by-step video perfect for  breakfast. holden house was selected as a reader’s choice, receiving a “best awards” from the colorado springs gazette, the colorado springs independent, and the colorado springs business journal and continues to receive a “certificate of excellence” and top tripadvisor ratings. enjoy our enews or our archives with more recipes! check out our specials page for amazing deals. 
 
 
 
 
 
“this was the perfect stay with warm and welcoming innkeepers.
the food and room were wonderful.”
 -anthony and lesley, texas
 
 









 


join our newsletter
e-mail address: 
select your interests:
holden house mailing list

aspiring innkeeper list

media/travel writer




 





recent posts


holden house receives “experts’ choice awards 2024” through excellent guest reviews: 
experts’ choice awards 2024: the world’s best hotels, restaurants & attractions the only accolade based on professional reviews tripexpert announced today the winners its eighth…






















sorry, you need javascript on to email me.






holden house 1902 bed & breakfast inn

1102 w pikes peak ave
				    colorado springs, co 80904-4347 
www.holdenhouse.com
the romance of the past with the comforts of today 


				latitude: 38.836856  longitude: -104.842145
				


phone: (719) 471-3980
toll free: (888) 565-3980
sorry, you need javascript on to email me.

				 responsive web design, marketing and hosting
				by acorn marketing
accessibility statementsite mapprivacy policy

















