



	welcome to plumbers & steamfitters local union 486































phone: (410) 866 4380 email: contact us





















home

pay dues 


about 

about us
standard for excellence
veterans in piping
leadership
history
jurisdiction
political action
training
apprenticeship
organizing
wage rates
contractors
news archive
links



events 


gallery 


members 

contact us


















welcome to local 486



                                        plumbers and steamfitters
                                    



highly trained
                                    



superior labor relations
                                    



skilled professionals
                                    





























welcome to plumbers and steamfitters local 486






















benefits office
we hope you will find valuable information on these pages and we encourage you to use the “contact us button” to send us your feedback on items you would like to see included in the future.
                                                *click*













training
local 486 believes that training is the foundation on which any organization is based. we are not only involved with our program but our members also sit on various vocational committees.
                                                *click*













contractors
select a search field of contractors that will provide the services you require. find professional plumbing contractors fast for all of your residential plumbing and commerical plumbing projects.
                                                *click* 













members only
please log in to access the members only sections. if you do not have a ua card number please contact the ua local 486 union office and they will provide you with your temporary password.
                                                *click*




















welcome to the plumbers & steamfitters local union 486
plumbers and steamfitters local 486 was established in 1995 by the consolidation of plumbers local 48 and steamfitters local 438. we represent nearly 2,000 union-trained plumbers and steamfitters, and are affiliated with the united association of journeymen and apprentices of the plumbing and pipefitting industry of the united states and canada.
 
our members are highly trained craftsmen who fabricate, install and service piping systems. they may be found on jobsites involving single-family homes, garden and high-rise apartment buildings, large and small office buildings, power plants, chemical installations, factories, public buildings and health care facilities. 

local 486 represents its members by providing job information, training programs and quality fringe benefits. we are also an important resource for contractors and owners. we promote good labor relations. we can provide an ample supply of highly trained labor, matching any size project need or skill requirement, including welding and specialty crafts such as medical gas piping. our goal is to insure the job is done right the first time, on budget and on time.
 




top news






local 486 christmas party
new administrator: benesys
local 486 scholarship deadline june 1, 2024
ua scholarship fund application deadline june 1, 2024
new benefit - teledoc
united association free college benefit
safety notice - msa gravity welder harness
wv hvac license application
welcome to our redesigned website.





news archive




								 to view past articles please click here.
							





















pasquale petrovia
- business manager -














gary g glab 
- financial secretary / treasurer  -
















chris anderson
- business agent -














c. ryan ambrose
- business agent -














harry schleicher, jr. 
- business agent -














stephen m nitsch
- business agent -



















                            for information on the apprenticeship program offered at ua local 486 training facility
                        

                            go to the plumbers/steamfitters local union 486 joint journeyman and apprentice training facility.
                        


  learn more












ua local 486

                            our members are highly trained craftsmen who fabricate, install and service piping systems. 
                        

                            they may be found on jobsites involving single-family homes, garden and high-rise apartment buildings, large and small office buildings, power plants, chemical installations, factories, public buildings and health care facilities.
                        


find us


address: 8100 sandpiper circle, suite 200 baltimore, maryland 21236
                            

union phone: 410.866.4380


union fax: 410.933.3515


training phone: 410.866.5313


email: click here










client commitment





                                "ua local 486 is committed to providing the best services and manpower to our customers.  our training is second to none and our leadership is fully committed to working with every end user and owner so that their project comes in on-time and on-budget."
will welsh, business manager 





                                "mca-maryland and the ua local 486 share a 90-year partnership. this relationship has been, and continues to be, invaluable to our contractors. collaborating with ua local 486 on all levels of running a construction and service business helps us stay competitive in the marketplace.  thank you for being our partner and we look forward to another 100 years."
steve weissenberger, former executive vice president, mca-maryland 











quick message
































                            © copyright
                            2025
                            ua local 486 | all rights reserved.
                        



home
pay dues
about
events
members
contact us






















