








home - ellen kennon

















































































 

homeaboutservicesgallerystoreblogcontact us









menu



















full spectrum paintsorder samples 


































paint your walls with light!​ 
















using our full spectrum paints your walls will come alive, bringing in the energy and healing benefits of natural daylight. they become chameleon-like in their ability to pick up colors from adjacent materials, and to change character as the light changes. each color is mixed with a minimum of seven pigments and no black, so they never look muddy or lose their character in low light conditions. not only do these colors work well with the materials around them, they work well with each other. 







































shop full spectrum paintsour paint samples are always shipped out within 24 hours via usps priority mail. if you need them sooner, call us and we will make arrangements to overnight them:  877-877-7628. our full spectrum formulas are created in sherwin-williams' premium interior and exterior products. 






shop paints













design servicesonce you have our paint samples, telephone us to set up a phone conference with ellen. you may also send her photos, floor plans, finish samples and anything else you think she might need to help visualize your space.  






design services













meet ellensince 1982, interior designer ellen kennon has been creating environments often described as magical and healing. in addition to running her own design firm, ellen was head of interiors for peter marino architect's manhattan office whose clients included valentino, yves st. laurent and calvin klein. 






about ellen























































"there is a warmth and richness to her paints that makes an ordinary wall suddenly more special. a halo sensation that feels like home."



tradewind 64
gardenweb's home decorating forum




























 








 
877-877-7628



 
9704 royal st, st francisville, la 70775















home




about




services




gallery




store




blog




contact us













sign up for our newsletter 











								name							




								email							







subscribe





















© all rights reserved 












instagram





facebook





pinterest



















close menu



home
about
services
gallery
store
blog
contact us






































