









































































medford public schools








skip to contentgradebookcardinals youtubegoogle classroomstaff emailsearch sitemedford public schoolsgradebookcardinals youtubegoogle classroomstaff emailsearch sitemenutranslatemenutranslateskip gallerywelcome to medford public schoolend of galleryprogramsreverse slideradvance slidermedford fcclafamily, career, and community leaders of america, a student organization  that promotes personal growth and leadership development through family and consumer sciences education, focusing on the multiple roles of family member, wage earner, and community leader. the medford fccla chapter is a state and national award winning organization, earning the oklahoma fccla star chapter award which represents the best of the best among hundreds of oklahoma fccla chapters. the award recognizes fccla chapters who have developed outstanding leadership skills through community service efforts, attendance at leadership conferences, participation in competitive events, and participation in state fccla programs. 
the medford chapter has had 32 students compete nationally in star events over the past 6 years. star events are competitive events in which members are recognized for their proficiency and achievement in chapter and individual projects, leadership skills, and career preparation. 
medford fcclafamily, career, and community leaders of america, a student organization  that promotes personal growth and leadership development through family and consumer sciences education, focusing on the multiple roles of family member, wage earner, and community leader. the medford fccla chapter is a state and national award winning organization, earning the oklahoma fccla star chapter award which represents the best of the best among hundreds of oklahoma fccla chapters. the award recognizes fccla chapters who have developed outstanding leadership skills through community service efforts, attendance at leadership conferences, participation in competitive events, and participation in state fccla programs. 
the medford chapter has had 32 students compete nationally in star events over the past 6 years. star events are competitive events in which members are recognized for their proficiency and achievement in chapter and individual projects, leadership skills, and career preparation. 
medford ffain medford ffa, students are introduced to a variety of skills such as welding, livestock production, public speaking, and a variety of leadership skills.  becoming involved in ffa is an excellent way to meet new people and discover new experiences in medford high school as well as in our community and around the country.  agricultural education class provides a solid foundation for students looking to be involved in the abundant agricultural community in grant county and in medford.  students learn skills applicable to their daily lives now and in the future. art educationfor over 15 years medford high school has offered the unique option of art education to all high school grades 9-12.  students explore basic art media and techniques, such as painting, drawing, ceramics, sculpting and more. students are also introduced to art history and appreciation as they explore the art and architecture from earlier periods like baroque and renaissance.  the culmination of each student's work is showcased at the end of year art show held in may. national honor societynational honors society (nhs) was established in 1921 by the national association of secondary principals with the goal to recognize and encourage scholastically outstanding high school students. to be a part of the nhs, you must have a minimum gpa of 3.0 as well as two teacher recommendations. at medford high school, nhs students are involved in multiple service projects benefitting the medford community and the students of mhs. national honors society offers over 400 scholarships to its members each year. members of nhs with a gpa greater than 3.5 may be eligible to become members of oklahoma association of national honor society.medford student councilmedford high school is a member of the oklahoma association of student councils (oasc), a statewide leadership organization that offers training, resources, and leadership opportunities to its members. mhs sends underclassman stuco officers and directors to the oasc basic leadership workshops at northwestern oklahoma state university in alva, and upcoming seniors to oacs advanced workshops at the university of oklahoma in the summer.  students who attend these workshops learn invaluable leadership skills that they bring home to the mhs student body. at medford, stuco organizes and helps coordinate pep rallies, red ribbon week, cards against cancer, obi blood drives, mental health awareness week, spirit days, and multiple homecoming events. mhs stuco officers are elected by the medford student body and is open to any mhs student who wishes to join. medford ffain medford ffa, students are introduced to a variety of skills such as welding, livestock production, public speaking, and a variety of leadership skills.  becoming involved in ffa is an excellent way to meet new people and discover new experiences in medford high school as well as in our community and around the country.  agricultural education class provides a solid foundation for students looking to be involved in the abundant agricultural community in grant county and in medford.  students learn skills applicable to their daily lives now and in the future. art educationfor over 15 years medford high school has offered the unique option of art education to all high school grades 9-12.  students explore basic art media and techniques, such as painting, drawing, ceramics, sculpting and more. students are also introduced to art history and appreciation as they explore the art and architecture from earlier periods like baroque and renaissance.  the culmination of each student's work is showcased at the end of year art show held in may. national honor societynational honors society (nhs) was established in 1921 by the national association of secondary principals with the goal to recognize and encourage scholastically outstanding high school students. to be a part of the nhs, you must have a minimum gpa of 3.0 as well as two teacher recommendations. at medford high school, nhs students are involved in multiple service projects benefitting the medford community and the students of mhs. national honors society offers over 400 scholarships to its members each year. members of nhs with a gpa greater than 3.5 may be eligible to become members of oklahoma association of national honor society.medford student councilmedford high school is a member of the oklahoma association of student councils (oasc), a statewide leadership organization that offers training, resources, and leadership opportunities to its members. mhs sends underclassman stuco officers and directors to the oasc basic leadership workshops at northwestern oklahoma state university in alva, and upcoming seniors to oacs advanced workshops at the university of oklahoma in the summer.  students who attend these workshops learn invaluable leadership skills that they bring home to the mhs student body. at medford, stuco organizes and helps coordinate pep rallies, red ribbon week, cards against cancer, obi blood drives, mental health awareness week, spirit days, and multiple homecoming events. mhs stuco officers are elected by the medford student body and is open to any mhs student who wishes to join. spotlightprevious spotlight itememma wittum - mrs. george's 5th grade february star student- author namecade dell - mrs. edgar's 5th grade february star student- author namejoseph krejsek - mrs. jantzen's 4th grade february star student- author nameabigail nollenberger - mrs. taylor's 3rd grade february star student- author namekollyns kretchmar- mrs. johnson's 2nd grade february star student- author namekinzley misak - mrs. hoover's 1st grade february star student- author namejackson morgan - mrs. nollenberger's 1st grade february star student- author namedaxton sturgeon - mrs. shelton's kindergarten february star student- author nameaddilyn vollmer - mrs. conrady's kindergarten february star student- author namekade branson - 6th grade february star student- author namebrennan locke - 6th grade february star student- author namejairon durant- 8th grade january star student- author namenext spotlight itemfind usmedford public schools301 n. mainmedford, oklahoma 73759580-395-2392schoolsmedford public schoolsstay connectedcopyright © 2025 medford public schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

