

























pulsonix | pcb design software























products & solutions

products
new in version 13.0
pulsonix scm/pcb
high-speed design
spice simulation
advanced autorouter
pulsonix vault
database connection (pdc)
all features
download free trial


solutions
schematic capture
pcb layout
3d design
embedded component technology
chip-on-board design
flexi-rigid pcb design
rf design
plm integration
migrating from other systems



sales

customer stories
datasheets
request a free trial
where to buy
contact us



technical

product documentation
product downloads & updates

tools & utilities downloads
component search engine

online gerber viewer



services & support

contact support
training courses
user forum
technical information
partners, tools & libraries



about

user login
about us
esg
policies
contact us


free trial



sign in
request new login account
forgot password














































request a free pulsonix trial

read about the latest version 13.0









pulsonix pcb design software
scalable schematic capture & pcb design software




pulsonix pcb design software
scalable schematic capture & pcb design software




pulsonix pcb design software
flexi-board design




pulsonix pcb design software
integrated 3d pcb and mechanical cad environment












upgrade your electronic design process


do you struggle with expensive annual costs, not owning a perpetual license or inferior functionality? 
					try pulsonix today as an easy solution







here are just some of the pulsonix highlights...


schematic capture

easily create schematic designs using the feature rich toolset within the pulsonix schematic editor. use pulsonix scm and the 
                    built-in spice library to simulate your design ensuring electrical correctness at all stages of your designs. buy additional 
                    schematic only seats for a cost-effective solution.


pcb layout

sophisticated design rules enable all aspects of the pcb design to be managed and created. easy to use routing and layout features 
                    including push-aside routing and component placement and full assembly variants are all included as standard in pulsonix.


high-speed design

easy to define and powerful high-speed design tools including constraint manager, differential pair routing, dynamic serpentine 
                    routing, pin package lengths, intelligent path definition and online length displays to help with ddr, pci express and usb designs.




flexi-board support

advanced technology to support flexi-rigid designs, chip-on-board and embedded components including embedded resistors, 
                    capacitors, thinned-dies and planar transformers.


3d view & mcad outputs

real time 3d view of your design in the built-in pulsonix step preview engine. add cases and enclosures, run clash detection in 
                    real-time. additional bi-directional step, idf and dxf exports to your mechanical cad system.


pulsonix vault

full access control, revision history and saved search capability of pulsonix designs, libraries and technology files in the 
                    pulsonix vault provides you with total control and in an audited environment.



see all features







discover why thousands of companies around the world choose pulsonix


"the capability of pulsonix and the supportive team at westdev haveâ helped us make this importantâ transition and to move forward." 
                        
mark wilkinson - copernica








































request a free trial
all the features of the full edition and only limited to 100 component pins.
request pulsonix for free



contact us
we have sales channels throughout the world that will be able to help you.
contact us

enter your country in the box below to find your nearest distributor







request free trial
contact us









sales

where to buy pulsonix

product datasheets


careers

career opportunities



support

search pulsonix.com
technical support
user forum

access the component search engine



pulsonix

                ph. +44 (0) 1684 296 551
				email. sales@pulsonix.com




policies









copyright westdev ltd 1997-2025
                








































