







dentrust three-sided toothbrush – the original 3-sided toothbrush :: proudly made in the usa




















































 





 







save 10% on next purchase with promo code: trust 

 to order by phone call:  800-345-1143 









 ×
home
buy dentrust  

for the entire family
for preventing gum disease
for autism & special needs

dentrust: autisticare
caregiver & assisted brushing


for braces/orthodontics
dentrust multi-packs

dentrust: 2-packs
dentrust: 4-packs




demo videos
dentrust plus  

dentrust: autisticare
dentrust: periocare
partner products
diy dental care

diy dental essentials
diy dental recipes
submit diy dental recipe


facebook promotions
dentrust: post partners


about dentrust  

about dentrust…
clinically proven
usage instructions
faq
contact us


 
menu 











the original three-sided toothbrush
the dentrust toothbrush is proudly made in the usa.
dentrust features an advanced three-sided design that completely surrounds teeth to assure maximum coverage per brushing stroke.  that makes dentrust more efficient than a conventional toothbrush.


                    buy now
                  











advanced wrap around design
provides complete coverage with one easy brushing stroke.
not only does dentrust provide excellent coverage in less time, but more importantly, it covers hard to reach back teeth as well as inside tooth surfaces.


                    buy now
                  











clinically proven results
helps prevent gum disease & promote better brushing.
approximately 55% of americans ages 18-74 have some form of gum disease. clinical tests proved that after two weeks dentrust was significantly more effective than a leading brand in reducing gingivitis in hard-to-reach areas.


                    buy now
                  











specialty uses
a complete tooth cleaning & gum care system.
the dentrust toothbrush's unique design makes it ideal for specialty uses.  caregivers find it ideal for assisted brushing for special needs.  and its perfect for braces and periodontal disease.


                    buy now
                  








  






clinically proven 3-sided toothbrush
family owned company - proudly made in the usa



introducing dentrust – a unique, patented toothbrush designed with independent ultralon bristles that provide cleaning and gum care advantages never before possible. dentrust is more than a toothbrush. three years of carefully directed development and testing now provide you with a complete tooth cleaning and gum care system.






complete tooth coverage



dentrust features an advanced three-sided design that completely surrounds teeth to assure maximum coverage per brushing stroke. that makes dentrust more efficient than a conventional toothbrush. not only does dentrust provide excellent coverage in less time, but more importantly, it covers hard to reach back teeth as well as inside tooth surfaces. also, dentrust features a patented system of expansion pleats and independent support arms to provide equal pressure to all tooth widths.


assures gumline cleaning



cleaning plaque at the gumline is one of the most important elements in home dental care and often neglected. failure to remove plaque at the gumline can lead to gingivitis, an early form of gum disease that afflicts 3 out of 4 americans. dentrust bristles are automatically positioned at the recommended 45-degree angle to reach-in and effectively clean the gumline. this assures a thorough and effective gumline cleaning… even in the most difficult to reach areas.


extra protection for gums



clinical studies show that conventional bristles (even the soft, end- rounded type) can contribute to receding gums and dental abrasion. dentrust bristles are 225% softer than conventional bristles. dentrust massages gums while cleaning the teeth to help ensure gingival health.

























clinically proven performance



dentrust has demonstrated in 30 and 90 day clinical tests to significantly reduce both plaque and gingivitis. these tests also confirm that compared to a leading brand:

dentrust had consistently lower plaque scores in hard-to-reach areas.
after two weeks dentrust was significantly more effective in reducing gingivitis in hard-to-reach areas.



100%-200% better coverage



dental professionals recommend brushing for at least three minutes, but the average person spends only 30-60 seconds brushing. compared to other toothbrushes, dentrust gives you 100%-200% greater coverage per brushing stroke.























flexibility, comfort, simplicity



dentrust’s unique “expansion pleats” automatically adjust the brush to varying tooth widths as you brush. now you can be sure every tooth receives the individual attention it deserves. plaque accumulates continuously on all tooth surfaces, especially between the teeth and under the gumline. dentrust’s independent bristles are specifically designed to access and clean these hard-to-reach areas.


ensure your brushing performance



approximately 55% of americans ages 18-74 have some form of gum disease. clinical tests proved that after two weeks dentrust was significantly more effective than a leading brand in reducing gingivitis in hard-to-reach areas.




















 

 
 






introducing dentrust - a unique, patented toothbrush designed with independent ultralon bristles that provide cleaning and gum care advantages never before possible. dentrust is more than a toothbrush, it's a complete tooth cleaning and gum care system.
1-800-345-1143
support@dentrust.com
https://dentrust.com


157 ne alder st., toledo or  97391



watch & share our demo videos.....



facebook





youtube





 
 












10% off with discount code: trustpurchase today at dentrust.com and receive 10% off, plus subscribe to our newsletter for more offers & special deals.











special offers...






you have successfully subscribed!






pin it on pinterest



























share this





facebook





twitter





pinterest





blogger


































