      ford dealer in avon park fl | bill jarrett ford                                                                    bill jarrett ford        sales 863-249-1003    service 863-249-1004  parts 863-249-1002      1305 u.s. highway 27 northavon park, fl 33825                           service        map        contact                       bill jarrett ford            call 863-249-1003   directions                  home   new   search inventory   model showroom   shop our courtesy loaner vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   ford car reviews   ford comparisons     used   search inventory   vehicles under 10k   certified pre-owned overview   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   certified pre-owned dealer near me     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   shop our courtesy loaner vehicles   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials   regional incentives     service & parts   service department   order parts   schedule service appointment   recalls   collision center   pickup and delivery   service department     finance   quick lane®   tires   fordpass   schedule service   finance department   payment calculator   credit application      about   our dealership   employment    meet our staff   ford dealer near me   electric vehicles for sale near me   jarrett promise    private policy   private requests     contact   dealer information   hours & directions                     home   new   search inventory   model showroom   shop our courtesy loaner vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   ford car reviews   ford comparisons     used   search inventory   vehicles under 10k   certified pre-owned overview   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   certified pre-owned dealer near me     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   shop our courtesy loaner vehicles   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials   regional incentives     service & parts   service department   order parts   schedule service appointment   recalls   collision center   pickup and delivery   service department     finance   quick lane®   tires   fordpass   schedule service   finance department   payment calculator   credit application      about   our dealership   employment    meet our staff   ford dealer near me   electric vehicles for sale near me   jarrett promise    private policy   private requests     contact   dealer information   hours & directions               










     inventory search   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model     year  any year    body style  any body style    price  any price       more filters   reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






                                                                                                                  disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                     








special offers
view specials










schedule service
schedule now





     search new inventory     search used inventory            something for everyone  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suvs & crossovers   trucks & vans   all electric   cars           escape      bronco sport      bronco      edge      explorer      mustang mach-e      expedition          maverick      ranger      transit connect      f-150      super duty      transit      f-150 lightning          mustang mach-e      f-150 lightning          mustang     explore all newmodels           







order a vehicle
your custom vehicle is a click away.

detailed interior and exterior vehicle photography
choose model, trim levels, packages, exterior paint, interior options, engine type, and accessories
estimated finance and lease pricing options



order now







     

quality service
certified service experts can help
we made your ford the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. dealeron ford technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service


      







ford maverick
flexible, fun and capable
the compact truck that breaks the pickup mold with hybrid power & boundless versatility. whether you want to cruise city streets or haul your boat to the beach, this is a pickup that can pick up and go.


find yours








       



bill jarrett ford
we appreciate you taking the time today to visit our web site. our goal is to give you an interactive tour of our new and used inventory, as well as allow you to conveniently get a quote, schedule a service appointment, or apply for financing.
more about us




welcome to our avon park ford dealer



is it time to change your vehicle and upgrade to a new set of wheels? do you need help customizing your
payment plan? are you looking for a trustworthy team of mechanics to handle your car repairs?
well, we've got good news for you! drivers near avon park, florida, can visit us at
bill jarrett
ford.

at our dealership, we strive to serve customers like you throughout every step of the car-buying process.
we have a vast inventory of american-made ford vehicles and a team to help you throughout your shopping
experience.









new and used ford inventory in avon park

we have plenty of choices, if you're looking to drive home in a new or pre-owned
ford. first up, we have many popular new ford
models so that you can find the one that's suitable for you.
perhaps you want to find a stout hauler, like the ford f-250, to tow your
camping trailer or boat. you might want a rugged off-road explorer, like the ford bronco, a family-sized
suv, like the ford expedition, or a thrill-seeking ford mustang. plus, the ford f-150 is an ever-popular
pickup truck. we have electric options too!
what if you want to take a pre-owned
ride home with you? we can help with that too! we have a vast inventory of
used vehicles, including certified
pre-owned ford models. for budget-conscious drivers, we have used cars under
$20k. we carefully inspect every used vehicle at our dealership to confirm
its quality before it's available for you.
whatever you're looking for, our sales team is happy to show you around and
answer any questions you have. we want you to find the ride that meets your lifestyle needs.









easy ford financing and leasing in avon park

once you find your next ford at our dealership, it's time for financing. we
aim to make this process as easy as possible. so, kick your feet up, grab a drink, and use our online
application to be pre-approved for financing from your home. it only takes a few minutes to apply.
once you receive your approval, you can start the next steps, feeling happy about the time you've saved.
then, talk with our ford financing experts about your options. our motivated finance team will use their
local connections to help them create a plan that fits into your budget.
you might be asking, "what if my credit could be better?" that's okay! our team is adept at working with
a variety of credit backgrounds. feel free to apply and we'll help identify the subprime credit loan
that suits your financial history.
let us help you find financing or a lease for a new ford in avon park. it's our job to get you the
vehicle you want.









auto service and parts in avon park

after you take home your new or pre-owned ford, you'll want to enjoy it for as long as possible.
maintenance is the optimal way to keep your car performing well. you can visit our ford service center in avon
park to have our trained ford technicians care for your ride.
whether it's a simple oil change or a more complex repair, our team is here to help you. you can even
request an appointment with us online! make sure to check out our service specials to see if any of our
offers fit your needs.
plus, we can set you up with original equipment manufacturer (oem)
parts designed specifically for your ford. contact us, if you need a specific part.
if we don't have it at the dealership, we'll ship it to you. we want your ford to be set up for success.

visit us for ford shopping, financing, and maintenance
at bill jarrett ford, we want to help drivers in avon park, fl, head home in their dream ford vehicles.
browse our new and used inventory online today to find your favorite model. our team is here for you,
so contact us with any
questions you have.
we hope to meet you at our dealership soon!




     
visit us

 1305 u.s. highway 27 north, avon park 33825






    sales hours         monday 8:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 7:00pm    friday 8:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm     tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 8:00am - 5:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:00pm    friday 8:00am - 5:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed        

              although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures bill jarrett ford | 1305 u.s. highway 27 north, avon park, fl 33825 | sales: 863-249-1003 |                

















               