



































    truck body parts edmonton | western truck body manufacturing
  















                  

 

 

 





 get in touch:
780-466-8065



    


     home



  products


   doors & boxes



  flat decks



  service bodies


   ub100



  ub110



  ub134





  slip in canopies





  parts & service



  gallery



  contact












    
 





       


  western truck body mfg.
 excellence in truck bodies since 1958   

contact us





   
 we are here to serve you
 you like to tackle a lot of tough projects. you enjoy working with your hands, but you also appreciate the usefulness of a 
powerful vehicle 
when you have an especially difficult task on your to-do list. maybe you need to 
store and transport 
equipment 
for your business. businesses and adventurers can both benefit from industrial 
work vehicles. 
western truck body mfg. 
has the 
accessories 
you need to make your projects a reality. our 
products 
can assist you with many 
types 
of personal or commercial ventures.



    who we are
 
western truck body, ulc a subsidiary of federal signal corporation​is a leader in customized,
commercial and industrial, aluminum
truck body manufacturing and repairs. founded in 1958, western truck body is proud to be known as “your fleet management partner” in various sectors such as agriculture, construction, mining, oil and gas, utilities and public
service industries for providing high
quality products based on custom design and personalized service.western truck body is an approved ford motor company pool stock dealer and certified installer. we’ll help you work with your local dealer to pick up a
truck or van from our stock, or on-order
inventory and compliment it with a service
body, deck,
crane, air compressor power tailgate, waste oil pump or hose reel.
 



    products



    
      

  doors & boxes
  

button






    

  flat decks
  

button






    

  service bodies
  

button






    

  slip in canopies
  

button












    

 at western truck body mfg. we are committed to meeting your unique needs and supplying you with reliable service and top quality, resilient products from a single source.

 
contact us


    at western truck body mfg. we are committed to meeting your unique needs and supplying you with reliable service and top quality, resilient
products from a single source.

 
 

 contact us







       

 western truck body mfg.
 6115 - 30 street nw edmonton, ab t6p 1j8
 phone780-466-8065fax780-468-1577emailsales@westerntruckbody.com
 hours of operationmonday to friday8:00am - 4:30pm social media terms & conditions     

 

 

 




privacy policy 



     © 2025 
all rights reserved | western truck body manufacturing



  




















































































































  
  share by:













