









jupiter florida fishing charter boat - samana fishing charters











































toggle navigation





samanaexpert fishing charters


home
fishing photos
directions
general info
 

expert south florida fishing charterexperience the best fishing that south florida has to offer at an affordable price. our charters target wahoo, grouper, dolphin, sailfish, snapper, kingfish & more!ask about our night fishing tripsnot only do both of our boats leave twice daily, we also have a twilight 6pm-10pm night fishing option. ask us today about how we can help you catch a swordfish and other fish targeted at night. book your adventure on one of our charter boats today!gift certificates available561-309-3328textmapemail









 $110 fishing charter!
that's right. a half day on one of our fishing charters is only $110, proving you don't have to sacrifice a personalized fishing experience for service for savings. 

private fishing charters are also available.

 

 personalized fishing experience
the samana fishing charter boats depart jupiter inlet twice daily. with only 6 to 12 anglers on average on our fishing boats, you are guaranteed a personalized fishing experience at a low cost. 
 

 we do the hard part
on the samana fishing charter boats we have a crew member for every 3 to 4 anglers. that means all you have to worry about is holding the pole. we take an active roll in assisting you with setting up, baiting hooks, and best yet...filleting the fish. 
 








about us samana expert fishing charters are dedicated to providing an exciting fishing adventure to residents and tourists in the jupiter florida and surrounding south florida area. our fishing experience spans two generations and over 30 years.  

561-309-3328



 



navigationhome
fishing photos
directions
general info
 
 


 
gift certificates available



					samana expert fishing charters
blowing rocks marina - 
18487 se federal highway jupiter fl 33469

561 309-3328 
samanafishing@bellsouth.net

samana expert fishing charters all rights reserved.					
				








