







the gospel message - preaching the truth of jesus christ





































skip to content

















previous issue
current volume
archiveexpand


volumes
issues


meetings
subscribe
 





search





























toggle menu







search






















 



lessons from the gibeonites: honoring commitments
byjoshua riggins 
february 14, 2025december 21, 2024 



in joshua 9, we’re introduced to an interesting group of individuals, the gibeonites. having heard of the great successes of israel (verse 3), they put together a scheme designed to save their lives. verses 4-5 detail the great lengths they took to make it look as though they came from a far country:  …they worked…





				read more lessons from the gibeonites: honoring commitmentscontinue
 








 



lessons from the withered fig tree
bysteve wright 
february 1, 2025december 21, 2024 



please read about the withered fig tree in mark 11:12-14, 20-25 and consider: fig trees in palestine may live as long as four hundred years. a well-cultivated tree should produce fruit for ten months of the year in those locales. however, because of the difficulties of translation, some have extrapolated a point from this text…





				read more lessons from the withered fig treecontinue
 








 



times of restoration
bywade stanley 
january 20, 2025november 21, 2024 



the book of joshua ends with the death of eleazar, son of aaron. phinehas, his son, succeeded him as high priest. phinehas is best known for decisively ending god’s punishment of israel for their unfaithfulness with the moabites. god praised phinehas:  phinehas son of eleazar, the son of aaron the priest, has turned my anger…





				read more times of restorationcontinue
 








 



how to use the law
bytad morris 
january 10, 2025november 21, 2024 



teaching in higher education for ten years taught me that you cannot assume people will do what’s obviously right, and they will not admit to understanding what is obviously wrong. when people are left without marked boundaries to exercise their own free will, they will defy their own conscience, ignore any sense of right and…





				read more how to use the lawcontinue
 








 



it’s my party and i’ll cry if i want to
byrick sparks 
january 1, 2025november 21, 2024 



satan secured the scepter of government in the earth from adam by right of conquest. he has organized the present world system on his own cosmic principles:  pride, ambition, selfishness, force, greed, and pleasure. the world system—scientific, cultured, and elegant—is dominated by satanic principles, and beneath its deceptive veneer is a seething cauldron of ambition…





				read more it’s my party and i’ll cry if i want tocontinue
 








 



jesus wept
bytrent fiorentin 
december 20, 2024october 22, 2024 



as many of you may already know, my wife leah and i have recently suffered some severe loss. on november 30, 2023, we lost our son, andrew james, at 16 weeks gestation. then again on july 2, 2024, we lost our daughter, quincy kay, at 20 weeks gestation. there were many thoughts that followed both…





				read more jesus weptcontinue
 








 



what are you saying?
bydan huff 
december 10, 2024october 22, 2024 



our words are powerful! they can tear souls down, they can destroy the closest of friendships, they can dishearten, and they can and do cause wars. our words can build souls up, they can encourage and strengthen friendships, they can be healing, and they can prevent wars. our words are real, and they have meaning….





				read more what are you saying?continue
 








 



submission
bykevin crittenden 
december 1, 2024october 22, 2024 



dear friends, i urge you, as foreigners and exiles, to abstain from sinful desires, which wage war against your soul. live such good lives among the pagans that, though they accuse you of doing wrong, they may see your good deeds and glorify god on the day he visits us. submit yourselves for the lord’s sake to every human…





				read more submissioncontinue
 








 



the relatability of the bible
bymichael allen 
november 15, 2024september 16, 2024 



one of the things that makes the bible so real to us is the relatability of the stories it gives us. on some level, each of us will no doubt have very similar issues as those that we read about in these stories.  what got me started down this path was considering the story of…





				read more the relatability of the biblecontinue
 








 



redemption — what price?
bylouis garbi 
november 1, 2024september 16, 2024 



being purchased stresses things the lord wants us to remember. we belong to god. connected to this is how precious we are to him. we are dear to him. because of sin, a price had to be paid — the price of redemption. the price was commensurate with the value of who we are and…





				read more redemption — what price?continue
 







page navigation
1
2
3
…
39
next pagenext

 













since 1960, the gospel message has endeavored to preach the truth of jesus christ.
 














tgm is edited by wade stanley and published by doug twaddell, evangelists of the church of christ.
 













the gospel message - 2025
 























previous issue
current volume
archivetoggle child menuexpand


volumes
issues


meetings
subscribe
 












toggle menu close
 




search for:



search
 






