





            
                
                    home
                
            
            
                
                - michigan lutheran seminary
            
        




























michigan lutheran seminary
wisconsin evangelical lutheran synod


menu













your interests
we encourage all of our students to participate in one of the many student activities we offer. on and off the court, mls offers many opportunities to use your god-given talents!








your support
from the first day a freshman steps on campus to graduation day of senior year, the mls student is surrounded by the one thing needful: god’s word.








your home
many mls students live in the dormitories during the school week. because of that, we try and offer students all the luxuries of home.








your family
over half the students at mls live on campus. living with your friends leads to lasting memories, lifelong friendships, and experiences that will never be forgotten. your classmates become “your family”!








your school
since 1910, michigan lutheran seminary has been fostering spiritual, academic, and personal growth for high school students from across the nation and the world.








welssa accredited
mls has received exemplary accreditation from wisconsin evangelical lutheran synod school accreditation (welssa).











                    fast facts
                




































become a cardinal



                    request
                    
                    info
                



                    visit
                



                    apply
                






happening @ seminary




applications now open!

it's already time to think about applying for the 2025-26 school year! if you have an 8th grader who wants to come to mls next year, applications are now open! …







now hiring - mls business manager

mls is seeking to fill our business manager position. the mls business manager is responsible for the financial affairs of mls, serves as the chief human resource officer, and is …







mls arts and academic fair

michigan lutheran seminary invites you to participate in the arts and academic fair on saturday, march 8. it is a day for students throughout the michigan district to gather on …


date: 03/08/2025 8:00a.m.







mls summer camps

our mls camps focus on teamwork, fundamentals, and skill development in a positive, christian environment. camp directors use the excellent facilities at michigan lutheran seminary to engage with our synod’s …










question_mark
why mls








contract_edit
wishlist








calendar_month
calendar








photo_camera
photos








directions_run
athletics










explore our campus now


let's go








                experience michigan lutheran seminary
            




view videos from a wide variety of campus events as well as promotional.




                                    watch videos
                                






enjoy galleries of beautiful pictures captured over the years at mls.




                                    view photos
                                






view live streams of chapel, concerts, sporting events and more!




                                    watch streams
                                








our mission


            the special purpose of michigan lutheran seminary is to prepare high school students for the public ministry of the gospel, encouraging them to enroll in the wels college of ministry, martin luther college.
        









about us


history


contact us


faculty & staff


governing board


school catalog


policies & procedures


record of drills conducted


promotional resources




admissions


visit mls


apply to mls


request info packet


financial aid


junior cardinals


transcripts




campus life


calendar


campus guide


family code


mls faqs


school supply list




activities


athletic passes


concert choir schedule


bsn sideline store


physical form


summer camps


facility/equipment request



















































michigan lutheran seminary
2777 hardin street, saginaw, mi 48602
t: (989) 793-1010
f: (989) 401-7334
contact us












