









randall homes | winnipeg home builders since 1983









































































avanti custom homescall us: 204.253.1548searchsubmitclearaboutwho we aredesign studiocor certifiedtalk us up programcanadian armed forces and first responders incentivemodern slavery annual reportmove-in readyparade of homescommunitiesbrowse homesquick possessionback lanesmulti-familyside by sidecondosmorning stargrande pointeridgewood westserviceservice commitmentservice requestnewscontact us




 



show homes are opento new friends who appreciate quality, and old friends who expect it.when choosing to build and move into a new randall home you will treat yourself to award winning designs, quality construction and the added assurance of our qualified service department.parade of homesas we celebrate 41 years experience as a family business, we know how much your new home will mean to you.that's why our entire team takes pride in the work they do, right from the smallest detail – so that you can relax and enjoy your new randall home. buying a new home for your family is the biggest, most important purchase you will ever make. you want it to be comfortable and uniquely yours – a place where memories are made. at randall homes, we know this.
about us142024 parade of homes entries6ready to move-in homes40+years experience14+models to choose frombrowse our homesview all homes3 beds3 baths2124 sqfttwo storeythe brooklyn ii3 beds3 baths2121 sqfttwo storeythe prescott3 beds3 baths1999 sqfttwo storeythe mannet bfall 2024displaying the finest examples of manitoba craftsmanship & creativity in this years parade of homesparade of homesthis year, we are proud to showcase 13 different homes in the fall parade. our parade show homes provide you with a wide variety of home design choices as well as the finest examples of craftsmanship and creativity. as you visit our parade of homes show homes, we encourage you to dream with us.
hours:
monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday 5-8 | saturday and sunday 1-5pm
grande pointe meadows: tuesday and thursday 5-8pm saturday and sunday 1-5pmhere at randall homes, we want you to relax and enjoy your new home.our service commitmentlatest news & trendsnewsrandall holiday hourslearn morenewsjust as people recognize a great golf course – in this case, falcon lake golf course.learn morenewsnewest condo project on morning star lane in sage creeklearn moreyour home, your dream. our quality & promise since 1983.talk to an agent




family-owned and building trust since 1983, your randall home will be built with the finest craftsmanship and attention to detail.
204.253.1548
info@randallhomes.netmulti-familyside by sideback lane homescondoscommunitiesmove-in readyparade of homesbrowse homesserviceservice commitmentservice requestprivacy policycompanydesign studiocor certifiedtalk us up programcanadian armed forces and first responders incentivemodern slavery annual reporthours of operation:mon - fri: 8:30am - 5:00pmcontact us© 2025 randall homes. all rights reserved.

searchsubmitclearhomeabout← backwho we aredesign studiocor certifiedtalk us up programcanadian armed forces and first responders incentiveparade of homesmove-in readycommunities← backbrowse homesbison runbonavistacantebury crossingdevonshire parkgrande pointe meadowshighland pointemeadowlandsparkview pointeprairie pointeridgewood westsage creekmulti-family← backside by sideback lane homescondosservice← backservice commitmentservice requestnews & trendscontact usrandall homesfamily-owned and building trust since 1983, your randall home will be built with the finest craftsmanship and attention to detail.
204.253.1548
info@randallhomes.netavanti custom homes
 
 















