
  
sperry public schools











quick linksskip to main contentskip to navigation


sperry public schools is now accepting applications for the following support positions: teacher's aide, and bus drivers.  go to the employment section under the district information tab for more information.

 sperry public schools logo
main navigationfront page linkenrollment go to enrollment...enrollment - enrollment forms

district information go to district information...district information - about usdistrict information - go to about us...district information - about us - meet the superintendentdistrict information - about us - the vision, mission, and values of sperry public schools
district information - child nutrition
district information - district committees and scheduled meetingsdistrict information - go to district committees and scheduled meetings...district information - district committees and scheduled meetings - curriculum advisory committeedistrict information - district committees and scheduled meetings - district wellness committee
district information - employmentdistrict information - go to employment...district information - employment - application for employment formsdistrict information - employment - applications now being accepted
district information - financial statement
district information - public notices
district information - transportationdistrict information - go to transportation...district information - transportation - bus routesdistrict information - transportation - sperry bus rider formdistrict information - transportation - sperry public school district mapdistrict information - transportation - student transportation rules

sperry board of education go to sperry board of education...sperry board of education - 2024-2025 sperry board of education meeting informationsperry board of education - go to 2024-2025 sperry board of education meeting information...sperry board of education - 2024-2025 sperry board of education meeting information - 2024-2025 sperry board of education meeting schedulesperry board of education - 2024-2025 sperry board of education meeting information - 2024-2025 sperry board of education meeting agendas and supporting documents
sperry board of education - sperry school board members
sperry board of education - sperry school board policy book and recent revisionssperry board of education - go to sperry school board policy book and recent revisions...sperry board of education - sperry school board policy book and recent revisions - sperry public school board policy booksperry board of education - sperry school board policy book and recent revisions - sperry school board policy recent revisions and updates

activities go to activities...activities - athleticsactivities - go to athletics...activities - athletics - softball schedulesactivities - athletics - volleyball scheduleactivities - athletics - football schedulesactivities - athletics - cross country (fall)activities - athletics - basketball schedulesactivities - athletics - wrestling schedulesactivities - athletics - baseball schedulesactivities - athletics - track (spring)activities - athletics - tennis scheduleactivities - athletics - golf schedule
activities - band
activities - shotgun sports team
activities - special olympics

elementary school go to elementary school...elementary school - elementary school teachers
elementary school - taylor, traci

middle school go to middle school...middle school - middle school teachersmiddle school - go to middle school teachers...middle school - middle school teachers - anderson, melodymiddle school - middle school teachers - brown, melissamiddle school - middle school teachers - danell hobsonmiddle school - middle school teachers - daugherty, lauramiddle school - middle school teachers - edgar, johnmiddle school - middle school teachers - emery, laurenmiddle school - middle school teachers - kester, chiaramiddle school - middle school teachers - sayre, nataliemiddle school - middle school teachers - tillman, bradmiddle school - middle school teachers - west, makayla
middle school - juby, mike

high school go to high school...high school - high school teachershigh school - go to high school teachers...high school - high school teachers - barnett, jackiehigh school - high school teachers - bryant, elizabethhigh school - high school teachers - kennedy, kenihigh school - high school teachers - king, johnhigh school - high school teachers - landsaw, dannyhigh school - high school teachers - orcutt, mikehigh school - high school teachers - wolf, amyhigh school - high school teachers - wolf, denton

parent resources go to parent resources...parent resources - additional services: indian education--title vi and moreparent resources - go to additional services: indian education--title vi and more...parent resources - additional services: indian education--title vi and more - opportunities and resources throughout the community available to native american students
parent resources - additional services: title i

recursos para hispanohablantes go to recursos para hispanohablantes...recursos para hispanohablantes - apoyo del área de tulsa para adultos
recursos para hispanohablantes - enlaces web de educación
recursos para hispanohablantes - matriculación de alumnos nuevos
recursos para hispanohablantes - wida-asistencia para estudiantes que english language learners (ell) y sus familias.

resources
teacher resources go to teacher resources...teacher resources - district academic vocabularyteacher resources - go to district academic vocabulary...teacher resources - district academic vocabulary - language arts academic vocabularyteacher resources - district academic vocabulary - mathematics academic vocabularyteacher resources - district academic vocabulary - science academic vocabulary
teacher resources - district assessment blueprintsteacher resources - go to district assessment blueprints...teacher resources - district assessment blueprints - language arts assessment blueprintsteacher resources - district assessment blueprints - mathematics assessment blueprintsteacher resources - district assessment blueprints - science assessment blueprintsteacher resources - district assessment blueprints - social studies assessment blueprints
teacher resources - district pacing calendarsteacher resources - go to district pacing calendars...teacher resources - district pacing calendars - science pacing guides
teacher resources - standards of performance and conduct for teachers
teacher resources - state department of education assessment resourcesteacher resources - go to state department of education assessment resources...teacher resources - state department of education assessment resources - language arts occt/eoi assessment resourcesteacher resources - state department of education assessment resources - mathematics occt/eoi assessment resourcesteacher resources - state department of education assessment resources - science occt/eoi assessment resourcesteacher resources - state department of education assessment resources - social studies occt/eoi assessment resources
teacher resources - teaching english language learners

staff directory
 calendar
archives



sperry school will be closed tuesday, february 18, due to weather concerns. the parent teacher conferences scheduled for thursday, february 20 have been rescheduled for tuesday, february 25.

 top storiessperry online lunch payment system is back      access to sperry public school’s online lunch payments system was down from february 6, 2025 thru february 13, 2025.  if you tried to make a lunch payment between these dates, you would have received an error message.  our vendors have corrected the issue and now your online payments will process.      

      click  here  for portal access if you already have a parent portal account and would like to make a . . . read moresperry schedules enrollment for pre-kindergarten and kindergarten for the 2025-2026 school year       pre-k & kindergarten enrollment        

    sperry public schools will have pre-kindergarten & kindergarten enrollment on friday, april 4, 2025, from 9 am to 2 pm in the auditorium located behind the administration office.      

   

    2025-2026 school year enrollment packets are not available to print.  you must come in person to receive the correct enrollment packet.    

   . . . read moresperry site teachers of the year    sperry announces 2024-2025 site teachers of the year    

   

   sperry teachers at each site recently chose one of their peers who they believe represent the ideals and qualities that embody effective teaching in the 21 st  century. the elementary, consisting of grades pre-kindergarten through 5 th  grade; middle school, consisting of 6 th  grade through 8 th  grade; and high school, consisting of 9 th  grade through 12 th . . . read moreknow before you go: 2024-2025 spectator guidelines for athletic events        sperry public school’s         

        2024-2025         

        athletic safety protocols/spectator guidelines         

           

     sperry public school is committed to maintaining a secure environment to ensure the safety of students, visitors, and staff.  more specifically, we will have security personnel, school administrators, and multiple staff members at varsity football games, and the . . . read moresperry safe return and continuity of services plan is now available for public comments  sperry public schools has completed our  safe return and continuity of services plan  for the 2023-2024 school year.    

   

  this plan is an update of the  safe return and continuity of services plan  developed and published for the 2023-20234 school year and the 2024-2025 school year.  the  safe return and continuity of services plan  is a guide for parents, students, and district staff to help mitigate the impact . . . read more
search buttonsearch:






21° fsperry





current conditions as of 18 feb 06:53 am cstlight snow


location:
sperry
feels like:
7°
humidity:
78
wind:
n 15 mph






21°




today
a chance of freezing rain before 8am, then a chance of snow and freezing rain between 8am and 9am, then snow after 9am. the snow could be heavy at times.  patchy blowing snow after 9am. temperature falling to around 12 by 4pm. wind chill values between -6 and 4. north wind 15 to 20 mph, with gusts as high as 30 mph.  chance of precipitation is 100%. total daytime ice accumulation of less than a 0.1 of an inch possible.  total daytime snow accumulation of 3 to 7 inches possible. 






tonight
snow, mainly before 9pm. the snow could be heavy at times.  low around 2. wind chill values between -5 and -14. north wind around 15 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph.  chance of precipitation is 80%. new snow accumulation of 1 to 3 inches possible. 






wednesday
partly sunny and cold, with a high near 14. wind chill values between -3 and -13. north wind 10 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. 



weather forecast provided by weather.gov.





quicklinks panel 2024-2025 revised district calendar (revised 2-13-2025) 2025-2026 district instructional calendar sperry school store sperry schools parent portal help for homeless families and unaccompanied youths parent link to student state test data (state dept of education website) teacher webmail state department of education teacher gradebook log-in meningococcus information to protect you, your child, and the community type 1 diabetes information applications now being accepted lunch menus for sperry schoolscalendar panelsponsors panel headlines panelpoll panel
sign up for our newsletter
sperry public schools400 west main streetsperry, ok  74073p. 918.288.7213f. 918.288.7067
© 2025 sperry public schoolsaccessibilityprivacy pledgemobilenon-discriminationthis institution is an equal opportunity provider.



there will be no classes on monday, february 17, 2025 for teacher professional development.  parent-teacher conferences will be held on tuesday, february 25, and thursday, february 27 from 4:00 pm to 7:00 pm.

 ×sign up for our newslettersubscribe or unsubscribe from sperry public schools news and alerts. subscribe unsubscribeemail list optionsemail address:news updateif you have any questions, please contact jtaylor@sperry.k12.ok.usyour name, phone number and email address are kept private and are for the sole use of the sperry public schools site. for full details, see our privacy and security policy.subscribecancel


