









ct and southern new england web design and asp programming













  



























 





      site design,
              intranets,
              extranets, and web
              applications.


put your summer interns to work!  find
                  out how we can help.











i want a web site that  attracts
              customers,  sells stuff and makes
              my life easier, is that too much to ask?








     



     
this is the type of site we create every
              day for companies throughout southern new england.  public
              image limited merges the talents of information technology
              professionals, marketing specialists and graphic designers to:
                   







analyze your customers, competition and market forces.

determine the optimum information architecture for your
                  site.

create interactive, data-driven pages using active server
                  pages and other dynamic web technologies to front-end sql
                  compliant database servers.

create a custom visual identity for your company's web
                  presence.

streamline your business processes and take cost out
                  by leveraging the power of your intranet.

improve your customer relations and increase repeat sales
                  with an extranet.

services: 
              what we do.
              skills:  how we do, that voodoo, that we do; so well.
portfolio:  examples of the
              aforementioned voodoo.
              contact:  contact us.
              clients:  for existing clients.
              employment:  if you can't figure this one out, don't
              bother.
 
            





  












home | services |
               skills |  portfolio |
              
              clients |  contact |  employment














public
              image limited | 25 hanover farms rd | bolton ct, 06043 | 860-533-9369
              | fax: 860-533-2357
copyright
      2003 public image limited, llc | webmaster@publicimagelimited.com

copyright 2000 public image limited, llc | webmaster@publicimagelimited.com





