

brother of yeshua/jesus - jacob's ladder



















the
      death of america

and
      the

constitution




you
      have reached the web site of yeshua/jesus' brother


though
      many of you call me james, my real name is jacob


jacob's
      ladder

the
      laws that will end freedom

a
      prophetic warning 

by
      the brother of yeshua/jesus 




















brother
of yeshua - light of yeshua

http://www.brotherofyeshua.com

alt.
address: http://www.lightofyeshua.com



the american crisis!
 

once again it can be said that
these are the times that try men's souls!   
yet, in the modern-day american crisis, there are no men of enlightenment who 
possess the knowledge of the laws to guide the people through the trials of an 
attack from within.   and those who call themselves deists, are little 
more than atheists promoting themselves as men of higher reason and knowledge.   
and thus, while they portray themselves as deists, they totally lack the 
necessary wisdom and knowledge to restore the nation to its original path and 
destiny.    

in the same way that the gentile christians turned 
upon their original ebionite nazirene roots when they entered into a covenant 
with pagan rome, the american people turned upon and rejected their deist roots 
with the great influx of faith-based european believers.   and in the 
same way that the gentile church very quickly succumbed to the political power 
of the emperors -- permitting the whole foundation of the church to be radically 
corrupted and undermined --  the american people have permitted themselves 
to be seduced by secular progressives who are working to destroy the very 
constitutional fabric that invoked the laws that created a field of dreams of 
american supremacy in all things.   thus, it was the conscious 
invocation of the laws which brought forth an environment where mankind could 
begin to aspire to his true potential which was totally suppressed by the 
alliance of despotic church and state that inhibited mankind in all things.  

the
vast majority of americans are a foolish people -- throwing away the most 
valuable god-given freedoms and liberties known to mankind.  
while it is true that the plight of all of 
mankind is portrayed in the parable of the prodigal son -- and that all men are 
equally the offspring of god -- and therefore, are are all created equal -- the 
most important lesson that man must now learn is that, 
equal does not mean that they are all the same.   in order to understand why the 
framers of our constitutional form of government possessed a higher wisdom and 
knowledge than our modern day intellectuals and philosophers, you would have to 
first understand what they accomplished in the previous lives that their souls 
had lived.   or, in the words of the pre-nicene church father origen: 
“every soul... comes into this world 
strengthened by the victories or weakened by the defeats of its previous life” 
(origen, de principiis).    and the few who truly understand who those 
individuals were who entered into this life as a group in 18th century -- and 
who came together on the american continent to create a field of dreams 
environment of limited government that had the potential to raise up and alter the 
course of man's lives upon the face of the earth, remains totally unrealized 
among the majority of mankind who often choose to live in subjection to the 
forces of ignorance and despair.    the harsh and often cruel reality of man's 
suffering is presented in an article by walter e. williams entitled
america's move toward 
tyranny where he wrote: "supreme court justice 
louis brandeis warned, 'the greatest dangers to liberty lurk in the insidious 
encroachment by men of zeal, well meaning but without understanding.' the 
freedom of individuals from compulsion or coercion never was, and is not now, 
the normal state of human affairs. the normal state 
for the ordinary person is tyranny, arbitrary control and abuse mainly by their 
own government."    
in failing to understand these 
simple words expressed by walter williams, the american people are not only in 
the process of destroying the very field of dreams environment that should have been their 
birth-right, but they are well on their way to restoring the normal human 
condition of "...tyranny, arbitrary control and abuse 
mainly by their own government."   in the words of gerald ford:
"a government big enough to give you everything you 
want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have" 
(presidential address to a joint session of congress, 12 august 1974).   and 
those who understand human nature, are cognizant of the fact that this is always 
the case -- i.e., "those who forget history are doomed 
to repeat it".    why?   "power tends to 
corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. 
great men are almost always bad men, even when they exercise influence and not 
authority: still more when you superadd the tendency or certainty of corruption 
by full authority. there is no worse heresy than the fact that the office 
sanctifies the holder of it" (see
john 
dalberg).   in the words of benjamin franklyn:
"those who would give up essential liberty to purchase 
a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety."   in permitting government to overstep its constitutional 
boundaries, the american people have deprived themselves of their birthright 
that was the very objectives of the historical man jesus, and foundationally 
established by the framers of our constitution in their proclamation to the 
world that men possess unalienable god-given rights -- and the primary objective 
of government is to affirm, support and protect these rights that are inscribed 
in the very core spiritual dna of creation.    a field of dreams environment 
that had the potential to enable man to arise to his highest expression as the 
offspring of god. 





the face of deception!


where have all the deists 
gone?



the profound commonality


of

christian and american 
ignorance
 
 

unbeknown to the majority of christians, the original 
teachings known as theway which came to be associated with the historical man 
jesus was a purely spiritual mystical path that enabled the lost prodigal sons 
to return to mankind's heavenly father -- and while the core teachings were 
faithfully preserved among the ebionite nazirene disciples of jesus, these 
teachings very quickly became paganized among the gentiles.   and as 
the church became ever more spiritually compromised, it eventually became 
worldly enough to be totally co-opted and consumed by pagan rome.   
the meaning of the word co-opted is defined as: 
co-optation may also refer to the tactic of neutralizing or winning over a 
minority by assimilating them into the established group or culture 
(see wikipedia).    
in much the same way, the same group of core souls that set the stage for the 
teachings of theway to become manifest among the ebionite nazirenes, re-entered 
the earth in the 18th century to create an environment where mankind could excel 
to his utmost potential.   and in the same way that the original 
teachings of jesus and theway became compromised and corrupted by the gentiles 
-- to the degree where the original ebionite nazirenes were turned upon as 
heretics by pagan christianity -- the original framers of our constitutional 
form of government were deists -- and as the pagan christians co-opted and 
consumed the original foundational constitutional concepts and framework, the 
corruption that ensued has now opened the door enough to be co-opted by secular 
progressives who are marxist-socialistic in their thinking.   and 
thus, history has in many ways repeated itself -- i.e., 
"he who does not remember history is condemned to repeat it" 
(georges santayana).    

once pagan rome co-opted the church, the secularized 
religion that was born threw mankind into what came to be known as the dark ages 
-- where superstition and ignorance reigned supreme.     the 
church itself became the tool for despotic rule over the people.   it 
wasn't that the empire was converted to the religion of jesus -- but rather, the 
teachings of jesus and theway came to be converted and consumed by roman 
paganism (see the church of the 
antichrist).   in the same way, while the bedrock of our 
constitution was drawn from the wisdom of the deists, as the nation became 
christian and slowly became corrupted by secular progressives, the environment 
that was intended to enable mankind to arise to his highest potential, very 
quickly became compromised and negated.   and in the same way that the 
pagan takeover invoked the dynamic laws of creation which rendered the church 
spiritually impotent -- ushering in despotic rule and the dark ages -- the laws 
which brought forth the united states is in the process of turning upon the 
american people in ways that they are simply not prepared to endure.  


 
the laws of nature and nature's god: 
unbeknown to the vast majority of mankind, everything is moved in this life by 
law -- i.e., the laws of creation which have been portrayed as the laws of 
nature and nature's god, is the guiding force that directs the footsteps of 
mankind.   in can be said that the deists were gnostics who emerged 
out of the age of reason, because they endeavored to seek knowledge and 
understanding of the laws that control all organic life in this world.   the gospel account has jesus stating that not even a 
sparrow can fall to the earth apart from the laws of god.  and this is true 
not only of the planets that are maintained in their orbits around the sun by 
cosmic laws that sustain all of life as we know it, but also the comings and 
goings of mankind as he walks upon the face of the earth.   more than 
anything else, the deists understood the laws -- and this knowledge of the laws 
as embodied in the words: "a man's heart plans his way, 
but the lord directs his steps" (prov 16:9 nkjv), enabled them to 
create an environment where man could attain to his true potential.  


while the inner core of our constitutional framers 
were enlightened men who understood the laws, the great number of christians who 
soon flooded into the united states were faith-based -- but their faith was not 
in the god and kingdom that jesus revealed to mankind -- but rather, the god of 
pagan rome.    and because of the overwhelming number of people 
who began to migrate to the new world were 
the product of manmade dogma which was forced upon christianity by the roman 
emperors who ruled over the church, the wisdom of the deists was very quickly 
forgotten, by congregations of faith-based believers 
who dwelt under a vow of self-imposed ignorance.   and when the 
question is posed: how can i say this?   the bible itself rejects 
the tenets of belief that are promoted by the church (see
the lie).   
and the 
very fact that the church continues to promote what is openly condemned by the 
gospel authors, has exiled the christian world in a spiritual diaspora (see
diaspora).    
which means that when the original deist influences were washed away by the 
flood of believers who promoted a counterfeit doctrine (see
the lie), and put 
their total faith in the roman dogma, then in the same way that the pagan gentiles 
has turned upon the core spiritual teachings of jesus and theway (see
an inconvenient truth), 
the great flood of compromised faith-based believers totally diluted the 
foundation of law that was instrumental in the inauguration of the constitution 
and the united states.    


  


 

 
 


 


 





 


table 
						of contents




hyperlinks to 
						deism subjects




 







deism and the 
								first amendment










								counterfeit secularized religion - the ignorance 
								of modern deists







deism - 
								the laws - and the two creation accounts in 
								genesis







the 
								allegorical fall of man







the 
								spiritual sabbath that man does not understand







the law 
								received from angels - the two creation accounts








the 
								holographic pattern of the twelve within the one








deists and 
								the homogenization factor








the 
								foundational laws of the united states







segregated 
								harmonic interaction 



 

 







 

 

^ 
	

deism and the first amendment:  while 
	the deists were responsible for laying the constitutional foundation that 
	americans today have inherited, these same americans neither understand the 
	deists, nor do they understand the full potential that the constitution has 
	the inherent power to bring about in the lives of mankind.    and from both 
	secular and religious perspective, this ignorance with respect to the deists 
	is the most dangerous force in the world today.   why?   because many of the 
	core deists not only possessed a comprehension of the laws which control all 
	aspects of the life that all people live -- but just as important is the 
	fact that some of the deists possessed the body of esoteric knowledge that 
	the church threw away when it entered into a covenant relationship with 
	pagan rome.   an abiding reality is that all of creation and life is built 
	upon a foundation of immutable laws -- and success is often the result of 
	man's endeavor to build upon this foundation of laws a structure which 
	ensures his success.   while the law of gravity is an example of an 
	immutable law which not only holds man to the surface of the earth -- but 
	also is part of the equation that holds the earth in a rotation around the 
	sun -- by understanding the law of gravity, man can devise various means to 
	escape its limitations.   moreover, in the case of space travel, man can 
	harness the very force of gravity as a means of propulsion.   in much the 
	same way, by understanding the higher laws which control all movements and 
	realities of this world, the deists possessed the knowledge to not only 
	overcome the limitations of these laws -- but to utilize the force of the 
	laws to bring about their own enlightenment.   
in 
	the same way that the law of gravity affects every movement upon the face of 
	the earth and beyond, 
what the deists portrayed as the laws of nature 
	and nature's god, intimately orchestrates all of man's successes and 
	failures.   if you jump up to escape the earth's gravity, as your body 
	becomes airborne it will initially appear that you have achieved success.   
	that is until your momentum is arrested by the force of gravity working upon 
	you, and you find your efforts negated.   what is true of gravity is also 
	true of all the laws -- but in order to bring about the necessary learning 
	experiences through which mankind evolves, the results of man's efforts in 
	conjunction with the laws are not as immediate as with the case of 
	gravity.    once understood, mostly all of man's efforts are initially 
	supported by the laws -- much like the initial success of jumping up and 
	using one's natural strength to have both of one's feet off the ground.   
	and while the force of gravity will very quickly cause us to become subject 
	to the laws and lose upward momentum before we fall back to the earth, 
	other laws are designed to respond back to us in a more gradual cycle.   and 
	this is necessary in order for our efforts to evolve and the opportunity for 
	the initial movement to be built upon and compounded, in order to bring 
	about our greater learning experience.     all movements of man not only 
	initiate the laws -- but are subject to the trials of the laws as the 
	movement or endeavor which man initially invokes, evolves through the steps 
	that are at first supported by the laws, and then subject to the sustaining 
	tests which are brought into being when the laws were initially invoked.    
	the laws, therefore, are imbued with a natural resistance to man's movements 
	and endeavors, in order to test the validity of his movements.     the laws 
	are designed to test for wholeness and completion -- and if a movement, 
	effort or endeavor of man lacks wholeness, the laws are designed to turn 
	man's efforts back upon themselves, in the form of a cosmic bio-feedback 
	machine that enables man to learn from his mistakes and misplaced efforts.   
	and it is this bio-feedback essence of the laws, that insures that failure 
	of half-hearted or incomplete efforts.    wise men who were often enlightened 
	to the all-encompassing structure of mathematics -- i.e., pythagoras, gurdjieff and others -- foresaw the atomic reality that is only now 
	unfolding in the discoveries of quantum physics.   wise men who understood 
	the esoteric reality of the laws, have long pointed to the example of the 
	law of octaves which systematically permits the building up of an initial 
	effort, and then tests it to either divert it back upon itself, or permit it 
	to move onto the next sequence (see
	the 
	law of octaves).    

	wise men have long understood that what is holographically true with respect 
	to the unfolding of the sequence of the steps that form an octave in music, 
	is in like manner holographically true of all the organic laws of 
	creation.   which means that an initial movement in the first sequence is 
	automatically checked in the reflection of the second sequence -- and is 
	tested in the third-force sequence which is the fruit of the first and 
	second sequences -- resulting in either a twisting of the sequences in a 
	manner that man's organic senses do not immediately sense and recognize, or 
	the opening of a new door/gate that is beyond the perception of organic man 
	whose efforts remain earth-bound in the turning of the sequences.   in fact, 
	the senses of man are imbued with a natural progression that is endemic to 
	his being, that is ultimately responsible for his success or failure in any 
	endeavor.   the expanse of time -- or even the unfoldment of the movement, 
	is all built into the natural progression of the laws.   thus, the time-span 
	between the initial movement and the reflective second sequence which is the 
	initial feed-back of the laws, is greatly dependent upon the complexity and 
	proportions of the first cause of the or initial movement of the 
	sequence.    and this natural progression evolves in the third-force which 
	is the fruit of the two initial sequences.   and wise men who understand the 
	laws, comprehend that it is at this point where the natural progression is 
	tested and either turned back upon itself in the manner of a person who has 
	arisen to the highest point in his attempt to jump and defy gravity -- or, 
	if the organic twisting of the progression of the sequences are overcome, to 
	move onward beyond natural organic physical limitations.   
in 
	the case of examination by reason, human reasoning must itself contain a 
	large degree of fullness, in order to begin to open the door/gate that gives 
	birth to the facilities of higher reasoning that is beyond organic 
	limitations.   for the reasons outlined in the article
	an inconvenient truth, 
	the apostle peter portrays the initial tests of human reasoning as the tests 
	presented in what he portrays the scriptures as the
	mystery 
	of the books with the power to deceive.    if you vision of either the 
	scriptures, or any aspect of life itself, is immature and lacks depth of 
	understanding, then you will fail the tests that are written into the text 
	of the scriptures as a test -- as are the inconsistencies that you encounter 
	in all of life.   and thus, peter states that 
"...let not any one of you, therefore, altogether 
	complain of simon, or of any one else; for nothing happens unjustly, since 
	even the falsehoods of scripture are with good reason presented for a test.”     
	what is the reason for the test?   in the same way that for our own good, 
	such things as the law of gravity checks our attempt to become free of the 
	influence of the earth -- the laws which bring about the natural progression 
	of our movements, are themselves imbued with the innate bio-feedback 
	qualities to test and check these same movements for wholeness and fullness 
	-- because it is impossible for what is incomplete to succeed beyond a 
	certain step or progression in the sequence of actions.    in the same way 
	that an embryo that is not correctly balanced across the spectrum of 
	male/female chromosomes is in most cases self-aborted and miscarried, so too 
	is all the efforts of man checked by the very laws that initiated the 
	natural sequences of progression, imbued with the power to return the 
	movement to its initial sequence in accord with the results of the testing 
	at the third to fourth sequence of progression.       
by 
	virtue of the self-initiating testing of the laws, without 
	an understanding of the what the deists portrayed as the laws of nature and 
	nature's god, all governments are doomed to failure -- all religions are 
	spiritually flat-lined -- all philosophies are proven to be spurious -- all 
	seekers will search in vein -- and all efforts of men and women everywhere 
	will remain shallow at best.   and while this knowledge of the laws can be 
	portrayed as our divine birthright to possess, throughout history only small 
	groups of wise men and women have possessed this knowledge, and have used it 
	for the benefit of both themselves, and other wise men and women who desired 
	the fruit of the tree of life that bestows upon the eater thereof, the 
	secretes to unlocking the potential to every aspect of life.    to be 
	ignorant of the laws that the deists and other groups throughout history 
	have understood and utilized in the proper way, is to invite absolute 
	failure into one's efforts throughout every aspect of life.  
	

	deism arose out of what was called the age of enlightenment -- also know as 
	the age of reason -- and is portrayed in the words: 
"to understand the natural world and humankind's place in it solely on 
	the basis of reason and without turning to religious belief was the goal of 
	the wide-ranging intellectual movement called the enlightenment. the 
	movement claimed the allegiance of a majority of thinkers during the 17th 
	and 18th centuries, a period that thomas paine called the age of reason. at 
	its heart it became a conflict between religion and the inquiring mind that 
	wanted to know and understand through reason based on evidence and proof" 
	(see international world history project 
	-- subheading 
	the age of enlightenment).   and what is not at all understood is the 
	fact that in essence, the summation that the age of enlightenment was 
	representative of "...a conflict between religion 
	and the inquiring mind" -- but rather, a continuation of the 
	enduring struggle and perpetual conflict that is presented in the article
	an inconvenient truth.   
	

 
counterfeit secularized religion: the 
	proverbial question is this: 
	is what we call religion today, truly the expression of genuine religion?   or is 
	what most people call religion more factually secular-religious philosophy 
	that not only inhibits the seeker from finding the truth, but being cloaked 
	in quasi-spiritual garb, is mistaken for genuine spiritual religion?  
	and when atheists and non-believers proclaim that there is no need for 
	religion, that is an opinion based upon both irrationality and profound 
	ignorance.    upon what basis of fact does the atheist 
	substantiate his opinion that god does not exist, and all religion is 
	worthless?   if it is true that the atheist has no first-hand 
	knowledge of the true objectives of genuine spiritual religion -- and has 
	only had very limited exposure to manmade institutional secularized-religion 
	which is counterfeit -- then there is virtually nothing rational or 
	knowledgeable in the thinking of atheism.    

	throughout man's history the outward forms of religion has always been 
	dictated by the secular or quasi-secular authorities who used traditional 
	religion to control the thinking and lives of the people.    from an 
	historical perspective: if the teachings of jesus represented the truth of 
	spiritual religion, then the rejection of this truth on the part of the 
	pharisees is representative of the secularized-religion of the people.   
	contrary to popular misconceptions, in the original gospel teachings the 
	person of jesus was not god -- but rather, a man who became the anointed messiah/christ (see
	the ten words) -- and having attained 
	this power of enlightenment of mind and being, the man jesus is portrayed as having achieved 
	oneness with the indwelling logos (mind 
	of god).     that this essential truth was again rejected by the 
	secular-religion of the gentiles under the banner of the orthodox (gentile) 
	church, is merely 
	further proof that secular-religion is not the valid expression of genuine 
	religion which is totally spiritual in nature.    which means that the deists who 
	became enlightened and opposed organized religion, did so because of the 
	counterfeit structure of secular-religion in relation to genuine 
	spiritual-religion. 

	if we pose the question: is traditional religion a search for truth?  or is 
	it (1) a means to fill the coffers of the collection plate?  
	(2) fill the 
	pews in the endeavor to gain political power and advantage?  
	(3) used by 
	politicians to control the thinking and lives of the people?   in the same 
	way that jesus was condemned as a heretic by both the pharisees and the gentile church 
	which now masquarades under the banner of christianity -- and both the jews 
	and the orthodox christians equally rejected the essential spiritual teachings in favor of manmade 
	dogma -- organized religion is at best a shadow of the original teachings 
	which is represented in the reality of spiritual religion -- which is always 
	condemned as heresy by the authorities who control the thinking of the 
	people.   that those who have been on the side of truth have always been 
	hunted down and opposed as heretics, is representative of the true reality 
	of the struggles and conflicts that have arose between government controlled 
	secularized religion, and true spiritual religion that has always been 
	condemned as heresy by the masses of faith-based believers.   therefore, 
	to answer the question: is the traditional 
	religions of the people the truth?   perhaps the perfect example of the 
	folly of traditional religion is that which can only be portrayed as the 
	insanity of the christian world with respect to
	the jesus 
	test.   to knowingly edit the words which the gospel states was spoken 
	by god to mankind in order to adopt pagan beliefs, must be seen as an 
	apostasy on the part of the church even more evil than those who hammered the spikes into the hands of 
	the historical man jesus.   

	the fact that what we would portray as organic human reasoning must be free 
	to express itself, in order for higher reasoning that transcends organic human 
	limitations to be born -- and the development of higher reasoning is always one 
	of the key objectives of true religion -- only with this enlightened (age of 
	enlightenment) understanding, can we even begin to comprehend the perpetual 
	struggle at its core.   higher reason and knowledge which is often portrayed 
	as being esoteric, was always condemned as heresy by the pseudo-religions 
	common to mankind, because it always threatened the power structure of the 
	authorities -- whether these authorities were quasi-religious in their cloak 
	of appearance, or non-religious and atheist in their outer form.   in the 
	example of thomas paine in the above, while he opposed the church, he was 
	not only opposed by the king of england -- but he was prosecuted in absentia 
	and sentenced to death for opposing the power structure of england which 
	used the religious cloak in its endeavor to control the thinking of the 
	people.   therefore, it must be understood that when we attempt to define 
	the conflict between reason and religion, it is imperative to recognize that 
	traditional religion is pseudo-religion -- and quasi-religion at best.   and 
	that the real conflict is in fact an internal religious struggle between the 
	outer spurious system of counterfeit religious-facade and the 
	pseudo-authorities who use and control that facade like wolves in sheep's 
	attire, in their perpetual war with the inner core who are representative of 
	the spiritual essence of religion -- who are portrayed as heretics and 
	enemies of both church and state.       

	confining our present understanding to that of our common era, when the 
	church of the roman empire hunted down and murdered the ebionites of the 
	nazirenes of the vow of consecration and 
	the spiritual (gnostic) christians who refused to adhere to the religious 
	doctrines of the emperor, the spirit of christianity was put to death -- and 
	what was preserved was a corpse that was secular and institutional in nature -- and had 
	absolutely nothing in common with the essence of the original spiritual 
	teachings of jesus.   that to be valid, a genuine religion must be spiritual in nature -- and 
	spiritual religion is based upon a foundation of genuine knowledge and the 
	expression of reason in all things -- then we must reevaluate the statement 
	that the age of enlightenment was representative 
of "...a conflict between 
	religion and the inquiring mind" -- and instead recognize that 
	what is spurious and counterfeit always opposes what is true and genuine.
	  further, we must also recognize that 
	in order for higher reasoning to be born, what can best be portrayed as 
	organic human reasoning must be unshackled and free to express itself in its 
	avenues of inquiry.    the fact that truth is never diminished by disbelief 
	-- and reason is never negated by irrationality -- insures that higher truth 
	and reason is perpetually awaiting rediscovery whenever it is hidden under 
	the garb of man's folly, superstition and ignorance that is promoted by 
	pseudo-religion, manmade earth-bound philosophy that has no real validity, and counterfeit authority.    

in the example of christianity: when jesus warned that the vast majority of 
	mankind dwells in what he portrayed as the "outer 
	darkness" of mind and being (see
	outer darkness), 
	what is not understood is the fact that this disenfranchised condition which 
	is often portrayed as man's organic blindness to what lies beyond his 
	physical senses, is the result of man's own mindset that alienates him from 
	the source of truth within himself.   that organic man 
	remains oblivious to the presence of an inner kingdom that must be accessed 
	through the transformation of his physical body, which permits the expansion 
	of mind beyond the limitations of the earth-frequencies of thought and 
	vision, is simply a reality that the vast majority of mankind are not even 
	prepared to contemplate.   therefore, one of the primary 
	objectives of a genuine spiritual religion is to remove the cloak of 
	blindness that inhibits sincere seekers from bringing about a direct 
	encounter with higher truth and reasoning in their search for the answers to 
	life's questions.   what is important to recognize is the 
	fact that the solution to overcoming the blindness that jesus portrayed as 
	the "outer darkness" of mind and being 
	-- a reality also portrayed in the analogy of the illusions of plato's cave 
	(see plato) -- 
	was for the individual to put on what jesus presented as the necessary 
	"wedding garment" which is symbolic of a condition that 
	would prepare his body and physical consciousness to bring about this 
	encounter with higher reasoning and truth.   and it must also be noted that 
	in the original gospel teachings, those people 
	who were considered the "chosen ones", 
	received an even worse fate than the common people who had not yet put on 
	the "wedding garment".    and the fact 
	that the scriptures openly warn that the fate of the believers who are 
	complacent, is worse than that of the unbelievers (see
	http://thelie.org ) -- and when analyzed, 
	this complacency can only be portrayed as christian insanity (see
	the jesus 
	test) -- then it becomes truly difficult to even understand how the 
	congregation of believers even think.   
 
@@@

segmentation of mind: segmentation means that 
	there are divisions within a structure -- partitions that permit 
	compartmentalization -- and within each of these segments, different 
	functions are attained.   man's body is segmented into different 
	organs and systems that are necessary to support the high functioning of the 
	whole.   both man and an amoeba are individualized and one -- and 
	the differences are so vast, that the two cannot even be compared with each 
	other.   when jesus declared that the kingdom would never come 
	upon the earth in the manner that carnal men look for it (luke 17:20-21 -
	http://gateofeden.com ) -- what he was 
	saying was that the mind of man was segmented in order to serve a higher 
	purpose that was beyond his organic perception and comprehension.   
	as an example: there is a higher purpose why kindergarten is segmented from 
	the rest of the elementary school environment -- why middle school is 
	segmented and separate from elementary and high school -- and why high 
	school is segmented and separate from colleges and universities.   
	a one room school house is dysfunctional.   in like manner, the 
	vast majority of elementary students have never themselves entered through 
	the doors of a university -- and yet, their teachers often speak of 
	universities as the higher goal of elementary school developmental learning.     
	the same is true of government -- i.e., congress is segmented into the house 
	of representatives and the senate.   the executive branch of 
	government is segmented from both the congress and judiciary.   

	when the deists made reference to the laws of nature and nature's god, they 
	were very much portraying the laws that bring about the natural segmentation 
	of mind and being that immerses all of creation within its domain.  
	
	further, that once the human condition of a natural segmentation of mind and being is understood as the  
	result of the laws that jesus made note of when he taught that the kingdom 
	is within each individual -- and which the deists often referred to as 
	encompassing all of creation -- it is man's own disenfranchised condition of mind brought 
	about by his ignorance of these laws  that not only alienates him from the 
	source of truth -- but maintains the great barrier to his perception of 
	truth and reason which the biblical author's warned was beyond man's organic 
	mindset (see 
	mystery).   when jesus portrayed the pharisees as blind 
	guides, it was because they were blind to the reality of the inner kingdom 
	that they believed would come upon the earth.   in like manner, 
	when the deists who understood the laws, stated that this world was 
	functioning on a type of auto-pilot which was controlled by the laws (of 
	god) to bring about a certain and necessary reality in the life of 
	individual man, it was similar to saying that an elementary school is not 
	only segmented from the rest of the system of education -- but has its own 
	rules and guidelines (laws) which are intended to maintain the objectives of 
	the elementary school and serve the purpose of that lower aspect of 
	education -- a level of instruction and education that is absolutely 
	necessary in order to advance into the next levels of instruction.    
	and one of the major differences between the educational systems of mankind 
	and the system of educational development that serves the higher purpose of 
	this world, is seen in the fact that there are no social-advancements 
	between grade levels.   in this world, the laws are very much the 
	testing agents that serve a higher purpose -- and if you fail the testing of 
	the laws, then there can be no advancement beyond the levels of 
	segmentation.   moreover, there are no exemptions -- i.e., when 
	carolyn kennedy attempted to run for the office of senator of new york, she 
	did so on the basis that her father had been president, her uncle was a 
	senator, and she came from a very political family.   yet, in the 
	reality of the laws of this world, being rich and politically influential is 
	in fact a detriment to real advancement.    what was 
	portrayed as the laws of nature and nature's god, requires what jesus stated 
	was wholeness and completeness -- and without the necessary wholeness, 
	little to no advancement can be achieved -- i.e., 
	"and jesus answering said unto them, they that are whole need not a 
	physician; but they that are sick.  i came not to call the righteous, 
	but sinners to repentance" (luke 5:31-32 kjv).    
	while the christian world is in denial with respect to the meaning of these 
	words, what they state is that those who are able to achieve what jesus 
	portrayed as "wholeness", were not in 
	need of jesus the physician -- because having fulfilled the laws within 
	themselves, they had already achieved the necessary 
	"righteousness" that is required.   

	seekers in our modern day have been deprived of truly understanding the 
	purpose and objectives of the gospel, because of the politics of the church 
	leaders and the intervention of government secular authorities as to what 
	christians were permitted to believe.    in the original 
	gospels it is easily proven that the historical man jesus became the 
	anointed (messiah/christ) by fulfilling the law which enabled his 
	advancement -- i.e., the original words spoken at his baptism in the jordan 
	was   (see the 
	ten words).   and the original explanation for how jesus 
	achieved this state of spiritual enlightenment and anointing of mind, was 
	presented in the words that jesus 
"...was justified by fulfilling the law. he was the 
	christ of god, since not one of the rest of mankind had observed the law 
	completely. had any one else fulfilled the commandments of the law, he would 
	have been the christ, for they assert that our 
	lord himself was a man in like sense with all humanity" (see 
	hippolytus, refut. omn. haer. vii. 34).    
	and it is these same laws that segment the mind of man -- thereby, limiting 
	his perception and understanding to the elementary realities of this world 
	-- inducing a blindness to anything beyond these organic limitations of the 
	physical.   

             

	in the same way that a great mountain range creates a 
	barrier between a lowland and what exists on the other side of the peaks, 
	there exists a natural organic barrier that is both created, and maintained 
	by the natural laws -- and this barrier exists within the mind of man that 
	insulates him from what lies beyond.   again, from a christian perspective, 
	this esoteric knowledge of the laws was taught to the disciples by jesus -- 
	and it was this body of esoteric knowledge that permitted them to escape and 
	move beyond the organic barrier within their own mind and being -- enabling 
	them to enter the inner kingdom and learn all truths from the source.    
	that this body of esoteric knowledge was lost by the church -- and became 
	outlawed as heresy by the pseudo-authorities of the church -- only means 
	that the church by virtue of its adoption of pagan roman doctrines of 
	belief, disenfranchised those who adopted and embraced the system of 
	pseudo-religious beliefs.    in contradistinction, those who released 
	themselves from the shackles of manmade church dogma, and pursued a search 
	from truth, were able to meet with varying degrees of success because the 
	source of truth remains within them beyond the natural barrier maintained by 
	the laws (of nature and nature's god).   that the acquisition and access to 
	higher reasoning, is therefore born from the enlightened exercise of human 
	reasoning that enables a person to reject the superstition and manmade dogma 
	of the church in their search for truth, represents an integral element of 
	the true spiritual religious path of true enlightenment.    therefore, the 
	deists who emerged out of the age of enlightenment, applied the god-given 
	gift of reason and knowledge of the laws of nature and nature's god, to 
	reject the dogmatic folly of traditional institutionalized religion which 
	was manmade and maintained under secular control, as a spring-board to tap 
	into the source of higher reasoning that resided on the other side of the 
	natural barrier within their own mind and being -- as is the case with all 
	of mankind.    therefore, those who we call deists today were very much the 
	seekers of the esoteric knowledge that was possessed by the original 
	disciples of jesus -- and thus, they were truly gnostic (experiential 
	spiritual knowledge).   

	in many respects, after the people broke free of the folly of the church of 
	rome, it can be realized that deism grew out of the absolute irrationality 
	and insanity that was promoted by the leaders of the reformation, calvin and 
	luther -- i.e., deism stood in opposition to luther's folly which was a 
	total rejection of rational thought as seen in luther's declaration 



“reason 
	is the greatest enemy that faith has; it never comes to the aid of spiritual 
	things, but - more frequently than not - struggles against the divine word, 
	treating with contempt all that emanates from god” (quoted in: 
	the great thoughts; compiled by george seldes).    
	deists understood the laws of nature and nature's god, because they received 
	this esoteric knowledge directly from the source -- which is in fact the 
	same true objective as traditional religion which modern people associated 
	with deism portray as "revealed religion".    
	while this body of esoteric knowledge was always available to all of 
	mankind, they perpetually alienated themselves from the source of knowledge 
	because they subjected their thinking to the doctrines and dogma of men.   
	further, in not understanding the application of the
	key of knowledge, even the modern 
	neo-deists are as ignorant of the true meaning of the scriptures as is the 
	faith-based religions which they often oppose.    

	those who understood the laws, and had themselves began to embrace and tap 
	into the higher reasoning and knowledge of the source, 
understood that the true purpose of the 
	constitutional form of government in the united states was to create the 
	necessary environment that would enable man to achieve his true potential of 
	enlightenment.   the manmade doctrines and pseudo-knowledge of the church, 
	stood in direct opposition to man's process of advancement and 
	enlightenment.   but, in the same way that the american people have not even 
	begun to bring about the full potential which the constitution was 
	envisioned to manifest, neither has the church envisioned the true potential 
	or meaning of the very bibles which they champion and promote.   and in this 
	respect, both our constitutional form of government and the gospels have 
	been drawn from the same source -- in order to open the door to the same 
	objectives -- and because the people have failed to seize the opportunity 
	that both our constitutional form of government and the gospels have 
	presented, mankind remains under a cloud of self-imposed ignorance.    @@@

	while it is true that the american people do not at all understand the deist 
	foundation of the constitution, perhaps even more objectionable is the fact 
	that a segment of modern atheists has begun to promote themselves as deists 
	on the basis of the deist opposition to organized religion.   the problem is 
	seen in the fact that the deists were not at all atheists -- and their very 
	enlightened understanding of the laws which are embodied in the words:
	"...the separate and equal station to which the 
	laws of nature and of nature's god entitle them...", are 
	representative of a mind enlightened by creator-god.   what the atheists 
	fail to understand is the fact that it is the expansion of reason beyond 
	organic carnal limitations that is responsible for the position of deism as 
	presented in the words: "deism 
	...is the standpoint that
reason
and observation of the
natural world,
	without the need for organized religion, can determine 
	that a

	supreme being created the
universe.
	further the term often implies that this supreme being 
	does not intervene in human affairs or suspend the natural laws of the 
	universe.
	
	deists typically reject supernatural events such 
	as 
	prophecy and

	miracles, tending to assert that god (or "the 
	supreme architect") has a plan for the universe 
	that is not to be altered by intervention in the affairs of human life. 
	deists believe in the existence of god without any reliance on revealed 
	religion, religious authority or

	holy books" (see deism).  
	what the christian fails to understand is the fact that the man known as the 
	apostle paul basically stated the same exact truths that are expressed in 
	the above words which most christians condemn.   and what the quasi-atheists 
	who claims to be a deist by virtue of their opposition to organized religion 
	fails to comprehend, is the fact that to even hold such a position which the 
	deists promoted, requires a higher knowledge and reason than what can be 
	associated with normal human consciousness.   therefore, it can be set forth 
	that either the deists themselves had access to a higher revelation not 
	perceived and understood by the vast majority of mankind, or they were 
	themselves a fraud because they would have had to manufacture this doctrinal 
	position.   and if the deists were a fraud, then the atheists and secular 
	progressives are correct in their quest to abandon the constitution, and the 
	whole concept of unalienable god-given rights must be seen as spurious.   
	so, which are they?   the recipient of a higher rational thought by virtue 
	of an enlightened understanding?   an enlightened understanding that enables 
	them to perceive and comprehend what neither the atheist or theist possesses 
	the vision to understand?   or were the deists just a group of charlatans 
	who manufactured a doctrine in opposition to that held by traditional 
	western religion?   the most important concept in the above statement that 
	neither theists or atheists understand is seen in the words that the 
"...supreme being does not intervene in human affairs 
	or suspend the natural laws of the universe ...assert[ing] that god (or "the 
	supreme architect") has a plan for the universe that is not to be altered by 
	intervention in the affairs of human life."   why?   unless the 
	deist can explain the position that the divine plan of creator-god 
"...for the universe that is not to be altered by 
	intervention in the affairs of human life" -- and further explain 
	how they arrived as such a position that others do not perceive using reason 
	-- then deism itself must be considered an anti-revealed religion hoax.    
	yet, in contradistinction, i can demonstrate the validity of this deist 
	position by stating: because the will and purpose as set forth in the 
	objectives of creator-god was laid down in the beginning, and the very 
	spiritual dna of the laws (of god) are charged with the responsibility of 
	bringing this higher will, purpose and objectives about, there simply is no 
	need for "...intervention in the affairs of human 
	life".    and that god's work was perfect, means that there is no 
	reason for tweaking and intervention in the divine plan that faith-based and 
	carnal reasoning is incapable of comprehending.     

	with these facts stated, i will briefly 
	demonstrate conclusively that while deists stated that god can be revealed 
	through the use of reason, they were not speaking of either carnal reasoning 
	from an atheist perspective, or the blind-faith reasoning associated with 
	organized religion.   in the same way that there is earthly knowledge and 
	heavenly knowledge, there is earthly reasoning which is by its very nature 
	bound and limited to the things of this world, and there is a heavenly 
	reasoning and intellect to which the laws and truths of all realities are 
	presented and revealed to the mind of the spiritually mature seeker of truth 
	and the kingdom.   and that, because both atheism and organized religion 
	stifles and impedes the development of this heavenly knowledge, is the 
	reason why the deists opposed the church.   but even more important is the 
	fact that the founding documents and the constitution of the united states 
	can not only be portrayed as a gift from god -- but it is this gift that 
	laid the foundation for men of heavenly reason and heavenly knowledge to 
	emerge from the ignorance that immersed the church and europe in the dark 
	ages.    and that man is presently entering a new phase of dark ages brought 
	about by the folly of atheism and carnal reasoning -- and the church has 
	thus far failed to inhibit this new phase of dark ages from engulfing the 
	minds and lives of the people -- is the very reason why the time has come to 
	understand the deist perspective of the constitution and the
	"...laws of nature and of nature's god".

	in the same way that, because the church rejected the original vision and 
	objectives of the original authors of the gospels -- condemning these holy 
	men of enlightened vision as heretics -- the modern world knows virtually 
	nothing about either the man jesus, or the core disciples who are 
	allegorically portrayed in the gospels (see
	an inconvenient truth).   
	in like manner, because the american people know virtually nothing of any 
	substance regarding the core deists who, in spite of both the christians and 
	the elitist's who wanted to form a monarchy like the governments of europe 
	which they were accustomed to, formed the framework of our constitutional 
	government that few americans even comprehend the vision and potential of 
	this gift from god to mankind.   and i submit that in the same way that the 
	deists were privy to a higher direct revelation that surpassed the limits of 
	normal human reasoning -- and that this direct revelation of the core deists 
	was in harmony with the vision and objectives of the authors of the gospels 
	who were in like manner rejected as heretics -- the framework of the 
	constitutional government which they brought forth, was borne of this 
	enlightened vision that organic man is blind to, by virtue of his own 
	failure to properly develop his higher facilities of mind that is the shared 
	objective of the gospel authors.   and because americans are truly ignorant 
	of the knowledge of our nations forefathers, they are presently squandering 
	away a gift that would be almost impossible to restore once it is lost.  
	

	atheists and secular progressives are presently waging a war with the 
	concept of god-given unalienable rights -- and because the american people 
	have virtually no understanding of what the deists portrayed as the laws of 
	nature and nature's god -- or how these laws orchestrate our nations success 
	or failure -- they are rapidly embracing atheist and secular progressive 
	leaders who seek to undermine what they call the whole concept of american 
	exceptionalism.   yet, it was the very laws that the core deists understood 
	when they designed the framework of our constitutional form of government, 
	that brought about the unparalleled success of the american people.   and 
	these same american people remain ignorant of both the laws, as well as the 
	source of knowledge that our deist forefathers tapped into, that motivates a 
	great many of modern americans to surrender their freedom and liberty to the 
	very forces of worldly power that seeks to enslave them.   thus, the time 
	has come for the american people to be enlightened as to the higher reality 
	of the god-given gift that they are presently squandering away.   therefore, 
	the next three main chapters and sub-chapters will provide the reader a 
	behind the scenes insight into how and why the core enlightened deists were 
	able to invoke and use the laws to benefit the whole of the american people 
	in ways that few understand today.     

	modern man has absolutely no idea with respect to the depth and reality of 
	what would be defined as true spiritual religion.    traditional religion 
	which is faith-based, has basically remained shallow by virtue of rejecting 
	spiritual knowledge -- and in practice, it can be said that faith-based 
	religion dwells under the cloak of a vow of ignorance.    to the degree that 
	the majority of the people who consider themselves religious, do not even 
	understand the difference between religion and philosophy.    and to their 
	own detriment, faith-based religion has permitted secular authorities to not 
	only define religion -- placing religion in a very confined box that equates 
	to a spiritual coffin -- but it is in fact this secular perception of 
	religion that has become the downfall of the modern church.   the clergy who 
	are themselves without a rudder in the sea of confusion, promote social 
	justice and marxist government programs as the fulfillment of the gospel.   
	yet, when the core principles and objectives of the gospel is truly 
	understood, nothing could be further from the truth than what is being 
	preached from these spiritually disenfranchised pulpits.   
the 
	next chapters below will deal with the deist framework of our constitutional 
	form of government which is under severe attack today.   why is this 
	knowledge important today?   in the words of john adams:  
	"but a constitution of government once changed from 
	freedom, can never be restored. liberty, once lost, is lost forever."   
and with the loss of liberty very quickly follows the loss of the 
	essential first amendment freedoms that form the basis of enlightenment and 
	the path to man's higher objectives and goals.    again, john adams 
	rightfully warned:  “our constitution was made only 
	for a moral and religious people. it is wholly inadequate to the government 
	of any other.”    when john adams makes reference to the need of 
	religion in a constitutional government, the practice of religion meant 
	something entirely different to him than it does to most christians today.   
	as a deist, in true john lennon fashion, adams also said:
	“this would be the best of all possible worlds, if 
	there were no religion in it”.   yet, it was this same john adams 
	who was the vice president under george washington, and our second president 
	who wrote about the essence of deism that is not at all understood today:
	“the ten commandments and the sermon on the mount 
	contain my religion” (see
	
	encyclopedia britannica: johan adams, deism and religious philosophy).    
	thus, from john adam's deist perspective, religion was the lifestyle and the 
	practice of the person's religious philosophy, which was in fact the means 
	to bring about the manifestation of a person's beliefs in the life that they 
	are living.    the revelation of creator-god is not made to a church or 
	organized religion -- but rather, to individuals who create within 
	themselves a condition that enables them to tap into the higher source of 
	knowledge that both organized religion, atheists and secular progressives 
	all equally reject.   and from a biblical perspective, this spiritual 
	condition is portrayed a the refinement of self to make one's self the
	"good ground" that jesus said was 
	required to possess any degree of enlightened reason and understanding (see
	the sower and the 
	seed).    
an 
	interesting and appropriate statement by one of the earliest authorities of 
	the church is that made by clement of alexandria when he compared the 
	inherent weakness of faith-based religion, to that of the spiritual 
	christians who had acquired the sacred knowledge (gnosis) of the kingdom -- 
	i.e., “faith is the 
	foundation; knowledge the superstructure, by knowledge faith is perfected, 
	for to know is more than to believe. faith is a summary knowledge of urgent 
	truths; knowledge a sure demonstration of what has been received through 
	faith, being itself reared upon faith through the teachings of the lord.
	thus the gnostic grasps the 
	complete truth of all revelation from the beginning of the world to the end, 
	piercing to the depths of scripture, of which the believer tastes the 
	surface only. as a 
	consequence of this intelligent sympathy with the divine will, the gnostic 
	becomes in perfect unity in himself, and as far as possible like god. 
	definite outward observances cease to have any value for one whose being is 
	brought into abiding harmony with that which is eternal; he has no wants, no 
	passions; he rests in the contemplation of god, which is and will be his 
	unfailing blessedness.”
the 
	problem is that where clement portrays the reality of 
"...the gnostic [who] grasps 
	the complete truth of all revelation from the beginning of the world to the 
	end", those who possessed the divine 
	knowledge of the higher reality of the soul and the kingdom of god were 
	condemned as heretics by the counterfeit leaders of the church and the 
	series of roman emperors who controlled church doctrine and dogma.  and 
	thus, because the history of the church is a perpetual environment of 
	government control of not only church doctrine -- but also the very 
	definition of religion itself -- this secularized political environment 
	which is actually counterfeit-religion confused with what is genuine 
	spiritual religion, has resulted in the fact that both the faith-based 
	churches, as well as government, have colluded to embrace this secular 
	definition of religion.    why?   why was the segment of the church that 
	portrayed itself as orthodox totally ignorant of the core objectives of the 
	gospel teachings?   seeking to be benefactors of a worldly government that 
	had the inherent secular power to totally corrupt the church itself?   
	because the church itself lacks an understanding of the very core objectives 
	of a true spiritual religion -- and this fact remains true to this very 
	day.    for the most part, what is practiced in our churches today would be 
	better defined as secular institutionalized religion that has virtually 
	little to nothing in common with the original core objectives and teachings 
	of jesus and the gospels.   in truth, the churches have lost their way 
	because of the manmade doctrines of belief that were imposed upon the church 
	by government in the past who used religion as a means to maintain rule over 
	the thinking of the people.   to oppose government authority, was to oppose 
	god -- with the punishment of a promised eternal hell.   

	once properly understood, it can be said that the 
	critics of the church -- many of whom are secular progressives and atheists 
	-- themselves have absolutely no idea as to the the spiritual reality and 
	objectives of religion with respect to opening the door to achieving man's 
	ultimate potential.   where the atheists should be assisting the religious 
	world to escape their beliefs of a self-created demiurge -- by helping them 
	search for and see the truth and the esoteric meaning of the written word of 
	the scriptures -- they have instead chosen to walk an equal path of 
	ignorance.   and since all valid knowledge begins with the knowledge of 
	one's self -- i.e., jesus in the gospel of thomas proclaims:
	"but if you 
	will not know yourselves, you dwell in poverty and it is you who are that 
	poverty... whoever finds himself is 
	superior to the world" -- then the atheists who reject the 
	self-created demiurge of much of the religious world, simply has not excuse 
	for their own blind ignorance.   

	and as one comes to understand the journey of the soul -- and how, from 
	lifetime to lifetime, the soul often switches polarities in the conflicts of 
	life -- a very different picture of self and this world begins to emerge.   
	this more enlightened world-view which is portrayed as the far country in 
	the parable of the prodigal son, is in fact god's schoolhouse which is 
	necessary to evolve all of mankind from the alpha of ignorance, to the omega 
	of absolute knowing.   but just as important is the fact that the laws made 
	reference to by the deists are seen as the forces and guideposts which 
	accomplish this task of evolving all souls to completion and perfection, by 
	forcing each individual to confront their own actions, inactions and 
	complacency to what they should have done.  many times this involves a 
	reversal of roles, as each person directly confronts their own past actions 
	and ways.    as an example: many of the atheist activists today who oppose 
	the church, were the fire and brimstone preachers of the more distant 
	past.    yet, while the atheists and the faith-based believers often switch 
	polarities from life to life, their common enemy is the people of true 
	spiritual religion who seek the divine manna (gnosis/knowledge) of the 
	kingdom.    and if we pose the question: why has the practice of genuine 
	spiritual religion remained suppressed by both church and state?    the 
	answer is very simple -- i.e., it is impossible for those who possess the 
	knowledge of the soul and the gnosis of the kingdom to be led and ruled over 
	by despots -- both secular and sectarian.    and thus, in order to rule over 
	the people, the counterfeit clergy and pseudo-atheist intellectuals -- in 
	conjunction with despotic secular rulers -- must keep the people ignorant of 
	man's higher spiritual reality.    
the 
	modern congregation of faith-based believers in many ways are the victims of 
	government intervention into the affairs of religion that has brought about 
	the spiritual disenfranchisement of the church.   in many ways it can be 
	said that they have become afflicted with stockholm syndrome -- i.e., they 
	are now championing the thinking and doctrines of their despotic 
	oppressors.   in the same way that atheists and secular progressives are 
	presently striving to undermine the concept of god-given unalienable 
	constitutional rights, the political power of fourth century secular rome 
	intervened in religious affairs, and succeeded in destroying the spiritual 
	essence of the church when it hunted down and murdered those christians who 
	refused to accept the religious doctrines of the emperor.   when the pagan 
	christians who called themselves orthodox entered into a covenant with the 
	ruthless emperor constantine, the first of the gospel accounts to be 
	rewritten in order to make it better support the doctrines of pagan rome, 
	was the book of acts (see 
	http://biblecorruption.com ).   the original gospel accounts was focused 
	on the core objective of the return of the prodigal sons and daughters to 
	the kingdom of the father which they abandoned in the alpha of creation (see
	http://gateofeden.com ) -- and the book 
	of acts was representative of a series of important scriptures which 
	portrayed this evolution of the individual from an existence as ordinary 
	people, into anointed (messiah/christ) men and women who not only knew all 
	truths, but were allegorically portrayed as being able to perform even 
	greater miracles than did jesus himself, in the original gospel accounts.   
	but, in order to use christianity to enable both the government and the 
	pseudo-clergy to rule over the people, the very core objectives of the 
	gospels had to be censored and suppressed.   and thus, it was the initial 
	rewriting of the book of acts that caused the ebionite nazirenes and the 
	spiritual (gnostic) christians to hold council and decide upon the 
	preservation of seven (7) libraries of scriptures that had not been 
	corrupted by the church of constantine (see
	pure scriptures do exist).    
	why were these more pure scriptures so important to preserve?   unlike the 
	multitude of faith-based believers, both the ebionite nazirenes and the 
	spiritual christians understood the journey and perfection of the soul over 
	the course of many lifetimes (see
	the ten reasons why the 
	church rejects the reality of the pre-existent soul) -- and the 
	spiritually evolved souls sought to preserve the sacred writings, so they 
	would be available to them when their souls return to this world in a future 
	lifetime (see an 
	inconvenient truth).   in understanding the laws -- and the relevance of 
	the statement: 
“do 
	not be deceived: god cannot be mocked. a man reaps what he sows” 
	(gal 6:7 niv) -- by actively 
	defying the emperor and his church, and working to preserve the pure 
	scriptures -- it was understood that the laws would return access to these 
	same scriptures to these same souls in the future.   as set forth by the 
	pre-nicene church father origen: 
“every soul... comes into this world 
	strengthened by the victories or weakened by the defeats of its previous 
	life” (origen, de 
	principiis - see chickens 
	come home to roost).     by properly applying what jesus 
	portrayed as the key of knowledge to 
	the scriptures, they were able to spiritually restore themselves and regain 
	access to the kingdom within.        

	while many faith-based religious people may take exception to the above 
	statements, they do so not only to their own pearl, but they reject these 
	statements because they fail to even understand what a spiritual religion 
	is.   an institutionalized church which is common to this world, exists on a 
	horizontal plane.   and because it lacks depth -- failing to grow root 
	within the individual (see 
	sower and the seed), 
	and produce the necessary spiritual fruit that brings about the promised 
	manifestation of the kingdom within the congregation of believers -- 
	faith-based religion instead (like a politician who seduces the people with 
	their words) promises life after death -- or, the anticipation of a kingdom 
	that will come upon the earth at some future date when certain unknown 
	requirements are fulfilled.   and it is a fact that every doomsday prophet 
	has perpetually predicted the end times in every generation since the 
	scriptures were written.   the only 
indisputable fact with respect to the 
	countless false prophesies, is that the making of the prophesy has been very 
	lucrative to promote.  the prophets of doom have often lived lavish 
	lifestyles off the collection plate that has been received in the name of 
	god and the approaching end times.  as perhaps one classic example: pope 
	gregory i, who as pope was declared to be infallible, persuaded the rich 
	people in his day that the end of the world was at hand, and if they wanted 
	to go to heaven, they had better pass on their property to the church before 
	the coming of the great day. the result was that the papacy became the 
	richest land owner in europe. this same prediction -- that the end of the 
	world has arrived and is imminent -- has been repeated an uncountable number 
	of times in every generation since the beginning of our common era.   the 
	jehovah's witnesses, the seventh day adventists, as well as many other 
	christian sects, were all born from failed doomsday prophesies where the 
	faith-based believers who did not understand the application of the key of 
	knowledge, continued to promote their error instead of seeking to understand 
	the spiritual meaning of the end times prophesies of the scriptures -- each 
	continuing to embrace and promote the error of their understanding into 
	subsequent generations of spiritually disenfranchised believers.    when 
	their prophesies fail to come about as predicted, instead of examining their 
	thinking that caused them to arrive at their erroneous predictions,  


	in a faith-based religion where knowledge is shunned and condemned as 
	heresy, blind acceptance is required in the doctrines of the cult's 
	respective leaders -- with the promise of reward or punishment when one's 
	physical life has been culminated here on earth.    in contradistinction, 
	spiritual religion is the means to prove the core doctrines of belief while 
	the seeker is still alive in the physical body.    but in order to bring 
	about this higher spiritual objective, one must build upon the proper and 
	balanced framework of mind and being -- i.e., the seeker must become the
	"good ground" in the parable of the
	sower and the seed.    
	while faith-based religion does not care about or understand the need for 
	the required foundation, this foundation was paramount in the thinking and 
	objectives of our deist founding fathers who framed our constitutional form 
	of government.  in understanding the laws, they acknowledged that each and 
	every man, woman and child is the offspring of their heavenly father -- and 
	like the prodigal son, possesses an inheritance that few understand the 
	higher reality of.   part of the necessary equation is seen in the reality 
	that to bring about the greatest success, the people must be free of 
	despotic rule by both church and state, in order to manifest the 
	foundational mindset and lifestyle to bring about what is portrayed as the 
	inheritance of the prodigal son.   and thus, the great success -- and what 
	is often portrayed as american exceptionalism -- is the direct result of the 
	work of our deist framers to manifest the proper foundation of government 
	that would initiate the laws that permit advancement, which would in turn 
	inaugurate this great success enjoyed by the american people.   


	when properly understood, judaism has remained a spiritually flat-lined 
	institutionalized religion, because judaism itself was an ancient mystery 
	religion that is not at all understood by the very people who call 
	themselves jews today.   jesus condemned the leaders of the jewish sects of 
	the sadducees and pharisees -- not because of their unbelief -- but rather, 
	because they promoted blind faith in the doctrines of men.   what jesus 
	portrayed as the key of 
	knowledge was thrown away by a body of secular minded carnal rabbis such 
	as the pharisees -- who only possessed a very surface knowledge of the 
	scriptures -- i.e., "jesus answered and said to 
	them, you are mistaken, not knowing the scriptures nor the power of god" 
	(matt 22:29 nkj).    thus, because they lacked true depth of understanding, 
	jesus portrayed them as blind guides who had thrown away the key of 
	knowledge -- i.e., "how terrible it will be for you 
	experts in religious law! for you hide the key 
	to knowledge from the people. you don't 
enter the kingdom yourselves, 
	and you prevent others from entering" (luke 11:52).    thus, the 
	test of the validity of the jewish religious teachers and leaders, was in 
	fact seen as their success in the endeavor to 
	"...enter the kingdom [them]selves" -- and it was their failure 
	to bring about this spiritual objective that caused jesus to condemn than as
	"blind guides" whose spiritual folly 
"...prevent[ed] others from entering"!!!    
	but in view of the fact that the church of rome followed in the same exact 
	path and footsteps as the carnal jews, what is stated in jesus' words is 
	just as applicable to the modern church, as it was to the carnal jewish 
	leaders who jesus condemned.   

	to understand the essence of a spiritual religion, you must first understand 
	why jesus condemned and rejected the jewish teachers and
	"...experts in religious law" as being 
	spiritually counterfeit.   the allegation of jesus' words is seen in the 
	fact that there exists what he called a key of knowledge -- and when this 
	key of knowledge is properly applied, then the person possessed the ability 
	to enter the kingdom -- i.e., "...for you hide the 
	key to knowledge from the people. you don't enter the kingdom yourselves,
	and you prevent others from entering."    
	thus, the objective of a spiritual religion is to reveal and properly apply 
	the key of knowledge in such a way, that the person gains access to the 
	kingdom -- which jesus said was within each of us (see luke 17:20-21 @
	http://gateofeden.com ).   and the fact 
	that the carnal jews who, in their very limited understanding of the 
	scriptures, was teaching the people to look for the kingdom of god to come 
	upon the earth -- in the same way that christians today look for the second 
	coming -- it is seen that the leaders of both the jews and the christians 
	had in fact hidden and thrown away the key of knowledge.   failing to 
	fulfill the requirement of entering the kingdom themselves -- made them 
	blind guides who "...prevent others from 
	entering."  and because the church itself threw away the key of 
	knowledge under roman rule, these same words apply to modern christians as 
	much as the jews who jesus rejected and condemned. 

	throughout man's history the counterfeit religious leaders who acted in 
	collusion with secular authorities perpetually hunted down the adherents of 
	spiritual religion -- declaring them to be heretics.   in the middle ages 
	they held inquisitions where the faith and belief of the people were tested 
	-- and those who failed the test, were tortured and put to death.   as just 
	an example, the case of giordano bruno can be used as a demonstration of 
	those christians who did not subscribe to the dogma of pagan rome (see
	giordano bruno).   
	quoting the article to present the concepts of cosmology which was 
	foundational to bruno's positions: "bruno believed (and praised 
	copernicus for establishing a scientific explanation for the fact) that the 
	earth revolves around the sun, and that the apparent diurnal rotation of the 
	heavens is an illusion caused by the rotation of the earth around its axis. 
	bruno also held (following nicholas of cusa) that because god is infinite 
	the universe would reflect this fact in boundless immensity. bruno also 
	asserted that the stars in the sky were really other suns like our own, 
	around which orbited other planets. he indicated that support for such 
	beliefs in no way contradicted scripture or true religion  ...under this 
	model, the sun was simply one more star, and the stars all suns, each with 
	its own planets. bruno saw a solar system of a sun/star with planets as the 
	fundamental unit of the universe. according to bruno, infinite god 
	necessarily created an infinite universe, formed of an infinite number of 
	solar systems, separated by vast regions full of aether, because empty space 
	could not exist. (bruno did not arrive at the concept of a galaxy.) comets 
	were part of a synodus ex mundis of stars, and not—as other authors 
	maintained at the time—ephemeral creations, divine instruments, or heavenly 
	messengers. each comet was a world, a permanent celestial body, formed of 
	the four elements.   bruno's cosmology is marked by infinitude, homogeneity, 
	and isotropy, with planetary systems distributed evenly throughout. matter 
	follows an active animistic principle: it is intelligent and discontinuous 
	in structure, made up of discrete atoms. this animism (and a corresponding 
	disdain for mathematics as a means to understanding) is the most dramatic 
	respect in which bruno's cosmology differs from what today passes for a 
	common-sense picture of the universe.  during the later 16th century, and 
	throughout the 17th century, bruno's ideas were held up for ridicule, 
	debate, or inspiration. margaret cavendish, for example, wrote an entire 
	series of poems against "atoms" and "infinite worlds" in poems and fancies 
	in 1664. bruno's true, if partial, rehabilitation would have to wait for the 
	implications of newtonian cosmology."
in 
	the presentation of the esoteric knowledge that was revealed to the inner 
	core of jesus' disciples, i greatly expand upon the reality of matter and 
	cosmology of mind throughout this present article in order to present an 
	enlightened picture that must be considered if the disciple is to begin to 
	seek and manifest their true spiritual potential.   in the same way that 
	much of the body of this esoteric knowledge (gnosis) was revealed to me by 
	the true 
	prophet/son of god, the question becomes: was giordano bruno put to 
	death for expressing the knowledge that the son of god revealed to him 
	directly?   which means that giordano bruno -- as was the case of countless 
	other spiritual christians -- was persecuted because he attempted to present 
	to the people important esoteric truths that they must know to bring about 
	the fulfillment of the gospel objectives within them.   
thus, this reality is portrayed in the words:
	"these things i have spoken to you, that you may be 
	kept from stumbling.  they will make you outcasts from the synagogue, but an 
	hour is coming for everyone who kills you to think that he is offering 
	service to god" (john 16:1-2 nas).   the adherents of spiritual 
	religion are gnostics, because they utilize the key of knowledge to gain 
	access into the inner kingdom, and learn from the one teacher which has 
	traditionally been called the logos/son of god (see
	logos).     
	in contradistinction, the counterfeit religious leaders who have thrown away 
	the key of knowledge, always portray themselves as orthodox.   at the 
	founding of the united states, many who walked the more spiritual path of 
	the gnostics were known as deists -- and some were associated with the 
	masons.    

	it is import to understand that the guarantees of first amendment god-given 
	rights that is the cornerstone foundation of the constitution of the united 
	states, is from the side of the deists and masons -- and one of its primary 
	objectives was to insure freedom of thought from mainstream faith-based 
	religions -- i.e., fundamentalist christianity.    
among the u.s. founding fathers, john adams, john 
	quincy adams, ethan allen, benjamin franklin, thomas jefferson, james 
	madison, thomas paine, and george washington were all deists.

	while the masons were an esoteric order that had members in all religions 
	and governments, the deists were those who stated that god is the most 
	rational force in creation -- and god can only be found with the expansion 
	and development of the rational mind.   in contradistinction, traditional 
	faith-based religion is one of blind and unquestioning belief in the dogma 
	of the church -- as portrayed in the words of martin luther: 

“reason, 
	is the greatest enemy that faith has; it never comes to the aid of spiritual 
	things, but - more frequently than not - struggles against the divine word, 
	treating with contempt all that emanates from god” (quoted in: 
	the great thoughts; compiled by george seldes).    why did luther condemn 
	the rational powers of perception and interpretation of the mind of man?    
	luther embraced many of the same tenets and grave misunderstandings of the 
	biblical doctrine of predestination as did calvin -- and thomas jefferson is 
	quoted as saying of calvinism: 
"his [calvin's] religion was demonism. if ever man 
	worshiped a false god, he did. the being described in his five points is ... 
	a demon of malignant spirit. it would be more pardonable to believe in no 
	god at all, than to blaspheme him by the atrocious attributes of calvin" 
	(works, vol. iv., p. 363).   in 
	the foregoing chapter/subheading entitled,
	the 
	books with the power to deceive, i demonstrate that the apostle peter 
	basically stated the same position that jefferson did.    

	faith-based religion rejects the god-given gift of reason, because their own 
	ignorance pertaining to the true nature and objectives of both the 
	scriptures and god, which causes them to embrace what peter portrays as
	"unworthy beliefs about god" -- causing 
	them to believe grave error -- or, in the words of jesus directed at those 
	who have thrown away the key of knowledge: "you are 
	mistaken, not knowing the scriptures nor the power of god" (matt 
	22:29 nkj).   in a spiritual religion, god is understood to be the most 
	rational force in creation -- and it is the purpose of religion to bring 
	about the necessary 
"...heightening and enlargement of human consciousness” 
that enables man to enter the presence of what 
	jesus portrayed as the one teacher (see
	true 
	prophet), and learn directly from god (see below).    it was impossible 
	for luther and calvin to understand the biblical doctrine of predestination, 
	because a roman emperor has forbid and condemned the teaching of jesus on 
	the journey of the soul (see 
	the pre-existent soul).
	   and herein lies an even greater problem from a modern perspective 
	which is seen in the fact that the people who presently portray themselves 
	as deists, fail to understand the very spiritual core of deism -- and thus, 
	the essence of reason itself.   the modern atheists perceive themselves to 
	be totally led by reason and intellect -- and yet, their understanding of 
	god, religion and the world is so radically different from that of the 
	historical deists who founded our nation, that it can easily be demonstrated 
	that reason alone is a spiritually bankrupt path.   thus, reason without the 
	necessary 
	"...heightening and enlargement of human consciousness”, 
	is in and of itself a dead-ended path.      

	it is important to understand deism because of its rejection of the european 
	ideas of church and state -- and in total opposition, it's proclamation that 
	man is imbued with god-given unalienable rights that are beyond the reach of 
	government to in any manner suppress or inhibit.    it is easily 
	demonstrated that the epistles in the new testament were corrupted with 
	interpolations in order to make christians in subjection to rome (see
	
	interpolations) -- and these same interpolations were later used by the 
	governments of europe to promote political rulership of the church.   the 
	king of england was declared the vicar of god -- and deemed infallible -- 
	even before this doctrine of infallibility was bestowed upon the pope.   and 
	when properly understood, it is this relationship between church and state 
	which caused the christian world to be reduced to a condition of spiritual 
	complacency.    deism, on the other hand, not only rejects the whole concept 
	of government ordained religion -- promoting the separation of church and 
	state -- but lays the foundation for the concept that the highest obligation 
	of government is to protect the god-given rights of the individual.   


	deism is defined as "...a religious and 
	philosophical belief that a supreme god created the universe, and that this 
	and other religious truth can be determined using reason and observation of 
	the natural world alone" (see
	deism) -- and this 
	revelation through the use of reason and observation was based upon the 
	original objective of the teachings of jesus as portrayed in the quotation 
	from the 
	encyclopedia britannica under the heading, the history of christian 
	mysticism, where it reads: “although the 
	essence of mysticism is the sense of contact with the transcendent, 
	mysticism in the history of christianity should not be understood merely in 
	terms of special ecstatic experiences but as part of a religious process 
	lived out within the context of the christian community. from this 
	perspective mysticism played a vital part in the early church. early 
	christianity was a religion of the spirit that expressed itself in the 
	heightening and enlargement of human consciousness” -- 
	i.e., the focused objective is presented in the words 
"...the heightening and 
	enlargement of human consciousness”.   
if all that was necessary was the use of human 
	reasoning to understand what the deist's stated was the work of creator-god 
	in the forming of the universe, then there would be no such thing as 
	atheists who reject the whole concept of a creator.   and if we inquire as 
	to what made the reasoning of a deist who embraced a creator-god, very 
	different than the reasoning of an atheist who totally rejects the whole 
	concept of a deity, the answer is found in the elevated and matured 
	reasoning of the deist who understood the laws of creation, in 
	contradistinction to the atheist whose powers of reasoning and intellect has 
	been flat-lined by their blind ideology.    so the question then becomes: 
	did the deists who framed our constitutional form of government, understand 
	a higher reality of the laws that is not at all understood by those who 
	claim to be affiliated with deism today?    

	with respect to the deist assertion that truth can be found
	"...using reason and observation of the natural 
	world", this is merely conformation of the words of paul explored 
	in the above when he stated that the truth of god can be discerned by 
	observing the natural world -- i.e.,  "...for since 
	the creation of the world his invisible attributes, his eternal power and 
	divine nature, have been clearly seen, 
being understood through what has 
	been made, 
	so that they are without excuse"
(rom 1:19-20 nas).   that the critics of the deists fail to 
	understand that they merely confirmed what paul stated, is conformation of 
	the blindness on the part of the critics.   modern quantum physics has begun 
	to verify the position of the mystic that not only is all of creation imbued 
	with the divine pattern -- but that the divine pattern is holographically 
	replicated into each of it parts.   and, as i will present at numerous 
	points in this article, the physical is in fact the pattern for the whole.   
	and what both paul and the deists are expressing, is the fact that if you 
	apply the aspects of the pattern into each successive level of both 
	creation, and your own mind, soul and spirit, that you will begin to 
	understand the laws and the forces at work -- enabling you to not only 
	conquer your own divided nature, but also prevail over these forces and 
	laws.   thus, fulfilling the requirement set forth in the second saying of 
	the gospel of thomas:
	jesus said, "let him who 
	seeks continue seeking until he finds. when he finds, he will become 
	troubled. when he becomes troubled, he will be astonished, and he will rule 
	over the all."

	of primary importance is the observation of the laws that control all 
	aspects of the outer world, because it is these same laws that 
	holographically exist within the body and mind of each individual person.    
	therefore, to begin to understand the forces and laws that are working in 
	the outer world, it is essential to embark upon the journey of 
	self-discovery through the knowledge of understanding the very forces and 
	laws of the mind and consciousness of mankind -- i.e., within one's own mind 
	and being.    and thus, the great truth that seems to have escaped the 
	understanding and reasoning of the modern deist is revealed in the book 
	entitled fragments of a faith forgotten, by g.r.s. mead, where he 
	explains that what the authors of the scriptures truly 
“…projected onto the screen… [in the form of a ] picture of the universe 
	was in reality a picture of their own minds."  he then writes of 
	the scriptures: "its mythology is a symbolic 
	portrayal, almost a deliberate one, of the forces which operate in the 
	structuring and evolution of the human personality”.  it was for 
	this reason that carl jung called the gnostic christians the worlds first 
	and foremost psychologists who understood the very fabric of human 
	consciousness.   and, when rightly understood with what jesus called the key 
	of knowledge properly applied, the scriptures are about you -- i.e. the laws 
	and forces working in your own mind and body -- and they are timeless and 
	relevant to every period in human history.   and it is this higher 
	enlightened understanding of the scriptures and the proper application of 
	the key of knowledge that initiated and brought about the personal
	"revealed revelation" that provided the 
	deist the necessary supreme reasoning powers that enabled him to understand 
	what atheists and faith-believers were blind to. 

	on the surface the modern deist does not appear to understand the gnostic 
	roots of deism -- or the fact that when rightfully understood, the 
	historical man jesus would be seen as a perfect example of the objectives of 
	deism.   quoting the definition of deism found at 
	http://deism.com : "deism is belief in god 
	based on the application of our reason on the designs/laws found throughout 
	nature. the designs presuppose a designer. deism is therefore a natural 
	religion and is not a 'revealed' religion. the natural religion/philosophy 
	of deism frees those who embrace it from the inconsistencies of superstition 
	and the negativity of fear that are so strongly represented in all of the 
	'revealed' religions such as judaism, christianity and islam. (these 
	religions are called revealed religions because they all make claim to 
	having received a special revelation from god which they pretend, and many 
	of their sincere followers actually believe, their various and conflicting 
	holy books are based on.)".   when it is recognized that moses 
	stated that there would be many other men of vision that would prove and 
	confirm all that he stated -- and in the original gospel accounts, jesus was 
	a man (see thetenlies.com ) who 
	fulfilled the law to become the anointed (messiah/christ) -- and mohammed 
	was a man who became the prophet -- then the whole of the modern deist 
	argument against what they portray as a revealed religion comes to naught.   
	which means that the bottom line of the equation is that few men make the 
	effort to follow and embrace the path of the prophets of theway.   if, in 
	the example of jesus, he fulfilled the laws within himself that the modern 
	neo-deists are merely claiming to observe, then it is perfectly 
	understandable why jesus who fulfilled the laws has been personified as a 
	revealer.   and what the gospels teach is that anyone who fulfills the laws 
	within themselves in the manner that jesus did, will know and be able to 
	accomplish all that he did.   

	in accord with the above definition  found at 
	http://deism.com, it is demonstrated that at least philosophically, a 
	deist makes claim to a direct revelation from god that enables the deist to 
	access a higher perception than that of an atheist.   a deist maintains that 
	there is a creator-god, while the atheist who is observing the same laws, 
	rejects the existence of god.   therefore, unless deism can demonstrate a 
	basis for its position and substantiate their more enlightened vision and 
	understanding than what is embraced by atheists who are also reliant upon 
	rational thinking, then deism itself would have to be classified as merely 
	another made up system of religious belief that has no basis in fact.   
	either a single person or a core group of people who called themselves 
	deists, had to have a personal experience and revelation that enabled them 
	to perceive and understand what the reasoning of an atheist fails to reveal 
	to them, or deism itself would have to be classified as a fraud.   further, 
	the claim to this elevated experiential insight and knowledge is either the 
	result of core deist's gaining access to this higher vision that has 
	enlightened them -- and this enlightened understanding has enabled them to 
	state that the god of what they portray as revealed religions is false -- 
	and that would substantiate the claim that deism itself has provided the 
	foundation of an elevated and mature power of reason and intellect that the 
	vast majority of mankind is simply not privy to.    moreover, to 
	substantiate the position that creator-god remains in the background while 
	the natural laws that were created in the beginning are guiding mankind to 
	his divine destiny, there would have had to be someone among the original 
	deists who overcame the barrier between this world and that of the kingdom, 
	would have had to bridge the divide and become enlightened to this plight 
	which immerses the human condition to a state of blind ignorance.    if 
	rational thinking alone could reveal this higher reality that is promoted by 
	deism, then atheists would not only believe in creator-god, but their 
	rational thinking would reveal this higher reality to them.   which means 
	that either deism is itself a fraud, or there were core deists who elevated 
	their rational thinking by virtue of a enlightened vision that revealed this 
	higher reality that atheists and faith-based believers are blind to.   what 
	this means is if deism is not itself a fraud, then there had to exist a
	"revealer[s]" among the core deists, 
	whose elevated vision and knowledge enabled him to see and understand what 
	was beyond the vision of the rational thought of organic man.   


	when core deists such as thomas paine and jefferson condemned and rejected 
	the personification of god which christianity had drawn from reading the 
	literal text of the old testament scriptures, it was because they were aware 
	of the folly of the written word which paul portrayed as the
	"letter that killeth" (see
	defeated by the literal text) 
	-- and they were themselves privy to the fact that secularized 
	institutionalized (organized) religion is always hostile to the core 
	objectives of the authors of the scriptures, and by necessity the authors of 
	the scriptures use the faith-based community of believers as mules who 
	unknowingly carry a spiritual trojan horse that can be retrieved in order to 
	defeat the counterfeit authorities that control the people through the use 
	of organized religion (see
	an inconvenient truth).   
	and the core deists understood that the written text of the scriptures are 
	purely allegorical, because they applied the key of knowledge that enabled 
	them to use the scriptures as a catalyst to overcome the laws, and 
	circumvent the barrier between this world and the inner kingdom within 
	themselves -- which is the very purpose and objective of the authors of the 
	scriptures who concealed their esoteric knowledge in the manner of a 
	spiritual trojan horse to be used in the future. 

	on the surface it seems that the modern neo-deist does not at all appear to 
	understand the reason why the scriptures were written in the allegorical 
	format that they have been, which format i reference above as the
	language of 
	the soul.    and it is their own failure and inability of modern 
	neo-deism to explain the insight that they claim provided them with a more 
	elevated power of reasoning -- i.e., an elevated reasoning that enabled them 
	to embrace a higher truth than either their atheist or faith-based 
	revealed-religion brothers and sisters.    therefore, in many respects, the 
	modern neo-deist's inability to explain and understand the inner spiritual 
	meaning of the scriptures -- dismissing them as mere superstitious folly -- 
	is proof that the vast majority of modern deists are little more than 
	atheists who champion another unknown demiurge which they promote over all 
	the other varieties of demiurges embraced by what they portray as revealed 
	religions.   why?   it is impossible to advance beyond a rudimentary level 
	of reasoning and human rational thought, without coming to understand both 
	the language 
	of the soul, and why the key of knowledge must be applied to the written 
	word of the scriptures to ascertain the true meaning concealed within the 
	body of the spiritual trojan horse embodied in the allegorical text of the 
	written word -- i.e., the "letter that killeth" 
	(see defeated by the literal text).   
	once properly understood, the allegory of the scriptures mirrors the 
	allegory of the outer world which are the thoughts (of god) impressed into 
	the forms of matter -- brought about by the laws which deists profess to 
	comprehend -- which man interacts with in order to bring about and manifest 
	what deists portray as man's divine destiny.   

	again, lets closely examine the position of 
	deism which embodies the 
	above concepts on a "...supreme being does not 
	intervene in human affairs or suspend the natural laws of the universe ...assert[ing] 
	that god (or "the supreme architect") has a plan for the universe that is 
	not to be altered by intervention in the affairs of human life."   
these laws that were instituted as "...a plan 
	for the universe that is not to be altered by intervention in the affairs of 
	human life", because these laws not only drive mankind to his 
	destiny envisioned and ordained by creator-god, but they accomplish this by 
	maintaining a spiritual bio-feedback environment that perpetually returns to 
	each individual person the fruit of their own ways and actions, and these 
	same laws advance man in his journey of the soul by immersing him in a world 
	of mental imagery impressed into the forms of matter.   therefore, once this 
	higher reality is understood, what the scriptures do is reformat the mental 
	imagery in such a way, that when the key of knowledge is properly applied, 
	the scriptures act as a catalyst that is used to expand man's organic 
	reasoning and depth of mind to the degree with he is able to move beyond the 
	limitations of man's organic level of consciousness, and perceive and 
	comprehend man's higher soul reality and the mysteries of the kingdom of 
	god.    

	does a bio-feedback machine that is perfectly programmed and totally attuned 
	to the condition of the individual person, need intervention to bring about 
	the results for which the system was specifically designed to achieve?   the 
	journey of the soul and the very will of creator-god that has imbued the 
	laws of nature and all of creation with the ability to bring about the 
	design of god, is embodied in the words: this journey which matures, evolves 
	and perfects the prodigal son, is further presented in the words:
	"for my thoughts are not your thoughts, nor are 
	your ways my ways, says the lord.  for as the heavens are higher than the 
	earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your 
	thoughts.  for as the rain comes down, and the snow from heaven, and do not 
	return there, but water the earth, and make it bring forth and bud, that it 
	may give seed to the sower and bread to the eater, so shall my word be that 
	goes forth from my mouth; it shall not return to me void, but it shall 
	accomplish what i please, and it shall prosper in the thing for which i sent 
	it" (isa 55:8-11 nkj).     

	mankind has a destiny that he cannot escape -- and contrary to what is 
	published by organized religion, there are no shortcuts that exempt a person 
	from fulfilling the above word of creator-god who enacted the laws in the 
	alpha of creation.   and because the truth and the reality of the laws is 
	totally inconsistent with carnal man's desire for instant gratification, the 
	authors of the scriptures were forced to preserve and conceal the esoteric 
	knowledge of the laws within the text of the scriptures.   and if we ask:  
	why was the scriptures written in an allegorical code that required the 
	application of what jesus called the key of knowledge to discern the true 
	meaning?   the above example of the plight of
	giordano bruno 
	confirms the great truth that is presented in  an 
	an inconvenient truth.   
	thus, those who are in denial of the fact that the authors of the scriptures 
	who were condemned as heretics, were forced by the limitations of canal 
	man's blindness to use the body of faith-based believers as a type of mule 
	to preserve the body of concealed truths from the eyes and perception of the 
	church and organic man.   

	what is not understood is the fact that the scriptures are an allegory -- 
	and with the application of what jesus called the
	key of knowledge -- 
	the inner meaning of the scriptures begins to reveal the
	"design [of the] laws found throughout nature" 
	and all of creation.   with the objective being in understanding the 
	underlying divine design, the seeker is then able to expand the
	"application of ...reason" to fulfill 
	the words of st. nazianzen and bring about the necessary evolutionary 
	expansion of the mind which makes “...us 
	like god; so that when we have thus become like himself, god may, to use a 
	bold expression, hold converse with us as gods, being united to us, and that 
	perhaps to the same extent as he already knows those who are known to him” (quoted 
	at http://beingoflight.com ).    and 
	this reunion with creator-god is portrayed in the return of the prodigal son 
	to the kingdom of his father -- which kingdom is within each of us (see
	the gate of eden).    
	and the fact that the kingdom is equally within each of us, and every member 
	of the human race is equally the offspring of creator-god -- is the very 
	reason why the deists proclaimed that 
"...the separate and equal 
	station to which the laws of nature and of nature's god entitle them ...that 
	all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with 
	certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the 
	pursuit of happiness" -- and it is the 
	purpose of government to protect and secure these rights.   

	gnosis, which is the greek word for spiritual knowledge that is not of the 
	earth, can only be grasped and received by those who can embody and overcome
	"...the designs/laws found throughout nature" 
	-- successfully expanding the facilities of mind that enables the person to 
	embrace what can only be defined as true spiritual reason.    and when 
	properly understood, this is exactly what the historical jesus himself 
	accomplished, as presented in the words of hippolytus (an opponent of the 
	original ebionite nazirene disciples), when he states of their position that 
	jesus 
	"...was justified by fulfilling the law. he was the christ of god, since not 
	one of the rest of mankind had observed the law completely. had any one else 
	fulfilled the commandments of the law, he would have been the christ, 
	for they assert that our lord himself was a man in like sense with all 
	humanity" (see hippolytus, refut. 
	omn. haer. vii. 34).   when the ebionite nazirenes make reference to the 
	law, this very much includes the laws of creation as portrayed in the above 
	words "...the 
	designs/laws found throughout nature".    
	that the historical man jesus was a pattern for all of mankind because of 
	his success in overcoming the laws, is demonstrated in the words: 
"he was the christ of god, since not one of the rest 
	of mankind had observed the law completely. had any one else fulfilled the 
	commandments of the law, he would have been the christ..."   and 
	this confirms this statement with respect to the true potential of all of 
	mankind that jesus taught, as demonstrated in the words of hippolytus when 
	he wrote that they believed that when anyone 
	"...thus fulfill the law, they are able to become christs" (hippolytus,
	refut. omn. haer. vii. 34 - see 
	http://ebionite.com ).   and this is why jesus taught that he was our 
	brother -- i.e., "go instead to my brothers and 
	tell them, 'i am returning to my father and your father, to my god and your 
	god'" (john 20:17 niv).     

	what the author of http://deism.com does not 
	appear to understand with respect to his statement that judaism, 
	christianity and islam are "revealed" 
	religions, is that because of the corruption of the scriptures, the 
	adherents and believers of these religious traditions don't understand the 
	difference between the revealer, and the indwelling logos or mind of god 
	which will be explored in a forthcoming chapter/subheadings below.   and 
	this is especially demonstrated in the words of edward gibbon with respect 
	to the original position of the ebionite nazirene disciples of jesus that he 
	was in 
“...supernatural union of a man and god... in their 
	eyes, jesus of nazareth was a mere mortal, the legitimate son of joseph and 
	mary: but he was the best and wisest of the human race, selected as the 
	worthy instrument to restore upon earth the worship of the true and supreme 
	deity. when he was baptized in the jordan, the christ, the first of the 
	aeons, the son of god himself, descended on jesus in the form of a dove, to 
	inhabit his mind, and direct his actions during the allotted period of his 
	ministry” (gibbon; the decline & fall of the roman empire, v.4, 
	p.366).    

	the historical and spiritual factualness of these words can be proven when 
	one understands the original words that were spoken to the man jesus at his 
	baptism in the jordan river -- when the voice of god stated: 
"thou art my son, this day have i begotten thee" 
	(see the ten words).   
	which means that the historical man jesus was a man who became the 
	messiah/christ when he overcame the laws and became anointed 
	(messiah/christ) by god.    that the later church of rome which existed as a 
	puppet under the pagan sun worshipping emperor constantine, censored and 
	changed the very words of god spoken to mankind, is the primary reason why 
	the christian world remains shackled to the abyss of spiritual ignorant to 
	this very day.    in the above article it is demonstrated that all the 
	pre-nicene christian authors who quoted the baptism sequence in their 
	writings, confirmed that prior to the fourth century editing of the 
	scriptures by pagan rome, that the gospels confirmed that jesus became the 
	lord's anointed (messiah/christ) by fulfilling and overcoming the laws.    
	moreover, in addition to the six (6) pre-nicene christian authors who are 
	cited in the ten words, 
	this fact is further confirmed in the more ancient surviving biblical texts 
	that modern translators continue to ignore to the spiritual pearl of the 
	christian world today.     further, while christians gleefully attempt to 
	point out the prophetic predictions fulfilled by jesus -- and yet, they 
	ignore the fact that it was predicted that the above ten words would be 
	spoken to jesus -- and that the above ten words is attested to by paul in 
	the epistles to the hebrews, and again confirmed in the book of acts -- 
	demonstrates conclusively that the modern church rejects the jesus of the 
	gospels, and clings instead to the jesus of pagan rome.   moreover, that the 
	modern church continues to reject the very words of god spoken to mankind, 
	in favor of the censored and corrupted words of the fourth century emperor 
	of pagan rome, is the reason why the modern church which has caused itself 
	to be spiritually flat-lined, only possessing what paul portrayed as the
	"elementary" doctrines that the church 
	father origen defined as being “...preached in the 
	churches …for the simpleminded and for the ears of the common crowd who are 
	led on to live better lives by their belief”  (see origen, contra 
	celsum).    ###@@@    

	while i will present additional clarifying statements and documentation 
	after other material is covered in the below , the encyclopedia asserts that
	"deism holds that god does not intervene with the 
	functioning of the natural world in any way, allowing it to run according to 
	the laws of nature that he configured when he created all things" 
	(see deism).   and it is 
	these  "...laws of nature" which the 
	historical jesus overcame, in order to become the anointed 
	(messiah/christ).    thus, creator-god enacted 
	"...the laws of nature that he configured when he created all things" 
for the express purpose of perfecting the prodigal sons -- and the 
	historical jesus was the first of the prodigal sons to fulfill the purpose 
	and objective of the laws that god created.   in the same way that parents 
	see to the education of their offspring, so too did creator-god.   and in 
	the same way that parents send their children off to school to learn, the 
	offspring of creator-god entered god's school house (see
	divinestrategery.com in order to 
	bring about the necessary learning process.   and in the same way that a 
	child's education spans a great many months, days and years, it is necessary 
	for the education of the soul of the prodigal son to span many lifetimes in 
	the process of fulfilling the laws which god 
	"...configured when he created all things [which was[ ...run according to 
	the laws of nature".   and that organic man does not remember his 
	more distant past, is because he dwells in what jesus portrayed as the
	"outer darkness" of mind and being (see
	outer darkness), and 
	if he remembered his more distant past it would disrupt and even negate the 
	learning experience that is achieved in each lifetime that the soul lives.
	

	while the average christian might question why the deists hold that 
	creator-god does not directly intervene in the affairs of mankind -- but 
	instead relies upon the laws "...that he 
	[creator-god] configured when he created all things" -- when 
	rightly understood, what is being presented in these words is exactly what 
	jesus portrayed  in the parable of the prodigal son -- who, after leaving 
	the heavenly kingdom and squandering away his inheritance in this, the far 
	country, had to return to the kingdom of the father on his own accord.   and 
	while the father was willing to meet the son after he began his journey 
	homeward, this was not until the son was half-way home in theway.   the 
	position that god does not directly intervene in the affairs of man, is seen 
	in the fact that even when the prodigal son suffered and was in great need, 
	the father at no time moved to help him in his trials.   thus, it is 
	written: "and not many days after the younger son 
	gathered all together, and took his journey into a far country, and there 
	wasted his substance with riotous living.  and when he had spent all, there 
	arose a mighty famine in that land; and he began to be in want.   and he 
	went and joined himself to a citizen of that country; and he sent him into 
	his fields to feed swine.   and he would fain have filled his belly with the 
	husks that the swine did eat: and no man gave unto him" (luke 
	15:13-16 kjv).    why did the father not help the suffering son?    because 
	the laws had already been put into place that would not only guarantee the 
	return of the son -- but also, these laws were enacted to perform the 
	intended objectives of the reality that the far country was created to bring 
	about -- i.e., it is these very laws that were ordained by creator-god that 
	evolves and perfects the soul of each individual in the manner of a 
	spiritual bio-feedback system through the process of confronting every 
	person with the fruit of their own past actions -- i.e.,  “do 
	not be deceived: god cannot be mocked. a man reaps what he sows” 
	(gal 6:7 niv).   it is the evolution of mind that brings about the 
	necessary 
	"...heightening and enlargement of human consciousness” 
	from the alpha of ignorance, to the omega of enlightenment, that enables the 
	prodigal son to return to the edenic kingdom 
	of origination.   and this innate ability which is in fact an integral 
	part of our spiritual dna, is inborn in each of us and brought about by god, 
	our source of being, and is an integral part of 
	"...the laws of nature that he configured when he created all things".     
	and it is important to understand that the core deists -- like all true 
	gnostics -- understood the journey of the soul.   

 
deism - the laws - and the two creation 
	accounts: what has long confused students of the scriptures is what 
	they call the apparent two creation accounts in the beginning of genesis.   
	and this confusion is largely the result of their own misunderstandings.   
	both the gnostics as well as the deists understood the reason why there 
	appears to be two creation accounts, as did many of the esoteric orders of 
	masons and rosicrucians.   in the first genesis creation account when it 
	reads that on the seventh day creator-god rested because all his labors were 
	complete, that means exactly what it states.   creator-god did not awaken on 
	the day following the cosmic sabbath, and once again begin to labor in the 
	earth.   what was accomplished in the initial genesis account was the 
	creation of the laws that would bring the thoughts (word) of god from the 
	alpha of ignorance -- a prevailing ignorance that existed because no 
	experiential knowledge existed -- to the omega of absolute light and 
	enlightenment as all of creation was brought to completion.   


	a key biblical statement which explains the movement of the laws is seen in 
	the words: "for my thoughts are not your thoughts, 
	nor are your ways my ways, says the lord.  for as the heavens are higher 
	than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than 
	your thoughts.  for as the rain comes down, and the snow from heaven, and do 
	not return there, but water the earth, and make it bring forth and bud, that 
	it may give seed to the sower and bread to the eater, so shall my word be 
	that goes forth from my mouth; it shall not return to me void, but it shall 
	accomplish what i please, and it shall prosper in the thing for which i sent 
	it" (isa 55:8-11 nkj).   what both the core deists knew -- and 
	what is presented in the parable of the prodigal son -- is the reality that 
	all the laws were put into place in the alpha of creation as a living 
	bio-feedback organism, in order to evolve the all to completion and 
	perfection.    the fact that these laws which were the works of creator-god 
	were perfect, and did not need constant tweaking and fixing, is 
	representative of a truth that both the deists, mystics and the gnostics 
	understood -- while faith-based believers and their atheist critics remain 
	perplexed by the apparent conflicting creation accounts in the beginning of 
	genesis.   moreover, both the core deists and the christian gnostics 
	understood that in what is allegorically portrayed as the fall of man, part 
	of the soul became lost and entangled in the lower worlds which correspond 
	to the lower aspects and realities of mind and being -- and this is why 
	man's mind and being is divided across the spectrum of seven kingdoms.   
	man, who is of the fourth kingdom, is the balance between the heavenly and 
	earthly.   

 
allegorical fall of man: what is 
	allegorically portrayed as the fall of man was not at all due to any fault 
	of our own -- but was a natural exploration of self as both god through our 
	souls, and our souls through us, began to explore the reality of self.   
	thus, a long ignored statement by paul is seen in the words:
	"for the earnest expectation of the creation 
	eagerly waits for the revealing of the sons of god. for the creation was 
	subjected to futility, not willingly, but because of him who subjected it in 
	hope; because the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of 
	corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of god. for we know 
	that the whole creation groans and labors with birth pangs together until 
	now" (rom 8:19-22 nkj).   take especial notice of the words: 
	"...for the creation was subjected to futility, not 
	willingly, but because of him who subjected it  ...for we know that the 
	whole creation groans and labors with birth pangs together until now".   
	in the same way that jesus stated that unless you bring about the next stage 
	of birth, you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven -- all of the trials of the 
	prodigal son in this, the far country, is the process of birth that was 
	brought upon mankind by the laws that creator-god put into action in what is 
	allegorically portrayed as the seven days of creation.   in the beginning 
	gnosis did not exist, because no experiential knowledge existed -- and part 
	of us became lost in the lower worlds in an attempt to begin to know self -- 
	and god is knowing self through our higher soul-selves -- and our higher 
	soul-selves is coming to know self through us.

	in the beginning all souls existed as sparks of the divine.   in what i 
	portray as the realm of souls, each individual soul would be perceived as 
	weak flickering light.   quoting the universal jewish encyclopedia under the 
	heading of souls, transmigration of: “the doctrine 
	of transmigration of souls, which was especially accepted by the karaites… 
	is generally attacked by jewish philosophers, but is defended by isaac 
	abravanel and manasseh ben israel. it appears often in cabala; it is found 
	in organized form in the zohar, it is further developed in the teachings of 
	isaac luria (1534-1572), and in hasidism it becomes a universal belief. 
	according to these teachings, all human souls have a common origin in the 
	spiritual unity of the primordial man, sparks 
	of which form the individual souls... the sin 
	of adam brought higher and lower souls into confusion; as a result, every 
	soul has to pass through a series of incarnations... the soul itself has no 
	sex, which is determined by the body and may vary from incarnation to 
	incarnation”.    thus, the pre-existent soul of man which are 
	portrayed as "..sparks of which form the individual 
	souls... are in fact the beings of light (see
	http://bringoflight.com ) encountered 
	by some in a near death experience -- and it is this being of light that is 
	each person's true form and self.   moreover, in our natural state we are a 
	being of light -- and our body-vessel which we inhabit in this world, is 
	merely an allegorical projection of mind and spirit into the image of the 
	body.   that the journey of the soul over the course of many lifetimes was 
	an integral part of the teachings of jesus and theway -- and was removed by 
	the roman emperors who ruled over the doctrines of the church -- is 
	demonstrated conclusively in 
	the ten reasons why the church rejects the teaching on the pre-existent soul.

	in the allegorical account of genesis, adam is not a person -- the word adam 
	simply means man -- and like the parable of the prodigal son, is 
	representative of the universal pattern and reality of all of mankind.  the 
	idea of what is presented in the written text as the sin of adam, is what is 
	portrayed allegorically -- but the fall was forced upon all souls as stated 
	at rom 8:19-22.   and this fall was brought about because of the lack of 
	gnosis, or experiential knowledge.  but what is important to understand is 
	that because of the state of inner division, part of the soul became lost in 
	the lower kingdoms -- and as they began to experience independently, they 
	took on a life of their own.   how could this happen?  because each fragment 
	is a holographic pattern of the whole -- which means that each fragment not 
	only has the parts necessary to be independently conscious -- but at one 
	level, is very much independently consciousness. 

	again, the above words in isaiah: "...so shall my 
	word be that goes forth from my mouth; it shall not return to me void, but 
	it shall accomplish what i please, and it shall prosper in the thing for 
	which i sent it".    the deists who understood the laws, 
	understood that creator-god did not involve himself in the process that has 
	been brought forth in the development of man in this world -- because 
	creator-god's labor was perfect and complete.    when an ovum is fertilized 
	in the womb, it does not have to be re-fertilized at various points of 
	development -- because the development of the embryo into a fetus, infant, 
	adolescent and adult, is all brought about by the laws.   creator-god did 
	not have to constantly tweak the laws that were already perfect after his 
	labors were perfect and completed -- and this is why it in the parable that 
	jesus taught, it was the prodigal son who had to return to the kingdom of 
	the father, rather than the father having to come and get him in his trials 
	and tribulations -- tribulations which paul portrayed as the natural process 
	of birth being brought forth by the laws, as demonstrated in the above 
	words: "...for we know that the whole creation 
	groans and labors with birth pangs together until now"

 
spiritual sabbath: does the gospels 
	supply an answer to the christian dilemma?   paul writes that the sabbath 
	celebrated by the jews is an allegorical representation of the sabbath, as 
	seen in his words that it is a "...shadow of things 
	to come" (col 2:17 kjv).   the gospels are spiritual writings -- 
	and they often intentionally conflict with what would be understood from a 
	literal or historical perspective, in order to force the reader to seek the 
	spiritual meaning.   the prediction was that the son of man would be three 
	days in the tomb -- and yet, if you count the days as reported in the 
	scriptures, they are two.   and this is because the christians who read the 
	scriptures in the manner of the pharisees who threw away the key of 
	knowledge, not only do not understand the spiritual meaning of the three 
	days, but they further do not understand the portrayal of a sabbath 
	following the passover.  they therefore attempt to doctrinally force the 
	interpretation the following day after the sabbath as the first day of the 
	week -- or for those who worship the sun-god in the manner of the pagan 
	christians, sunday.    on the other hand, the greek word used to describe 
	the day of the supposed resurrection, is mia ton 
	sabbaton -- or, if literally translated, 
"one of the sabbaths".    but the conflict over the day of 
	the week is seen in the christians inability to understand what is meant by
	"one of the sabbaths" -- which is 
	exactly how the greek text reads.   and the grave misunderstanding of most 
	bible readers is seen when they fail to perceive that the allegorical symbol 
	of the sabbath is not the actual sabbath that is the objective of the 
	scriptures which is portrayed in the biblical term "one 
	of the sabbaths".        
as noted in many places in this article, eden is 
the embodiment of the sabbath -- and it is the return to eden while still alive 
in the body (see http://gateofeden.com ), 
that is the true objective of the scriptures and the teachings of jesus and 
theway.   from a true spiritual perspective, the jews have never celebrated a 
sabbath -- and what they observe, is an allegorical portrayal of the sabbath 
that they lack the depth of understanding to comprehend the meaning of.   and 
this reality which is not understood by either the jews, or the pagan 
christians, is also presented in the meaning of the verse that was removed from 
the gospel of luke by the sun-worshipping christians -- i.e.,  
"on the same day, he (jesus) beholding a man laboring on 
the sabbath, said to him: man if thou knowest what thou doest, blessed art thou; 
if however thou dost not know, cursed art thou and a transgressor of the law" 
(see http://biblecorruption.com 
).    if the passover is correctly embraced from a spiritual perspective (see
http://ebionite.com/easter.htm ) -- 
in contradistinction to the allegorical passover of the jews -- then the 
disciple has overcome, and achieved the next level of birth -- and to him, there 
is nothing but sabbaths.   after the celebration of the true sabbath which can 
only be accomplished in the fulfillment of the laws within one's self, there is 
no more counting of days, weeks, months and years -- i.e., "but 
now after you have known god, or rather are known by god, how is it that you 
turn again to the weak and beggarly elements, to which you desire again to be in 
bondage? you observe days and months and seasons and years.  i am afraid for 
you, lest i have labored for you in vain" (gal 4:9-11 nkj).   the 
pharisees, who were condemned because of their carnal and ritualistic 
interpretation of the scriptures, celebrate an allegorical sabbath that is of 
the flesh -- i.e., what paul portrays as a "shadow" 
of the true sabbath that is spiritual.   the disciples of jesus are to strive to 
bring about the true spiritual sabbath of completion -- and after you achieve 
this spiritual sabbath, there is no more days of the week -- but only the 
abiding eternal rest.   and this is why the sabbath is portrayed as following 
the passover in the gospels, and the next day is portrayed as
"one of the sabbaths".    among other 
things, what this means is that there is absolutely no basis for observing the 
day of the sun-god -- i.e., sunday -- except, of course, if you worship the 
sun-god in the manner of the pagan church of rome.   and the fact that you can't 
count the days where the son of man was in the tomb three days -- and make it 
the day of the sun-god -- simply because you read the scriptures in the same 
manner as the pharisees -- totally alienates the believers of the church from 
even the very objects and spiritual essence of the teachings of jesus and theway. 
										
 
received 
										the law from angels - the two creation 
										accounts: because the deists 
										understood both the laws and the purpose 
										of what was being conveyed in the two 
										allegorical creation accounts in 
										genesis, they understood that in the 
										same way that the father did not come 
										rushing to the aid of his prodigal son 
										when his son was in great need and being 
										exploited by what jesus portrayed as the 
										citizen of the far country, neither does 
										creator-god tweak the laws that were put 
										into effect prior to god resting on the 
										spiritual sabbath.   faith-based 
										believers not only fail to understand 
										the reason there is two creation 
										accoutns in genesis, but neither do they 
										understand the true spiritual reality of 
										the sabbath.   creator-god's work was 
										completed in what is allegorically 
										portrayed as the sabbath -- and being 
										complete, there was no more work to be 
										accomplished.   therefore, not only does 
										the genesis account portray 
										creator-god's work as being completed on 
										the sabbath, but what is presented as 
										god in the second creation account, 
										portrays god in a different name.   
										god's presence therefore, in all that 
										follows the initial creation account, is 
										in fact the movement of god's laws and 
										the natural forces of creation that was 
										put into effect -- and this is confirmed 
										in the disciples statement that 
										allegorically, the jews were a people 
										who had 
										"...received the law by the direction of 
										angels and have not kept it" 
										(acts 7:53 nkjv).  but what does this 
										mean?  allegorically, the angels are 
										representative of the personification of 
										the laws -- so it wasn't that a 
										supernatural being handed the law over 
										to moses -- but rather, that in the 
										development of mind signified in the 
										allegory of the text, the elevated 
										consciousness enabled the mind to see, 
										perceive and understand the higher 
										reality of the laws that organic man is 
										blind to.   that, as paul states, they
										"...have not 
										kept it", is because they 
										have failed to bring about the 
										completion of the sabbath.   in further 
										making reference to the law, paul 
										writes: "for if 
										the message spoken by angels was 
										binding, and every violation and 
										disobedience received its just 
										punishment" (heb 2:2 niv).   

when the laws that were put into 
effect are understood, perhaps the best way to portray these laws that the 
deists portrayed as the laws of nature and nature's god, is as a spiritual 
bio-feedback machine that dynamically evolves each soul to perfection by 
intimately responding to our every action, reaction and failure to act -- and 
responds appropriately when the time is opportune for our greatest learning and 
advancement.   that these laws were put into action in the alpha of creation -- 
and are the perfect works of creator-god that is dynamically designed to 
movement of man -- is a reality of the laws that the core deists attempted 
unsuccessfully to convey to the theists and organized religion.   
the punishment punishment that 
paul makes reference to, is the effect of the laws returning to each person the 
fruit of their own past actions -- i.e., 
“do not be deceived: god 
cannot be mocked. a man reaps what he sows” (gal 6:7 niv).   
peter states of the two princes (see
the double edge 
sword of the law and the left hand of god): 
"but that this is so, has been 
said even by the law in the person of god: ‘i will kill, and, i will make alive; 
i will strike, and i will heal. for, in truth, he kills and makes alive. he 
kills through the left hand, that is, through the evil one, who has been so 
composed as to rejoice in afflicting the impious. and he saves and benefits 
through the right hand, that is, through the good one, who has been made to 
rejoice in the good deeds and salvation of the righteous."   
and thus, when understood, it is the left hand of god that is the power of 
correction -- and returns to each person the substance of their own actions -- 
and on a secondary note, the substance of their thoughts and desires.   
therefore it can be said "as a man thinketh in hes 
heart, so is he" (prov 23:7).    and his experiences of life are 
limited by the substance of the thoughts which he entertains.  
in the same manner, a person of 
wisdom knows that there is a left and a right to all things -- and the left hand 
of the scriptures is the written word of the scriptures which paul portrayed as 
the "letter that killeth"
(2 cor 3:6), while the right hand is the inner meaning that lies 
concealed beneath the allegorical cloak of the texts.   and in the same way that 
the prince and power of correction lies with the left hand -- i.e., the left 
hand of god (see the 
written word portrays the left hand of god), which is explained in greater 
detail in a later subheading entitled
time and the left 
hand of god. -- the natural organic people of the earth who dwell under the 
dominion of the citizen of the far country -- i.e., those who have yet to put on 
the required "wedding garment" and come to 
thecall -- remain blind to both the spirit, and the inner meaning of the 
scriptures.    jesus portrayed this organic human blindness as the
"outer darkness" of mind and being (see
outer darkness) --  
which parallels plato's account of the cave (see
plato's cave) -- and it is 
representative of the natural condition of the laws which limit each person to 
the thought-vibrations of their heart and mind.    on the other hand, those who 
perpetrate evil actions on their brothers and sisters, dwell in that condition 
which is maintained by the laws in what jesus portrayed as
the prison.    
the apostle peter warns that the 
enigmas of the scriptures which he portrays as the "mystery of the books with 
the power to deceive", were intentionally inserted into the body of the text 
as a test to the reader.   man, whose condition is maintained by the laws in 
accord with the thoughts of the heart, is tested throughout the scriptures to 
see if he has prepared himself to be of a greater vision and understanding of 
what he perceives out of the written word.   speaking of simon magus' ability to 
deceive the people peter is quoted as stating in the homilies: 
“and with us, indeed, who have had handed down from our 
forefathers the worship of the god who made all things, and
also the mystery of the books which are able to deceive,
he will not prevail; but with those from amongst the 
gentiles who have the polytheistic fancy bred in them,
and who know not the falsehoods of the scriptures, 
he will prevail much. and not only he;
but if any other shall recount to those from among the 
gentiles any vain, dreamlike, richly set out story 
against god, he will be believed, because from their childhood their minds are 
accustomed to take in things spoken against god. and few there shall be of them, 
as a few out of a multitude, who through ingenuousness shall not be willing so 
much as to hear an evil word against the god who made all things.  
and to these alone from amongst the gentiles it shall be 
vouchsafed to be saved. let not any one of you, 
therefore, altogether complain of simon, or of any one else; for nothing happens 
unjustly, since even the falsehoods of scripture are with good reason presented 
for a test.”
with respect to what peter 
portrays as "...the falsehoods of the scriptures",

moses maimonedes, one of the most 
respected of jewish theologians, historian, and talmudist, writes about the 
nature of scripture: “every 
time that you find in our books a tale the reality of which seems impossible, a 
story which is repugnant to both reason and common sense, then be sure that the 
tale contains a profound allegory veiling a deeply mysterious truth; and the 
greater the absurdity of the letter, the deeper the wisdom of the spirit”.   
and what this means is that when the reader encounters 
"...an evil word against the god" -- and believes the allegorical 
falsehood -- then this person has failed the test, and his heart and mind 
remains hardened by the laws which return to each person the thoughts of their 
own heart.    
peter portrays the gentiles as 
being easily deceived, because they are accustomed to believing bad things about 
god.   thus, the god of the old testament has been insightfully portrayed as 
resembling the wizard of oz -- i.e., a magical nut case behind the curtain who 
liked physical circumcision, genocide of non-jews including killing every woman 
& child -- a god who made man, then repented he ever made man and killed 
everyone on earth but noah’s and his immediate family -- a god who kills a man 
for trying to steady the ark, a voodoo god who loves animal sacrifice and blood 
sprinkling, a god who sacrifices his son instead of himself. the scriptures are 
very clear, it’s all allegorical about the kingdom within.   the reader is 
warned  in john 6:63, that reading the scriptures literally has no profit at all 
(“the flesh profiteth nothing”) and leaves 
the reader spiritually bankrupt : "it is the spirit 
that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that i speak unto you, 
they are spirit, and they are life".   
the encyclopedia names two of the 
most influential founding fathers of the united states and presents the fact 
that "...benjamin franklin, believed in reincarnation 
or resurrection."  and then states that 
"others such as thomas paine were agnostic about the immortality of the soul:
'i trouble not myself about the manner of future 
existence. i content myself with believing, even to positive conviction, that 
the power that gave me existence is able to continue it, in any form and manner 
he pleases, either with or without this body; and it appears more probable to me 
that i shall continue to exist hereafter than that i should have had existence, 
as i now have, before that existence began'" 
—thomas paine, the age of reason, part i, recapitulation.    because the 
encyclopedia authors do not themselves understand the teaching of jesus on the 
higher reality of the soul (see
gospel of thomas 
saying 82), the encyclopedia author does not understand why paine was not 
concerned with the immortality of the soul as would be commonly understood.   
paine understood the higher reality of the soul -- and understood that the 
higher soul-self is eternal.   in understanding that each of us is an embryonic 
image of our higher soul-self, thomas paine was concerned with the work of this 
life -- i.e., the expansion and required next phase of birth of the image that 
is implanted in the body-vessel at conception (explored in
soul image).   

to recap an important point: in 
the 17th and 18th centuries, spiritual gnostics were called deists -- and when 
rightfully understood, their objectives were exactly the same as presented in 
the above quotation from the
encyclopedia 
britannica under the heading, the history of christian mysticism, where 
it reads: “although the essence of mysticism is the 
sense of contact with the transcendent, mysticism in the history of christianity 
should not be understood merely in terms of special ecstatic experiences but as 
part of a religious process lived out within the context of the christian 
community. from this perspective mysticism played a vital part in the early 
church. early christianity was a religion of the spirit that expressed itself in 
the heightening and enlargement of human consciousness”.    and it is 
this "...heightening and 
enlargement of human consciousness” 
which was the essence of early spiritual christianity, was and is in fact the 
core objective of deism as defined above and demonstrated in the words: 
"...a religious and philosophical belief that a supreme 
god created the universe, and that this and other religious truth can be 
determined using reason and observation of the natural world alone."
   the deists and 
masons surrounded themselves with symbols of higher consciousness -- and in the 
objective of enlightening their understanding of what they perceived and 
comprehended, they developed their mind with depth and balance.      

 
the holographic pattern of the twelve within the 
one: the reality that both our modern faith-based religions and the 
pseudo-intellectuals fail to understand, was that if the proper conditions were 
present, the laws would bring about a higher reality among the people -- and 
this is crucial to even begin to understand both the success of the american 
people, and what the critics of the united states often condemn as the concept 
of american exceptionalism.   enlightened spiritual seekers have all witnessed 
to mankind that creation is imbued with a divine pattern that is holographic -- 
i.e., as above, so below -- and that the pattern, or spiritual dna of creation, 
is replicated into each of the lower aspects that are part of creation.   in the 
same way that a single-cell embryo when in proper balance within the womb, will 
produce the pattern of the seven spiritual centers embodied in the glands, and 
the  twelve spheres of mind which embody the organs as portrayed in the tree of 
life within the fetus -- it is also true that under the proper conditions, the 
laws that control all things in this world (the laws of nature and nature's 
god), will (re)produce this same pattern among the people -- and within a nation 
-- and it is this holographic pattern that brings about the success often 
associated with american exceptionalism.    and in comprehending the laws, 
deists such as franklin and thomas paine understood that if you created the 
proper environmental conditions, that not only the necessary expansion of mind 
would be brought about by the laws, but also great success which the world could 
not bring about under the european forms of government.   but in order for the 
laws (of god and creation) to work to man's greatest benefit, the people had to 
be free of restraint by both church and state.    in the same way that the human 
father does not directly intervene in the development of the fetus that is 
forming within the womb of his wife -- and that once the initial laws are 
satisfied that resulted in conception, the evolutionary expansion of the fetus 
is brought about by the laws -- the same is true with respect to an individual, 
as well as a nation that can manifest the necessary environment for the laws to 
bring about the evolution of the people within the nation.    and it was for 
this important reason that the federal government was limited to the protection 
of the nation from outside attackers, and to promote and regulate commerce 
between the states.    that the central federal government has been able to 
overstep its bounds, is because of the failure of the supreme court, as well as 
the ignorance of the laws on the part of our political and religious leaders.   

what is central to the
"...heightening and enlargement of 
human consciousness”, is the development of the twelve spheres of 
mind which, by their very nature, are often paradoxical opposites that perceive 
the world differently -- and it is in these great differences that are often in 
conflict with one another, that the depth, heightening and expansion of mind is 
brought about.    thus, the primary constitutional purpose and obligation of 
government, is to secure the rights of one individual and/or group to think and 
live differently -- without interference -- from being dominated and in any 
manner diminished by the other schools of thought.    but in order to accomplish 
this ultra-important purpose, the government itself must not be permitted to be 
entangled or in support of any of the groups or schools of thought.    
as deists and gnostics who 
understood the laws of creation which they portrayed as the laws of nature and 
nature's god, the inner core of our constitutional framers understood this
"...heightening and enlargement of 
human consciousness” was impossible under a monarchy, a dictator, an 
imperial regime, or under what has come to be known as communism, socialism, a 
theocracy, or any type of government where the leaders could dictate the 
thinking and lifestyle of the people.    
the total failure of marxism 
-- whether it takes the form of communism, socialism, secular progressivism or 
even linear intellectualism that is taught in our systems of education -- is 
demonstrated in the fact that the central government obstructs the natural 
workings of the laws as portrayed in the words, the 
laws of nature and natures god, and this obstruction of the natural 
workings of the laws has the effect of suppressing the development of the twelve 
spheres of mind, which totally inhibits the necessary
"...heightening and enlargement of 
human consciousness”.   
 
deists, and the homogenization factor: 
many of the core constitutional framers of what has come to be the government of 
the united states, were in fact souls who had lived as the original disciples of 
jesus in the first century.   it must be remembered that the church itself 
rejected the positions of the original ebionite nazirene disciples -- i.e., they 
were “…rejected from one religion as 
apostates, and from the other as heretics” (gibbon: decline & fall of 
the roman empire, v.1, p.416).   even what is known as the epistle of 
james who is historically known as the very brother of jesus, was openly 
condemned by martin luther as "an epistle of straw" 
-- simply because his (luther's) pagan mindset was incapable of understanding 
the core gospel principles and spiritual objectives.   the idea that the modern 
church would agree with, and even embrace the original gospel teachings, would 
constitute a bogus lie!!!    therefore, to even suppose that the christians who 
came to the new world would even recognize the core gospel teachings, is 
representative of a christian myth perpetuated by the uninformed to the 
congregations of the spiritually disenfranchised.    the united states is a 
nation built upon gnostic and deist principles -- that was later on converted to 
the prevailing religion of christianity.   what this means is that while the 
concepts and statements which embody the original constitution can in fact be 
the product of divine insights -- and that the constitution is in and of itself 
a religion that should be practiced by every american -- the attempts by the 
legislature and the idea of a living constitution on the part of many in the 
judiciary, exemplify the corruption and defilement of the divine oracles that 
have brought the united states a success that has been a light to the rest of 
the world. 
men such as benjamin franklin and 
thomas paine were deists, because christianity had become so derailed from its 
original spiritual objectives by the power of church and state, that the 
religion could only serve the needs of the most elementary believers.     prior 
to the nicene council in the year 325 when the roman emperor constantine took 
total control over the church -- hunting down the spiritual christians and 
further defiling the most corrupted copies of the scriptures -- the church 
itself existed as an institution of spiritual growth and advancement that served 
the greater needs of mankind.   as demonstrated in the article
the secret doctrine (of 
christianity), as the individual christians matured and evolved through the 
process of spiritual transformation, the threefold church had in place, the 
necessary structure to supply the needs at each level of spiritual 
attainment.    and as presented in the article, this was the true mission that 
the church was supposed to serve in the world.   yet, this higher calling came 
to an abrupt end, when the most carnal of heathen christians entered into a 
covenant with pagan rome -- and the true spiritual christians were put to death 
by the apostate church which was predicted to arise by the biblical authors (see
the church of the antichrist). 

the christian church in its 
pre-nicene form was a center for spiritual healing and advancement.    in the 
same way that our modern educational systems are divided into primary or basic 
education, and secondary colleges and universities, the church was always 
divided by the believers of the simple-faith who could only grasp the elementary 
doctrines of faith, and the more advanced groups which guided the serious 
seeker/disciples in theway.    of these two groups
of christians, smith 
and wace's dictionary of christian biography states: 
“we have no reason to think that the earliest gnostics 
intended to found sects separated from the church and called after their own 
names.   their disciples were to be christians, elevated above the rest as 
acquainted with deeper mysteries, and called gnostikoi because possessed of a 
gnosis superior to the simple faith of the multitude…  they also boasted to be 
in possession of genuine apostolical traditions, deriving their doctrines, some 
from st. paul, others from st. peter, and others again from judas, thomas, 
philip, and matthew.   in addition moreover, to [this] secret doctrine which 
they professed to have received by oral tradition, they appealed also to alleged 
writings of the apostles themselves or their disciples”.   

in the above subsection on
the mystery of the 
gospel, when jesus states in explanation as to why the multitudes were 
taught in parables: 
“the secret of the kingdom of god has been given to you. 
but to those on the outside everything is said in parables so that, they may be 
ever seeing but never perceiving, and ever hearing but never understanding” 
(mark 4:11-12 niv) -- this inability for the multitudes to comprehend their own 
higher soul reality and the mysteries of the kingdom, is because of their own 
spiritual immaturity.   the question asked of jesus could be seen as a visiting 
university professor standing before a first grade class teaching the principles 
of basic math -- and his own student as him: why not teach them calculus, 
geometry and physics?   to which jesus replies: these immature students are not 
at all prepared to comprehend even the basics of advanced mathematics -- because 
they must first learn the mathematical laws and equations that is foundational 
to higher learning and the evolution of the mind.   but the church as a holistic 
learning and healing environment came abruptly to an end, as stated in the above 
subsection entitled
deism 
and the first amendment, because the church under roman emperor rule had 
thrown away the key of knowledge, the church itself remained immature and 
spiritually flat-lined.   and this fact is demonstrated in why paul writes:
“and i, brethren, could not speak to you 
as to spiritual men, but as to men of flesh, as to babes in christ” 
(1 cor 3:1 nas).   thus, these believers who were taught personally by paul, 
could only be taught the allegorical doctrine of jesus christ and him crucified 
(1 cor 2:2), because they were not yet spiritual men -- but rather, they were 
men of flesh and still very much “babes in christ”.   
paul then explains that: “i gave you milk to drink, not 
solid food; for you were not yet able to receive it. indeed, even now you are 
not yet able” (1 cor 3:2 nas).
in the same way that we have one 
educational system which is divided into primary and basic education, which 
through many levels of instruction begins to prepare the student to go on to our 
system of colleges and universities, the above statement parallels this same 
reality: 
“we have no reason to 
think that the earliest gnostics intended to found sects separated from the 
church and called after their own names.   their disciples were to be 
christians, elevated above the rest as acquainted with deeper mysteries, and 
called gnostikoi because possessed of a gnosis superior to the simple faith of 
the multitude…"    what paul did when he came to teach the 
people of corinth, was to provide them the entry-level primary doctrines that 
are necessary for those who he portrayed as “babes in 
christ” -- “i gave you milk to drink, not 
solid food; for you were not yet able to receive it. indeed, even now you are 
not yet able”.    and once properly understood, a kindergarten 
teacher could basically say the same words to her class of immature students.  

in order to come into the 
presence and be instructed by the one teacher that jesus commanded was the only 
teacher (see 
gnostic), they had to mature through the primary levels of spiritual 
development, to the degree that they were able to be instructed by the one 
teacher who is the 
logos within.   thus,
under the heading of 
gnosticism, the encyclopedia britannica states: 
“among the majority of the followers of the movement, 'gnosis' was understood 
not as meaning 'knowledge' or 'understanding', in our sense of the word, but 
'revelation'.  these little gnostic sects and groups all lived in the conviction 
that they possessed a secret and mysterious knowledge, in no way accessible to 
those outside, which was not to be proved or propagated, but believed in by the 
initiated, and anxiously guarded as a secret.  this knowledge of theirs was not 
based on reflection, on scientific inquiry and proof, but on revelation.  it was 
derived directly from the times of primitive christianity, from the savior 
himself and from his disciples and friends, with whom they claimed to be 
connected by a secret tradition, or else from later prophets, of whom many sects 
boasted.  it was laid down in wonderful mystic writings, which were in the 
possession of the various circles”.   
natural (organic) man does not 
normally remember the previous lives that their soul has lived, because they 
dwell in what jesus called the "outer darkness" 
of mind and being  (see 
outer darkness).   as stated at divine 
strategery, if a person remembered the previous lives that their soul has 
lived, then the necessary learning experience of this world which is god's 
divine school house, would be negated.   moreover, there is the paradox that 
while the eternal soul has lived countless lifetimes in pursuit of wholeness and 
completion (see the 
reality of the soul), it is also true that the person you are in this world 
came into existence at conception (see
reincarnation - a 
counterfeit belief)  and this is not only why i use the term the lives a 
person's soul has lived, in contradistinction to previous lives that a person 
has lived.   but, more importantly, if a student in god's university had the 
answer key for all the tests that he would be given, then the process of 
learning through  research, experience and critical thinking, would be 
negated.   whereas, in view of the fact that your soul or true self is not 
manifest in the body -- and your true self possesses the knowledge of all lives 
lived since the dawn of time itself -- then when the process of passing the 
tests of life is engaged by intuitively drawing upon the source of inner wisdom 
and knowledge, the person's resources of mind and being becomes greatly expanded 
and evolved.   and as the mind begins to mature -- and the seeker commences to 
overcome the laws within one's self -- like leaves on a healthy tree, such 
things as the more distant memory of the past lives that one's soul has lived, 
begins to manifest in the life of the seeker.   many of the deist and masonic 
framers of our constitution possessed the memory of their soul's previous lives 
-- a number of them lived as the early disciples of jesus -- others as jewish 
mystics and spiritual christians who had been hunted down by the church of rome 
and murdered in both the fourth century, as well as throughout the middle 
ages.   and it was these highly evolved spiritual souls who had entered into the 
world in the 18th century, in order to form a government that would act as an 
environment from which true spirituality and gnosis could once again 
flourish.    but this reality is totally foreign to the modern american who has 
been programmed by a secularized understanding of religion, and a spiritually 
flat-lined mindset and atheist driven lifestyle.   and just as important is the 
fact that these souls who had incarnated as our constitutional framers, knew 
first hand how a strong central government or institutionalized church was the 
very force that not only destroyed the necessary environment for spirituality 
and gnosis to flourish, but was in and of itself a detriment to all of mankind 
and the very purpose and objectives of life in this realm itself.  
in the same way that the carnal 
jews who had thrown away the key of knowledge were portrayed as a detriment to 
the people, so too were the governments of europe a detriment to man's mental 
and spiritual advancement.    and this fact was not an opinion -- but rather, a 
truth that was drawn from the reality of enlightened man's vision that was 
beyond the error of the philosophies of this world.    that man has the innate 
ability to enter this higher reality that jesus portrayed as the kingdom which 
could be accessed by the proper use of the key of knowledge, is simply beyond 
the understanding of organic man who is limited by the earth-bound frequency 
spectrum of this world (explained under heading
soul-symphony 
- time - soul-octaves - spiritual cathedral).    and this is why jesus 
stated that organic man who has yet to spiritually develop, is inherently blind 
to his own higher soul and spiritual reality.    in the same way that our 
systems of education is supposed to mature the understanding of the people, the 
true purpose of spiritual religion is to open the inner door of the mind that 
permits them to learn directly from first their higher soul-self, and ultimately 
the indwelling logos.    that those who have utilized the key of knowledge to 
open the inner "narrow gate" that jesus 
taught to seek to learn from the one teacher that reveals all truths to the mind 
of man, cannot convey to those who remain earth-bound in their thinking the 
reality of the inner kingdom, is presented in the foregoing subheading
an 
inconvenient truth.   
absolute power corrupts 
absolutely.   a strong central government or church, always inhibits the process 
of development and growth towards maturity.   all the empires of the past, as 
well as the soviet union all failed, because the laws which control all events 
in this world brought communism and governments not founded upon the principle 
of the laws to its own destruction.   it can be said that marxism and all the 
many forms of central government authority that maintains a tight secularized 
control over the people, are in fact a type of birth-defect that inhibits the 
laws from bringing about the necessary evolutionary growth and development of 
the people who dwell as mere subjects to the state.   thus, the deists who 
understood the laws, also understood that creator-god did not have to intervene 
in the affairs of man to bring about the destruction of the soviet union, 
because the laws were already programmed and imbued with the power to 
orchestrate its fall.   yet, not before the people of the soviet union -- and 
the world -- were all given insight into the reasons for the fall of russian 
communism.   the question is thus: did the people learn their lesson?   did the 
people of the united states and europe learn their lesson?   it appears that 
they did not. 
all movements of man must be 
subject to both the laws with which all of creation moves, as well as freewill 
and choice which is necessary for man to experience growth and development.   if 
the prodigal son was obstructed from traveling into the far country, then he 
never would have develop all the necessary wisdom and experiential knowledge 
that eventually made him whole and complete.   in like manner, if man was 
obstructed from walking down the wrong path, then he would never learn the 
important lessons that only failure, trials and tribulation can bring.    and 
thus, his thinking and mind would never evolve beyond a very robotic or 
mechanical stage.    a secular theocracy such as marxism which is being promoted 
by pseudo-liberals and secular progressives today, is always doomed to failure, 
because it inhibits the necessary growth and development of the people to 
succeed.    yet, not before the lessons of that choice are learned through 
experiencing that philosophical choice.  
a strong central government 
always has a homogenizing effect upon the thinking and development of the people 
-- and is therefore perceived to be a type of disease by the laws of creation 
which not only maintain balance, but must maintain the higher objective of 
growth and development of both the individual, as well as mankind as a whole.    
yet, man has the power of freewill, and is always able to choose paths that will 
ultimately engender lack of development and even destruction, in order for him 
to learn his lessons.     therefore, in understanding the 
"laws of nature and nature's god", the deists recognized the 
movement of the laws -- how mankind possessed the necessary freewill in order to 
seemingly choose any path that he envisioned as being right -- and that these 
paths always returned back to him the fruit of his own ways in order for him to 
learn his lessons -- and those paths which failed to bring about the higher 
objectives of life, would always turn upon itself and bring about its own 
destruction.    the deists recognized that creator-god did not have to intervene 
in man's affairs, because all of man's actions and movements in this world are 
orchestrated by the laws.  
based upon purely carnal 
reasoning, a predominant quasi-religious or secular central government does not 
encourage and permit the necessary twelve spheres of mind to develop -- many of 
which spheres appear to be paradoxical in their reasoning -- resulting in the 
fact that the thinking and mindset of the people become flat-lined and 
obstructed in their development.   in our educational systems today, only the 
theory of evolution is permitted to be taught -- and regardless of the fact that 
this theory has been proven to be in grave error (see

the great allegory of mind and matter), it continues to be taught as the 
only acceptable truth today.    while, as demonstrated throughout the foregoing, 
modern quantum physics supports the positions of the mystics and authors of our 
scriptures, these findings are suppressed because the politically motivated 
pseudo-intellectuals are neither required to prove their theories, or permit 
conflicting positions to be explored.    
again, why do i portray the 
mainstream of educators as pseudo-intellectuals?    because they are only seeing 
and understanding the world from the perception of one of the twelve spheres of 
mind -- a very linear oriented sphere that is virtually blind to the perceptions 
of the other spheres of mind -- it is impossible for them to develop and expand 
the mind beyond a certain very limited point.    in like manner, each of the 
twelve spheres of mind must develop from the perspective of their native 
indigenous vision and perception of the both life and the world.    and herein 
is one of the most important aspects of development -- i.e., each of the twelve 
visions from each of the spheres, must first develop their own perception and 
understanding, before they can begin to consider entertaining the vision and 
perception of the other spheres.   
^
the foundational laws:   on the seal of 
the united states is the words: e pluribus unum 
-- which in latin means: "out of many one".    
and oneness which was envisioned by the framers of our constitutional form of 
government, like the word wholeness, is simply no longer understood by the 
people of our modern cultural world.    more than anything else, the deists and 
masons who guided the formation of our government, understood the laws of 
creation -- and the fact that the one, must be formed from the many that dwell 
in an evolved state of harmonic holographic balance.   thus, they understood the 
very pattern of laws that form the foundational bedrock of creation, and how 
these laws bring about the development of the mind, and the ultimate destiny of 
mankind.   from the one is born the many -- and if the many can evolve into one, 
great success can be achieved.   
the embryonic pattern: using the 
pattern of the body which is holographically imbued with the divine pattern of 
all of creation, all that develops is through the interaction of the paradoxical 
opposite polarities of male and female essence that comprises the one primary 
cell -- and within the one is the potential of the third-force that evolves into 
a complex organism.    if the proper initial balance of male/female essence is 
not present -- or the necessary interaction and balanced development is 
suppressed or negated, then the embryo is aborted through a miscarriage.   
innate in the primary pattern of the male/female chromosomal essence that makes 
up each cell, is a third-force balance that interacts both physically and 
etherically with the laws, to form the complex structure of the body that 
enables it to evolve into a suitable vehicle for the mind and spirit to 
manifest.   allegorically, the twelve disciples of jesus represents the twelve 
spheres of mind that are portrayed in the diagram of the tree of life.   the 
seven primary cities through which jesus and his disciples allegorically 
traveled, are representative of the seven spiritual centers that is the source 
of vital life-force that animates the body and mind.   what is allegorically 
portrayed as the work of healing and miracles presented in the gospel accounts, 
is the overcoming of the laws that brings wholeness to the seeker/disciple.   
that as a deist, thomas jefferson knew that the portrayed miracles of the 
gospels was allegorical -- and not at all historical -- and this is one of the 
primary reasons why jefferson removed the miracle-accounts from what is known as 
the jefferson bible.   jefferson understood that in taking the focus off the 
important teachings that were literally conveyed in the sermon on the mount, the 
christian world was in most instances embracing the gospel for all the wrong 
reasons.   
what is allegorically presented 
in the scriptures is the development of the mind and the transformation of the 
seeker/disciple that evolves them into a state of wholeness and completion.   
this process of development was initially portrayed in the old testament where 
the twelve spheres of mind are allegorically presented as tribes -- i.e., tribes 
equals the portrayal of a condition where each of the spheres of mind exist in a 
state of division and confusion -- divided condition that must be overcome in 
order to achieve the necessary singular state of the twelve (disciples) that is 
portrayed in the gospels.    the core deists who understood the language of the 
soul with which the allegorical text of the scriptures are imbued, understood 
that an enlightened people can only exist when this same pattern of mind is 
manifest across the spectrum of a nation of people who practice the concepts of 
liberty, freedom and justice for all.   thus, the greatest threat to 
enlightenment, is a strong central government or ruling theocracy that attempts 
to homogenize the thinking of the people.  @@@deist
freedom of thought and the 
liberty to live in accord with one's beliefs is essential to the development of 
the mind in its journey on the path of seeking enlightenment.   thomas jefferson 
noted that: "ignorance is preferable to error, and he 
is less remote from the truth who believes nothing than he who believes what is 
wrong" (notes on virginia, 1782).    once a powerful central 
government or theocracy affirms a doctrine of belief as being true, then the 
people who live under the rule and authority of such a church or state, are no 
longer free to evolve their thinking beyond ordained limits.   as an example: if 
jesus was not god incarnate, as the church was forced to believe while under the 
rule of imperial rome, then everything built upon that foundation was, and is, 
and remains, equally in error.    the doctrine itself promotes a whole system of 
beliefs that inhibit the necessary development of mind that engenders a mindset 
that has the potential to become the "good ground" 
in the parable of the 
sower and the seed.   causing the mind of the believer to become mentally 
impotent and spiritually flat-lined.    in our modern day, the adherence to the 
darwinist theory of evolution has a similar effect upon the thinking and life of 
those who embrace the spiritually barren mindset that is an outgrowth of this 
foundational belief that is literally forced upon the nation's school 
children.     
in the same way that plato taught 
that the logos exists within the mind of all of mankind (see
logos) -- and 
that jesus taught that there is only one teacher that all of mankind must seek 
(see true 
prophet) -- within the inner core of what is known as the
age of enlightenment, 
existed people who sought the divine knowledge of the inner kingdom, and they 
successfully tapped into this inner source of knowledge.    and as with all 
people who walk the gnostic path, they could not speak openly to others of their 
experiences as they came into the presence of their higher soul and spiritual 
natures.   perhaps a perfect example of the fate of those who openly opposed the 
church and/or state-church alliances, is the case of
giordano bruno who was 
burned at the stake for rejecting the doctrine that jesus was god incarnate.   


 
segregated harmonic interaction: while the 
body is formed from one primary embryo out of the balanced oneness of the 
essence of male/female -- if that embryo is to develop into the complex mind of 
a human, then it must be recognized that innately, there is yet another pattern 
that must emerge and become mature in order to support higher intelligence and 
mental reasoning.   the one primary cell must develop the organs and glands that 
serve as a foundation for the complex human mind.    the heart must develop as a 
heart -- the lungs as lungs -- the brain as a brain -- and all the systems of 
the body must develop the necessary foundational structure for higher human 
intelligence to manifest.    the cells that form the heart, must support the 
heart -- as is the case with each system within the body.   if liver cells were 
to begin to grow in the heart, then the heart would never grow to support its 
necessary function.   if a kidney began to form in the brain, then the brain 
would fail to support human intelligence.    thus, the supreme intelligence of 
man is based upon what could be called segregated harmonic interaction -- and if 
either the segregation, or the harmonic interaction, is in any way negated, 
restricted or interfered with, then the whole of man's organism is threatened.   
and the same pattern that is true in the physical, is also true in the mental, 
and ultimately the spiritual.  
in understanding the laws, the 
deists perceived that in the same way that if the necessary conditions are 
present in the proper environment where an embryo can begin to develop in the 
womb -- that with the proper interaction the laws (of nature and nature's god) 
will form a fetus -- the fetus will be born as a baby -- the baby will evolve 
into an infant, adolescent  and continue to form an adult person -- our 
constitutional framers worked on the
field of dreams 
scenario of: "if you build it, he/it will come."   
and in the same way that a baseball field is laid out in accord with the 
pattern, the rules and requirements of the game, our constitutional framers 
comprised of core deists who had tapped into the source of knowledge that jesus 
portrayed as the
one teacher, 
to whom it was revealed the knowledge of the higher realities which the laws of 
this world and creation are designed to bring about, laid out our government in 
order to bring about the necessary stages of birth and development that would 
permit man's ultimate destiny to be realized.  

something 
that few school children are ever taught, is the fact that the whole structure 
of our nations capital is laid out in accord with spiritual and masonic symbols 
-- as detailed in many such books as that written by james wasserman entitled

the secrets of masonic washington.   why were these symbols imbedded in the 
structural framework of the nations capital?   because the symbols represent the 
natural laws of creation -- which facilitates the necessary balance that is 
integral to proper development and the evolution of higher consciousness.    of 
these symbols it is written in perspective to wasserman's book:
"wasserman explains the purpose behind putting these 
symbols and masonic designs into the capital and how all these monuments fit 
into the spiritual vision held by the founding fathers. he reveals the prominent 
role that freemasonry played in the 18th-century enlightenment movement and 
shows how in the new world, free of monarchy and aristocracy, the ideas of the 
enlightenment were able to flourish."
what these symbols represent is 
an integral part of the 
field of dreams reality of: "if you build it, he/it 
will come".     and ultimately, the field of dreams realty is built 
upon the premise that if you lay the proper foundation, then the laws will bring 
the higher condition of reality about.    and this is in fact the whole basis of 
paul's doctrine of salvation of faith, vs the outward ritualization of the law 
by the jews.     and while paul's faith/field of dreams factor with respect to 
the laws is true, because the teachings of both jesus and paul were corrupted by 
a quasi-secular institutionalization of the gospel message, the church can no 
longer fulfill its intended divine objectives because the foundation has been 
corrupted and destroyed. 
in the same way that the 
corruptions of men have attacked and undermined the whole of the (christian) 
church, parallel corruptions have in like manner attacked and undermined the 
original objectives and ultimate potential of our constitutional form of 
government -- robbing mankind of his ability to achieve his destiny and purpose 
of life in this world.  paul's doctrine of salvation by faith was based upon the 
reality that the lost prodigal sons and daughters dwell in what jesus portrayed 
as the "outer darkness" of mind and being -- 
and are therefore blind and totally unaware of the kingdom within them that 
jesus taught how to enter by bringing about the next stages of birth.     
because paul was himself a gnostic (see
the gnostic paul), and he 
understood and possessed the knowledge of the laws, he taught the gentiles that 
if they prepare their body and organic human consciousness to become the
"good ground" in the parable of the
sower and the seed, 
that the very laws will invoke the spiritual dna of creation, and form the
final temple 
within the disciple/believer -- thus, bringing about the end times and the 
restoral of the inner kingdom upon the earthly body.    and this is merely the 
foundational concept of the 
field of dreams reality 
that, "if you build it, he/it will come."  

the works associated with the 
gospel teachings are representative of the person's desire and willingness to 
become the "good ground" in the parable of 
the sower and the seed.   
and this is why jesus stated and warned:

“but why do you call me 'lord, lord,' and do not do the 
things which i say?” (luke 6:46 nkj).   and this fact 
represents one of the important verses that was removed from the gospels by the 
later church, and is preserved in many pre-nicene writings such as the second 
epistle of clement where it is written: "let us, then, 
not only call him lord, for that will not save us.  for he saith, 'not every one 
that saith to me, lord, lord, shall be saved, but he that worketh righteousness' 
…for this reason… the lord hath said, 'even though ye were gathered together to 
me in my very bosom, yet if ye were not to keep my commandments, i would cast 
you off, and say unto you, depart from me; i know you not whence ye are, ye 
workers of iniquity’". (see
bosom of messiah/christ).  

that the original gospel 
teachings do not support the manmade salvation by grace doctrines of the church 
regardless of mindset and lifestyle, should not surprise anyone.   paul openly 
condemns those who continue to live in sin -- i.e., 
"what shall we say then? 
shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? certainly not! how shall we who 
died to sin live any longer in it? 
(rom 6:1-16 nkj).   even stating that a person 
who continues to sin after coming to the knowledge of messiah/christ, that there 
is no sacrifice for them -- only judgment as seen in the ignored warning: 
"for it is 
impossible to restore again to repentance those who have once been enlightened, 
who have tasted the heavenly gift, ...if they then commit apostasy, since they 
crucify the son of god on their own account and hold him up to contempt.. for if 
we sin deliberately after receiving the knowledge of the truth, there no longer 
remains a sacrifice for sins, but a fearful prospect of judgment, and a fury of 
fire which will consume the adversaries."
(heb 6:4-6;10:26-27 rsv - see
christian legacy and the 
apostasy of martin luther).    the 
objective of the teachings of theway was to convey to the believer the reality 
that if they become the "good ground" 
in the parable of the 
sower and the seed, they will have prepared themselves to manifest the 
necessary environment which will permit the organic laws -- which will invoke 
the spiritual dna of creation, and form the
final temple 
within the disciple/believer -- thus, bringing about the end times and the 
restoral of the inner kingdom upon the earthly body -- i.e., the foundational 
concept of the  field of 
dreams reality that, "if you build it, he/it will 
come."  
in the same way that the 
doctrines of men instituted by a quasi-secular institutionalized church 
inhibited the very objectives of the gospel from being brought about within the 
congregation of believers, the corruption of politicians and judges inhibited 
our constitutional form of government from bringing about the higher destiny of 
man in the american people.    the system of checks and balances which was 
instituted in the threefold division of power in the federal government -- which 
(federal government) was restricted and limited to the protection of our nation 
and interstate commerce, was negated by a supreme court that failed to insure 
and preserve the constitutional rights of the people.    the almost total 
negation of the powers given to the states -- along with the suppression of 
almost all of the all-pervading rights of the people -- rendered the field of 
dreams factor and the potential of the laws sterile and politically 
castrated.    resulting in not only the wholesale deprivation of the god-given 
rights of the people that our constitutional framers correctly portrayed as 
unalienable -- but in the same way that the corruptions of the church deprived 
the congregation of believers of the very objectives of the gospel teachings, 
the corruption of our constitutional form of government has deprived the world 
and all of mankind from bringing about the very objectives of the life that man 
is living in this world as the prodigal sons and daughters of the most high.    

while it is true that all men as 
the offspring of god are created equal, they are not at all the same.   in order 
to understand why the framers of our constitutional form of government possessed 
a higher wisdom and knowledge than our modern day intellectuals and 
philosophers, you would have to first understand what they accomplished in the 
previous lives that their soul had lived.   or, in the words of the church 
father origen: “every 
soul... comes into this world strengthened by the victories or weakened by the 
defeats of its previous life” 
(origen, de principiis).    and the few who truly understand who these 
individuals who entered into this life as a group, and who came together on the 
american continent to create a field of dreams environment of government that 
had the potential to raise up and alter the course of man's lives upon the face 
of the earth, remains totally unrealized among the majority of mankind who often 
choose to live in subjection to the forces of ignorance and despair.    the 
harsh and often cruel reality of man's suffering is presented in an article by 
walter e. williams entitled 
america's move toward tyranny where he wrote: 
"supreme court justice louis brandeis warned, 'the greatest dangers to liberty 
lurk in the insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well meaning but without 
understanding.' the freedom of individuals from compulsion or coercion never 
was, and is not now, the normal state of human affairs. 
the normal state for the ordinary person is tyranny, arbitrary control and abuse 
mainly by their own government."    
in failing to understand these 
simple words expressed by walter williams, the american people have not only 
negated the very filed of dreams that should have been their birth-right, but 
they are well on their way to restoring the normal human condition of 
"...tyranny, arbitrary control and abuse mainly by their 
own government."   in the words of gerald ford: 
"a government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big 
enough to take from you everything you have" (presidential address to 
a joint session of congress, 12 august 1974).   and those who understand human 
nature, are cognizant of the fact that this is always the case -- i.e.,
"those who forget history are doomed to repeat it".    
why?   "power tends to corrupt, and absolute power 
corrupts absolutely. great men are almost always 
bad men, even when they exercise influence and not authority: still more when 
you superadd the tendency or certainty of corruption by full authority. there is 
no worse heresy than the fact that the office sanctifies the holder of it" 
(see 
john dalberg).  
in permitting government to 
overstep its constitutional boundaries, the american people have deprived 
themselves of their birthright that was the very objectives of the historical 
man jesus, and foundationally established by the framers of our constitution in 
their proclamation to the world that men possess unalienable god-given rights -- 
and the primary objective of government is to affirm, support and protect these 
rights that are inscribed in the very core spiritual dna of creation.    a field 
of dreams environment that had the potential to enable man to arise to his 
highest expression as the offspring of god.   
in the same way that from the 
single cell embryo that is balanced and divided across the spectrum of opposite 
(male/female) polarities that interact in a functional harmony -- and from this 
single cell, each complex organ and system is segregated from the rest, and 
developed to its highest potential -- before it is evolved and prepared to 
harmoniously function as a single unit that is suitable to provide  the child 
with the necessary environment to support the gift of human life -- men of 
wisdom who comprehend the laws and the true potential of man, understand that 
the only valid expression of government is to assist and protect the same 
process of development in a nation, that takes place in the formation of the 
body of the human child.     that the american government which has been 
permitted to overstep its constitutional limits, has sought to undermine and 
negate the laws -- and philosophically and culturally homogenize and suppress 
the development of the necessary twelve spheres of mind from forming within the 
population of the people -- thereby inhibiting the very pattern that lays the 
foundation for the field of dreams to become a reality -- from producing the 
higher elevated life that is the potential of mankind if he is able to achieve 
the necessary subsequent stages of birth that restores the kingdom within 
him.         
 
 

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

this warning is relevant
in the life of all americans today: "and that servant who knew his master's will, and did not prepare himself or do according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes. 
but he who did not know, yet committed things deserving of stripes, shall be beaten with few. for everyone to whom much is given, from him much will be required; and to whom much has been committed, of him they will ask the
more" (luke 12:47-48 nkj).   merely being born an
american -- a people who have been bestowed with the gift of "unalienable god-given
rights", is a privilege "...to whom much has been
committed" -- and each
american will be held accountable for this gift that has been denied the greater
majority of the people of this world.   the united states came into
being in order to be a light to the world -- and because americans -- and
especially christian americans -- have permitted that light to be extinguished,
they will be beaten with many stripes, and they will suffer colossal loss: "you are the salt of the earth; but if the salt loses its flavor, how shall it be seasoned? it is then good for nothing but to be thrown out and trampled underfoot by
men" (matt 5:13 nkj).   

as
i will demonstrate throughout this web site, the power allotted to the federal
government was limited to specific areas as a safe-guard in order to insure the
individual rights of the people.  to this end the 10th amendment reads: “the
powers not delegated to the united states by the constitution, nor prohibited by
it to the states, are reserved to the states respectively, or to the people.”  
that the people have failed to exercise their god-given rights, and permitted
themselves to be ruled over by a federal governemnt that has long ago usurped
its lawful allotted authority, is a flaw that every american today will be held
accountable for.   in the words of thomas jefferson:
“resolved, that the several states composing the united states of america, are
not united on the principle of unlimited submission to their general government;
… and that whensoever the general government assumes undelegated powers, its
acts are unauthoritative, void, and of no force… that the government created
by this compact was not made the exclusive or final judge of the extent of the
powers delegated to itself; since that would have made its discretion, and not
the constitution, the measure of its powers; but that as in all other cases of
compact among parties having no common judge, each party has an equal right to
judge for itself, as well of infractions as of the mode and measure of
redress” (the
kentucky resolution 1798).   the very founding documents of these
united states, provides the instrument by which the people of the states possess
the right to legally dissolve their ties to the union -- as stated in the
declaration of independence:

 



 













declaration
        of independence




when
        in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to
        dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and
        to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station
        to which the laws of nature and of nature's god entitle them, a decent
        respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the
        causes which impel them to the separation.

we
        hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal,
        that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights,
        that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. --that
        to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving
        their just powers from the consent of the governed, --that whenever any
        form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of
        the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government,
        laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in
        such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and
        happiness. prudence, indeed, will dictate that governments long
        established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and
        accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to
        suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by
        abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. but when a long train
        of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same object evinces a
        design to reduce them under absolute despotism, it is their right, it is
        their duty, to throw off such government, and to provide new guards for
        their future security. --such has been the patient sufferance of these
        colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter
        their former systems of government. 
















 


 

 
 
 

the
responsibility of every american


having received the gift of "god-given
unalienable rights", every american is charged with the
responsibility of their preservation!   "for everyone to whom much is given, from him much will be required; and to whom much has been committed, of him they will ask the
more" (luke 12:47-48 nkj).   my very purpose of
composing this web site is a prophetic warning to all americans -- and
especially those who call themselves christian -- that because you have
permitted the government to usurp its constitutional bounds, and undermine the
fabric of freedom and liberty that your forefathers shed their blood to secure
for you, that you will in the future loose these god-given rights in the manner
of those who lived in communist soviet union, red china, and other despotic
nations.    how do i know this?   how do i know what
others do not?   the answer to this question is easy: by making myself
a disciple of yeshua/jesus, and living in the manner of the lifestyle that he
taught, i have been able to escape the shackles of institutionalized
ignorance that enslaves our churches, our schools, our universities and our
government.   

a prophetic
voice: being an american means the acknowledgement that man
has rights founded in principles of spiritual freedom. yet, those who call
themselves americans have closed their eyes and permitted these god-given rights
to be perverted, crushed, and prostrated.   folly has reigned in the
place of reason -- imbecility has reigned instead of thought -- vice has reigned
instead of virtue -- ignorance has reigned instead of knowledge -- and bigotry
has reigned instead of benevolence! thus, the highest, holiest and sublimest
powers of man have been repressed and distorted by the degrading shackles of
vice, ignorance and counterfeit government that has long ago usurped its
constitutional limitations.   reason is a gift from our creator-god
which is bestowed only upon man -- and it is the duty and obligation of
reasonable men to hold dominion where the above evils have reigned.  
as the offspring of the most high god, it is out birthright to become unchained
and free from the prison of secularism and sectarian darkness -- and as examples
to the other peoples of the world, by example we are obligated to usher in the vestiges
of light of truth in the environment of liberty and freedom. 



the
questions of life

how
many of us have posed the question: why is life unfair?  why would god
permit the many atrocities of life to happen?  why are so many people
starving?  why does evil exist?  why are innocent people always the
victim?   why does bad things happen to good people?  why
me?  why does it seem that the good die young, and the evil live
on?   and though it may sound strange, while the answers to these
questions exist, few people want to know the reasons and causes of the disproportionate
unfairness of what they see -- or the fact that it is within their power to
change their circumstances of life.   and while it would be difficult
for the majority of people to ask god directly, there is an emissary who was
sent by god to answer your questions -- and this emissary at one time lived as
the brother of yeshua/jesus.   does this sound
preposterous?   i expect that the atheist, the fundamentalist, and the
far left and right will immediately reject such an assertion that they would
view as outlandish and absurd!   and yet, while the reality of this
statement it true, each persons response will depend more upon their own state
of mind and the system of beliefs that has molded their own
thinking.   because while there is an answer for every question that
can be asked -- few people desire to know the truth, because they only accept
answers that conform to their beliefs about life, and they are simply not
willing to open their minds to man's own higher reality.   and while
this may sound strange, the stark reality of the situation is seen in the fact
that while basically everyone, every religion, and every philosophy, all contain
fragments of truth, many ultimate reality is so far beyond his natural
perception, that the answers to life would appear more like science fiction than
what we learned in school or in our respective institutions of religion. 

in
actuality, we are on the cusp of a new reality that has in part been brought
about by the great technological advances that society has
undergone.   it is the dawn of a new day -- because in times past
people such as myself were easily silenced by both government and organized
religion -- but the tides of change has arrived, and i can now speak to you on a
world-wide bases.   in past times when myself and others were sent
into this world to teach, heal, and enlighten, we could only help the very few
-- but this limitation is no longer the case!   while in the past both
myself, and my disciples and fellow seekers, were often murdered, tortured and
slain by both the church, and the various governments, for the crime of teaching
people the truth and theway, at the present time we can reach out to you and
answer your questions in a straightforward, factual and truthful
manner.     so the only real question now is: do you want to
know?



who
      am i?  



access
the main site to find the answer



who
am i

at
the beginning of our common era, i lived as jacob who you call james.  
at that time i was known as the brother of yeshua/jesus, and i was the first and
primary leader of the new covenant movement known as theway (the way). 
this web site on law, and the coming destruction of america and the
constitution, is based upon my spiritual knowledge and understanding of the laws
that control life here on earth.   on this web site i pay particular
attention to the united states and the constitution, because both myself and the
original disciples of yeshua/jesus have entered into this world many times in
order to bring about changes for the good of mankind.  thus, as a group we
entered into life in the 1700's in order to change the course of men's lives in
this world, and form a government that was founded upon spiritual values and
structure where freedom, genuine knowledge and wisdom could
flourish.   as a group, we created a constitutional form of government
where man could draw closer to his own higher spiritual reality.   but
like the religion which today calls itself christian, man soon corrupted the
foundation of the constitution in much the same way the church is corrupted
today (see http://ebionite.com/prologue.htm
).  
 



   
the laws of nature and nature's god    







click
        icons

to
        access












the
        deists

and
        the laws


our constitutional founding
        fathers were deists and masons who understood the laws that control this
        world.  the writings of thomas paine formed the bedrock of our
        constitution.   paine was a deist, likely a mason like
        franklin, jefferson and washington and others who valued the masonic
        teachings on democracy, which often stemmed from the enlightenment
        thinkers in france and england -- men like rousseau and burke. but there
        was much about these men that is not understood today.  deists
        viewed the godhead as a divine intelligence that set the universe in
        motion and gives us freewill without interceding in human affairs -- and
        their pattern of life is drawn directly from the pages of the bible. 
        deists generally believe that human beings are naturally
        capable of experiencing the essence of god within, without the need for any
        intermediary priests, clergy or church. opposing any prince or king where one man is upheld above
        another by some inferred divine right, paine was decidedly anti-church,
        both protestant and catholic, and this is evidenced by his later writings.  





the
        ten

commandments

and
        the laws




judge moore is the alabama supreme court
        justice who refused to remove a monument of the ten commandments from
        the supreme court building.   and while judge moore is
        condemned as a fundamentalist christian who is attempting to involve
        government in religious affairs, what i will demonstrate is that judge
        moore is the embodiment of the laws that have developed and protected
        this nation and made it the light to the world in which it has been for
        over 200 years.   those men of wisdom who formed our
        constitutional government would say to the people today: "o my people, they which lead thee cause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths... my people have gone into captivity, because they have no
        knowledge" (isa 3:12; 5:13).  our
        forefathers who were deists, knew and understood the laws -- i.e., how
        both people and governments are controlled by the laws of nature and
        nature's god.   if we ignorantly reject and condemn the laws
        that judge moore embodies, we will in effect invoke other laws that will
        condemn the american people to a future that will be the opposite of
        freedom and liberty.   it is time for all americans to know
        what our forefathers knew, so they will be given the opportunity to make
        an informed choice with respect to their own future -- not only in this
        life, but in lives to come.





these
        are the times that try

men's
        souls



the
        laws - why does bad 

things
        happen to

good
        people?


these are the times that try men's souls:
        thomas paine would repeat these immortal words as much today as he did
        when our nation was being formed.   moreover, the threat is as
        great today as when he rallied the nation to the cause of freedom,
        liberty, and the (god-given) rights of man!  and in the same way
        that paine was critical of christians in his day, he would today
        demonstrate that the complacency of the church has caused the downfall
        of our constitutional rights that are god-given.  and while there
        are few christian voices such as judge roy moore who have championed
        states rights as enumerated in the constitution and the rights of man,
        judge moore is himself looked upon as a right-wing fanatic by many
        mainstream churches who have been compromised and severed from their
        spiritual essence.   moreover, i will demonstrate that a line
        has been drawn, and those who remain complacent or even against the
        original intent of the constitution, will loose these unalienable rights
        in the future. 





religion
        is

limiting



spirituality
        is the goal

the
        alpha to the omega



the lost religion of these united states:
        the united states is not a christian
        nation.  as a spiritual nation, the constitution was intended not
        only to save the people from the strangling limitations of christianity
        and most other manmade religion, but also the secular theocratic
        government that presently is in power over the sovereign rights of the
        people.   our present form of government is as
        unconstitutional, as the churches it competes with and attempts to use
        counterfeit laws to suppress.   .   





the
        abridgement 


of
        self





self-destruction


by
        politics
we
are the government -- and the government is us.  the dissention and turmoil
that pervades the land at present, is merely representative of our own loss of
self.  unless we learn about our and re-establish the fundamentals of our constitution, and preserve the laws that have not only protected us, but have
created a thriving nation of freedom loving people, we will be a doomed people
        who are unworthy of the blood shed by our forefathers.  in times past american
visionaries have warned us not to become entangled in the wars and hostilities
of europe -- hostilities that have enveloped the continent since its
establishment.   yet, because these hostilities have taken on a new
form, we have failed to heed the warning of our own men of wisdom.  while a
different brand of fascism makes war upon the people of europe -- a war that
does not use guns, warplanes and traditional armament -- it remains true that in
the present conflict the people are being overcome and led into servitude and
subjugation.   and because the enemy crosses the ocean as wolves
dressed in sheepskins, we have failed to recognize the lethal force that has
made war upon us and enveloped every aspect of our lives. 





ballot-box

suicide



death
        by affiliation

and
        consensus
in violation of the first
        amendment, the united states has adopted a religious belief -- and a
        facto religion based upon liberal christian and secular humanist
        religious philosophy.  at present, the implementation and practice
        of this secular ordained religion is inhibiting the free exercise of
        more genuine expressions and models of religion.  the philosophical
        tenets of this religion is that (1) man is not accountable to god's law;
        (2) that the laws of man supercede those of god; (3) and that man has
        the power and authority to define the limitations of freedom and
        liberty, as well as religion, in accordance with his own needs.  in
        these united states today, a great number of people subscribe to all or
        various parts of this secular religion, which provides an umbrella under
        which people ascribing to what appears to be the color and pretense of
        calling themselves christian, jewish and muslim, exist in a counterfeit
        manner that is in truth government ordained religion.  that others
        are forced to ascribe to these government religious beliefs, while
        others are duped into their acceptance as being valid, is truly the
        gross suspension of all first amendment constitutional rights!





no
genuine follower of yeshua/jesus



 can vote democrat!  


satan
works through the democratic party to turn the children away from god -- and
bring them into servitude to the demonic forces of darkness.  speaking of
the children yeshua warned: "it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend one of these little
ones"  (luke 17:2
        kjv).   those who offend or stumble a child, will bring the severest
of judgments upon themselves.   further, the present-day doctrine that
those who call upon the lord will be saved regardless of what they do in their
lives, is a grave lie, as seen in the words: "not everyone who says to me, 'lord, lord,' shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of my father in heaven.
many will say to me in that day, 'lord, lord, have we not prophesied in your name, cast out demons in your name, and done many wonders in your name?'
and then i will declare to them, 'i never knew you; depart from me, you who practice lawlessness!'"

(matt 7:21-23 nkj).   that there are those in the church who tell you
otherwise, and are themselves deceived by the devil, as it is warned:
"for false christs and false prophets will rise and show great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the
elect" (matt 24:24 nkj).






the us has
        been conquered by an enemy from within. students of history know that
        our modern-day quasi-socialist government has very little in common with
        the constitution and vision of our nation's forefathers who shed their
        blood so we can be free. thomas jefferson warned us: "you seem to
        think that the supreme court is the ultimate arbiter of constitutional
        interpretation, a very dangerous doctrine indeed and one that would
        place us under the tyranny of an oligarchy." realizing that the
        constitutional fabric of our nation could not be diminished through the
        ballot box and the legislative branch of government, the enemies of
        freedom and liberty employed judicial activist judges to usurp the
        constitution by judicial fiat - which is when the judicial branch of
        government oversteps its constitutional limits. to the left leaning
        intellectuals who dominated our universities and secular institutions,
        god was not only dead, but the product of superstition that should be
        relegated to our nation's past. the enemy of our nation knew that to
        destroy america, you had to first undermine both its moral foundation
        and the belief in god.  while a large part of our nation has
        been overcome, the last intact segment of original constitutional
        thought where the battle of freedom and liberty is presently being
        fought is in the south! still possessing a moral fiber, the people in
        this region of the country have come to realize that when they vote
        democratic in local elections, they are empowering the enemy of freedom,
        liberty, the rights of man and god!





will you reap what you
        sow? will
you be counted with the goats on the left hand who are deprived of life due to
the manner in which you lived your life, or will you enter into the glory of
your heavenly father.   while many would on the surface conclude that
myself and mother teresa have little in common from a doctrinal perspective --
she being a devout roman catholic and my claim to being the reincarnation of the
brother of yeshua/jesus -- while our missions in life are very different, we
share a common essence to our thoughts with respect to entering the
kingdom.   what does it mean to love -- especially to love our
children.  









 



index
of subjects
 




our forefathers knew the laws of
      nature's god




the pattern of mind - 12 segregated
      spheres functioning in harmony




socialism brings degeneracy of mind




the constitution - the balance of
      mind - the need for absolute segregation




the deists - the enlightenment -
      the knowledge of the divine intelligence 




the people embody laws




judge roy moore and the laws of
      nature




america will inherit a
      stalinist/castro type of government




why bad things happen to good
      people




by law, we create the world in
      which we dwell




our constitutional forefathers -
      men of reason and divine knowledge




the true genus with which our
      constitution is imbued




the united states is not a
      christian nation




the secular theocracy and the death
      of the nation







 



other
major web sites
 
 



the
essence of theway

yeshua/jesus
did not come to promote belief in the messiah/christ - neither did he come to
promote the worship of messiah/christ - yeshua/jesus came to teach the people theway to
become messiah/christ, and fulfill the vision of a kingdom of priests and a holy
nation of anointed (messiah/christ) disciples who are set aside for the service
of the most high god that yeshua taught was the father of all of mankind. the
path of theway could not be walked by many jews because they were carnal in
their perception of the law (torah), and could not use the key of knowledge to
open the inner door to the kingdom.  in like manner, the majority of the roman and greek followers who were too pagan to embrace the
teachings of yeshua, were not interested in a life of genuine change and
spiritual transformation, so they made jesus their god so they didn't have to
pick up their own cross and follow in theway. thus, the church itself betrayed
and crucified messiah/christ when it immersed itself in the way of the heathen,
and worshiped the messenger instead of imitating the pattern and example that
yeshua set as the required standard for all those who called upon the name of
the lord. the good news is that once you understand and are willing to live in
accordance with the original teachings of the new covenant, the promise is that
you will know the truth for yourself as you are permitted entrance into the
kingdom within you (lk 17:20-21).






 





jacob@brotherofyeshua.com

click
icon



if
you are in search of spiritual truth

then
join our nazirene disciple of theway discussion group





main
websites

the
below web sites are written in the name of allan cronshaw, which is my birth
name in this present life.   the manner in which these other web sites
are composed is very different than on this one -- wherein, on these other web
sites there is an attempt to document and demonstrate every proof and concept of
theway using a multitude of resources and biblical verses -- while on this web
site there is no other authority than jacob writing to you as the brother of
yeshua who was the leader of the hebrew/christian movement of theway.  
in the recently discovered gospel
of thomas it is written: (12) the disciples said to jesus,   "we know
that you will depart from us. who is to be our leader?" jesus said to them,
"wherever you are, you are to go to james the righteous, for whose sake
heaven and earth came into being."   so to once again
  restore the teachings of theway which is today known as christianity, the lord
  has sent jacob/james, the brother of yeshua/jesus, back into the world in
  order to guide the faithful flock into the truth, the light, and the kingdom
  within (luke 17:20-21).   it is there that my brother yeshua/jesus
  awaits you.

the
above warning with respect to the predicted corruption of yeshua's teachings is further stated in the
first century writings known today as the
clementine recognitions where it is written: "our
lord and prophet, who hath sent us, declared to us that the wicked one, having
disputed with him forty days, and having prevailed nothing against him, promised
that he would send apostles from amongst his subjects, to deceive. 
wherefore, above all, remember to shun apostle or teacher or prophet who does
not first accurately compare his preaching with that of james, who was called
the brother of my lord, and to whom was entrusted to administer the church of
the hebrews in jerusalem, — and that even though he come to you with
witnesses: lest the wickedness which disputed forty days with the lord, and
prevailed nothing, should afterwards, like lightning falling from heaven upon
the earth, send a preacher to your injury, as now he has sent simon upon us,
preaching, under pretense of the truth, in the name of the lord, and sowing
error. wherefore he who hath sent us, said, ‘many shall come to me in sheep’s
clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. by their fruits ye shall know
them.’" 

again
it is warned by clement: "wherefore
observe the greatest caution, that you believe no teacher, unless he bring from
jerusalem the testimonial of james the lord’s brother, or of whosoever may
come after him. for no one, unless he has gone up thither, and there has been
approved as a fit and faithful teacher for preaching the word of christ, —
unless, i say, he brings a testimonial thence, is by any means to be received.
but let neither prophet nor apostle be looked for by you at this time, besides
us. for there is one true prophet, whose words we twelve apostles preach"

as
predicted, the ministers of satan have succeeded in altering the teachings of my
brother yeshua, and continue to lead many into the abyss of
darkness.   but have no fear my brothers and sisters, for the
teachings of theway has been restored so that you might be able to overcome the
darkness, and enter the kingdom of light within you (luke
17:20-21). 
 





click
      icon

to
      access












the brother
      of yeshua/jesus: 
2000 years
      ago i lived as jacob who many all james, and i was known as the brother of
      yeshua and the first leader of the new covenant movement of theway which
      is today known as christianity.  i was sent back into the world to
      restore the teachings of my brother yeshua to their original spiritual
      essence, and to guide you in theway that is "narrow" so
      you will be able to open the "strait gate" within
      you and enter the kingdom that yeshua declared must be attained through
      the second birth.








the ebionite
      homepage: if you call
      yourself a christian, jew, messianic believer, evyonim, nazarene or
      muslim, then it is imperative that you learn of the ebionites who are
      true spiritual israel -- they are the  poor ones  to the ways and
      thinking of this world -- the ebionites were the israelites of the
      nazirene vow they are/were the genuine disciples of yeshua/jesus who are
      in the world and not of it! 






the nazirene
      homepage: the original
      spiritual teachings of yeshua/jesus as practiced by the people of the way
      who where known historically as the essenes, ebionites, and nazirenes. the
      teachings of the way are spiritual -- and provide a means to open the 
      "strait gate" into the kingdom while still physically alive in
      the body/vessel.






the light of yeshua -- the
      messianic nazirene
      disciple of theway: while
      many teach that believers are saved by faith, the journey of the disciple
      of yeshua is one of absolute dedication to the way. the disciple who
      becomes a brother to yeshua must live as he lived, and become a nazirene
      who is consecrated and wholly set apart as they walk the narrow way, enter
      into the kingdom through the strait gate, and learn directly from the l-rd
      -- the one rabbi and teacher of the mysteries of g-d.




theway of the nazirene
      rings homepage: this is the
      ring home page of theway of the nazirene. it will provide you with a
      listing of all the nazirene rings, and a brief description of the
      importance of walking in the way and entering the kingdom of god before
      physical death occurs. come visit and learn the essence of the teachings
      of jesus/yeshua that were lost by the institutionalized church.






the long island mystic and
      nazirene disciple of theway:  
the
      organizational homepage of the nazirene -- the long island mystic,
      evangelical minister, and prophet of theway -- who god bestowed upon him
      the gift of the recall of his previous life as a disciple and brother of
      messiah/christ -- and thus has re-entered this world at the present time
      in order to restore the spiritual essence and teachings of his master,
      yeshua/jesus. the kingdom is within! and we must sojourn the narrow path
      of theway, enter the "strait gate" to the inner spiritual
      temple, while still alive in the physical body.  thus, modern
      christians have misunderstood the words of yeshua -- he never said that we
      must physically die to enter the edenic kingdom of origination -- but
      rather, we must die to the culture, mindset and ways of this world in
      order to enter the kingdom! 





being of light:
who are we?  what are we? from where have we
      come?  what is our destiny?  to the demise of those who read these words, only a handful of people today can answer these all-important crucial questions correctly!    the rest dwell under the cloud of unknowing -- and if you think you are the person whose reflection you see in the mirror, then you are a stranger to your true self and have made yourself part of the illusion of this world.   with great wisdom yeshua/jesus is quoted in the books of the savior, also known as pistis sophia (faith-wisdom): "do not cease seeking day or night, and do not let yourselves relax until you have found all the mysteries of the kingdom of light, which will purify you and make you into pure light and lead you into the kingdom of light."





 gospel of the nazirenes
      -- gospel of light: what did the gospels look
      like before being edited and re-written by the church of rome? what were
      the original beliefs of the first followers of yeshua? you will be
      astonished when you read a surviving text of the gospel of the nazirenes
      which was hidden away from the corrupters of the roman church. are you
      ready for a truly enlightening experience?





epistle of light - epistle
      of james to pope john paul ii: 2000
      years ago i lived as jacob the brother of jesus known as james. i was sent
      back to bring about the restoration of the church, and the within letter
      to pope john paul is important for you to read and forward. the pope has
      the power to bring peace on earth if he releases certain early christian
      documents that are in his possession. jesus is calling out to you to help
      make the truth known! will you hear the call?





the gate of eden:
      why were the nazirene/ebionites vegetarian? 
        why did they live in accordance with the precepts of the
        torah/law?  why did they live separate and apart from both jews and
        christians?  the answer is very simple: the gate of eden is within
        us, and if we fail to enter therein while we are still physically alive
        in the body, we will have failed in our opportunity to enter into
        life.  and while it can be countered that we are saved by our
        belief in messiah/christ, faith, or the blood of the lamb, the truth is
        that if we were truly faithful disciples of theway, that we would
        experience the opening of the inner door and the kingdom coming within
        us.  the gateofeden article explores all aspects of the need to
        pick up one's own cross and follow the narrow path that leads to the
        inner gate to the edenic kingdom of origination.





institutionalized
      ignorance of man jesus was a mystic, and he
      taught us how to walk the spiritual path of theway.   paul warned that
      it is impossible for natural man without spiritual transformation to know the
      truth -- and he will look upon the mysteries of god as "foolishness"!  
      in vain believers read the bible -- attend colleges and universities -- or
      read philosophical theories.  there is only one source of knowledge
      that nourishes us with the enlightening manna from heaven.   the
      true church is spiritual, is within us, and can only be entered by the few
      who dedicate and surrender their lives to theway of light. everyone else
      embraces error - institutionalized error - in church, school and every
      other aspect of life












 
 


 

 
 


 
 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 

 






free search engine submission and placement services!
 
 
 
 



