












































































pickens county school district | home



skip to contentstudentsparentscommunity resourcesstaff portalsearch sitepickens county schoolsstudentsparentscommunity resourcesstaff portalsearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallerywelcome to  pickens county  school districtwelcome to  pickens county  school districtend of galleryboard of educationevents calendarfree & reduced meal application2024-25 bus service requestjob opportunitiesschool nutrition informationnew student registrationpress releasesprogramsacademicsat pickens county school district (pcsd), we are dedicated to our mission to educate our students in a safe and fiscally responsible environment. we also are committed to our vision of "graduation and life preparation for all" and that all students will learn to their full potential. 

we know that a high school diploma is critical for today’s students, but a diploma alone is not enough to ensure success after high school. with that in mind, our goal is to ensure that all pcsd students are prepared to pursue their chosen paths — whether they are enrolled, enlisted, or employed — and to succeed on those paths after high school.reverse slideradvance slideracademicsat pickens county school district (pcsd), we are dedicated to our mission to educate our students in a safe and fiscally responsible environment. we also are committed to our vision of "graduation and life preparation for all" and that all students will learn to their full potential. 

we know that a high school diploma is critical for today’s students, but a diploma alone is not enough to ensure success after high school. with that in mind, our goal is to ensure that all pcsd students are prepared to pursue their chosen paths — whether they are enrolled, enlisted, or employed — and to succeed on those paths after high school.athleticspickens county school district offers a robust athletics program. through athletics, students learn essential life skills such as teamwork, self-discipline, self-confidence, hard work and fair play. these programs promote physical and mental wellness,  positive self-image, and students typically have higher grade-point averages, better attendance records, lower dropout rates and fewer discipline problems.code of conductin addition to academic preparation, schools are responsible for instilling in our youth the behaviors that are required to sustain society. to achieve this, pickens county school district has identified what is acceptable and unacceptable behavior in our code of conduct. please be sure to familiarize yourself with our code of conduct and sign and return the “acknowledgement and consent form” to your child’s school. school calendarson december 14, 2023 the board of education approved the 2024-2025 and 2025-2026 school calendars. 

pcsd utilizes a “balanced calendar” with the school year, 180 days of instruction, beginning august 1 (or the first monday in august if that falls on a weekend) and augmented with five break periods throughout the year.  the school year ends at or around memorial day, with june and july off.  strategic planthe pickens county school district’s commitment to our students has never been stronger. the board of education set out four goals to guide our school district’s work as outlined in our 2023-2028 strategic plan. while we are a district of continuous improvement in all areas, the board’s established priorities allow us to accelerate success in key areas that will most positively affect our students in school and in life.athleticspickens county school district offers a robust athletics program. through athletics, students learn essential life skills such as teamwork, self-discipline, self-confidence, hard work and fair play. these programs promote physical and mental wellness,  positive self-image, and students typically have higher grade-point averages, better attendance records, lower dropout rates and fewer discipline problems.code of conductin addition to academic preparation, schools are responsible for instilling in our youth the behaviors that are required to sustain society. to achieve this, pickens county school district has identified what is acceptable and unacceptable behavior in our code of conduct. please be sure to familiarize yourself with our code of conduct and sign and return the “acknowledgement and consent form” to your child’s school. school calendarson december 14, 2023 the board of education approved the 2024-2025 and 2025-2026 school calendars. 

pcsd utilizes a “balanced calendar” with the school year, 180 days of instruction, beginning august 1 (or the first monday in august if that falls on a weekend) and augmented with five break periods throughout the year.  the school year ends at or around memorial day, with june and july off.  strategic planthe pickens county school district’s commitment to our students has never been stronger. the board of education set out four goals to guide our school district’s work as outlined in our 2023-2028 strategic plan. while we are a district of continuous improvement in all areas, the board’s established priorities allow us to accelerate success in key areas that will most positively affect our students in school and in life.find uspickens county schools100 d.b. carroll streetjasper, ga 30143706-253-1700schoolspickens county schoolspickens high schoolpickens junior high schooljasper middle schoolharmony elementary schoolhill city elementary schooltate elementary schoolathleticsstay connectedpickens county school district does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, or age in admission to its programs, services,                                    or activities, in access to them, in treatment of individuals, or in any aspect of their operations.copyright © 2025 pickens county schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more



