anotherthink            home
essays on faith
movies, books, music
about
contact

postscommentsanother thinkone christian's view of postmodern life.i’m movingnovember 15, 2024 by charlie leave a commenti've been blogging on this site for 20 years, and over that time have written about 750 posts. there are many technical necessities in having a blog, and while those things were interesting in the early days, now i find i'd rather not be hassled with the back-end stuff — i just want to ... continue readingfiled under: essays on faithmy heart conditionseptember 18, 2024 by charlie leave a commentbecause his heart was hard, pharaoh refused to let the people leave, just as the lord had predicted through moses. — exodus 9:35 (niv)i just did a quick calculation and if i'm right, my heart has beat more than 3 billion times since i was born. i have a strong heart, a stout heart, a ... continue readingfiled under: essays on faithboot campseptember 11, 2024 by charlie leave a commentso we do not lose heart. though our outer self is wasting away, our inner self is being renewed day by day. for this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison, as we look not to the things that are seen but to the things that are unseen. for the ... continue readingfiled under: essays on faithunanswered questionsseptember 10, 2024 by charlie leave a commentmac sledge: i don't know why i wandered out to this part of texas drunk, and you took me in and pitied me and helped me to straighten out, married me. why? why did that happen? is there a reason that happened? and sonny's daddy died in the war, my daughter killed in an automobile accident. ... continue readingfiled under: essays on faithwhen everything changesaugust 16, 2024 by charlie 2 commentsallison: everything looks the same here. nothing's changed, don't you think?bill: no, ally, i don't. it all looks different to me. i don't hardly recognize it any more.stillwater, 2021there are moments in life when it feels like the earth tilts, when something so radical happens that ... continue readingfiled under: essays on faithwhat’s your credit score?august 8, 2024 by charlie leave a commentfaith was credited to abraham for righteousness.... he did not waver in unbelief at god's promise but was strengthened in his faith and gave glory to god, because he was fully convinced that what god had promised, he was also able to do. —romans 4:9b,20 (csb)i'm old enough to remember taking my ... continue readingfiled under: essays on faithremembering is hardjuly 15, 2024 by charlie leave a commenttoday was my son's 44th birthday. in all those years we never missed a chance to gather around the table, to eat favorite foods and to celebrate the gift of another year together. but this year was different, because he's gone, forever. no new memories. no new adventures. his voice has been stilled. ... continue readingfiled under: essays on faithinside outjune 28, 2024 by charlie leave a commentthe sirens began wailing a little after 8pm, warning the community that conditions were ripe for tornadoes. it was a first for me. it made me a bit nervous. the house was already trembling from high winds, rain was blowing sideways, and it was full dark outside. then the lights went out.the ... continue readingfiled under: essays on faithnext page »facebooktwittercategoriescategoriesselect categorybeyond the shire  (72)   daily scribe  (3)   godblog conference 2006  (1)discovering god  (122)essays on faith  (287)   apostle’s creed  (6)french connections  (2)humor  (41)mental health  (21)movies, books, music  (84)persons of interest  (48)   ben witherington  (4)   bonnie lindblom  (3)   catez stevens  (8)   dan knudsen  (2)   david wayne  (6)   jeff rohlwing  (2)   joe carter  (4)   mark daniels  (12)   mark ritter  (3)   matthew lee anderson  (3)   rachel barenblat  (3)   roger overton  (1)   skye puppy  (1)photography  (25)politics  (96)   abortion  (12)   immigration policy  (14)   stem cell research  (1)post-modern culture  (127)random acts of blogging  (121)vocabulary  (13)
 creditsgraphic design by thomas rubarthawards8 three times i pleaded with the lord to take it away from me. 9 but he said to me, “my grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” therefore i will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that christ’s power may rest on me.
1 corinthians 12:8-9 (niv)return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 ·prose · genesis framework by studiopress · wordpress. anotherthink by charles lehardy is licensed under a creative commons license.    