


















hectorol® (doxercalciferol) injection | official site



























open navigation




hectorol injection prescribing information
healthcare professionals
for u.s. residents only


 




home


about the disease: shpt in ckd

role of vitamin d

about hectorol

taking hectorol

managing shpt in ckd


glossary


healthcare professionals







welcome to hectorol® (doxercalciferol) injection



about the disease
learn about shpt in ckd and the role of vitamin d.   view now  



about hectorol

hectorol injection is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism (shpt) in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (ckd) on dialysis.1
learn more  



managing shpt in ckd
find out important steps you can take to help manage your disease. 
view now  



injection prescribing information 




contact us

sanofi us 

 toll free: 800-981-2491








indication

            hectorol injection is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis.
        
important safety information


                you should not take hectorol if you have a history of abnormally high calcium blood levels (hypercalcemia) or if you have very high vitamin d levels.
            

                do not take hectorol injection if you are allergic to doxercalciferol or any of the ingredients in hectorol injection.
            
overdosage of any form of vitamin d is dangerous and may require emergency attention.
before taking hectorol, tell your doctor if you have ever had an irregular heartbeat or seizure, or if you are taking any digitalis drugs.
do not take other vitamin d related drugs if you are currently taking hectorol.
it is important for anyone taking hectorol to talk to their doctor before taking any non-prescription drugs or magnesium-containing antacids, supplements and herbal preparations and to adhere to instructions about following a low phosphorus diet and calcium supplementation.
your doctor should monitor your calcium, phosphorus and pth levels.

                serious allergic reactions (including fatal outcome) have been reported in patients on hemodialysis after hectorol injection. hectorol injection can cause allergic reactions including life-threatening allergic reactions (anaphylaxis) with symptoms of swelling of the face, lips, tongue and airways, low blood pressure, unresponsiveness, chest
                discomfort, shortness of breath, and cardiac arrest. before taking hectorol injection, it is importantto tell your doctor if you had any allergic reactions to hectorol injection in the past.
            
tell your doctor if you experience symptoms of hypercalcemia such as weakness, headache, drowsiness, nausea, vomiting, dry mouth, constipation, muscle pain, bone pain,metallic taste and loss of appetite.
the main side effects of treatment with hectorol injection are hypercalcemia, hyperphosphatemia, and over suppression of pth. your doctor may ask you questions to see if you are experiencing any symptoms related to these conditions.
during treatment, your doctor may change your dose of hectorol as well as the dose ofyour phosphate binder.
common side effects seen in hectorol-treated patients on dialysis were swelling,headache, ill feeling, nausea/vomiting, dizziness, shortness of breath, itching and slowheartbeat.
tell your doctor if you are pregnant or nursing.
this drug should be used with caution if you have impaired liver function.

please click here for hectorol injection full prescribing information.
click here to learn more about sanofi's commitment to fighting counterfeit drugs.
if you are a patient experiencing problems with a sanofi u.s. product, please contact sanofi u.s. at 1-800-633-1610.

            the health information contained herein is provided for general education purposes only. your healthcare professional is
            the single best source of information regarding your health. please consult your healthcare professional if you have any
            questions about your health or treatment.
        



        references:
        
hectorol injection pi/p 1/para 3




contact us

sanofi us
        

toll free: 800-981-2491
        





home
about the disease: shpt in ckd
about hectorol
managing shpt in ckd
glossary
site map


            © 2024 sanofi-aventis u.s. llc.
            
            all rights reserved.
            
              hectorol is a registered trademark of genzyme corporation.
legal disclaimer information,
            
privacy policy, 
consumer health data privacy policy, 
cookie policy,
cookie settings and 
contact sanofi
            this site is intended for use by
            
           u.s. residents only.
            
            mat-us-2006752-v3.0-01/2024

            






important safety information
            you should not take hectorol if you have a history of abnormally high calcium blood levels (hypercalcemia) or if you have very high vitamin d levels. view more









;


