







home - tennessee dar

























































		skip to content








 





main menu
 


home
tennessee darmenu toggle

who we are
tennessee chapters
historic sites
officers
gallery


become a membermenu toggle

junior members
why join?


scholarshipsmenu toggle

ellen rodgers / zachariah davies
tsdar american history
tsdar scholarship
chaffin hands of service
military service
nsdar scholarships


awards and contestsmenu toggle

american history essay contest
dar good citizens
junior american citizens
tennessee history
outstanding teacher – american history
community service awards
nsdar essay contests


educational resourcesmenu toggle

america 250!
classroom grants – helen pouch memorial
constitution week
dar manual for citizenship
flag and flag code
flag of tennessee
honoring our patriots
tennessee period room
tennessee patriot paths
nsdar museum
nsdar educational resources



contactcontact 
 

 
 







 














learn more















the tennessee society (tsdar) of the national society daughters of the american revolution (nsdar or dar), is a nonprofit, non-political women’s service organization dedicated to preserving american history, securing america’s future through education, and fostering patriotism.




my purpose is that they may be encouraged in heart and united in love. colossians 2:2


on behalf of the tennessee society daughters of the american revolution (tsdar), welcome to our website! over 6,800 members in 94 chapters across the state of tennessee are ready to help eligible women become members. our members actively promote patriotism, education, and historic preservation, and we enjoy fellowship with other women as we make an impact in our communities.
we are part of the national society daughters of the american revolution (nsdar or dar), which is a non-profit, non-political volunteer women’s service organization. dar was founded in 1890 by a group of bold women who wanted to express their patriotism and perpetuate the memory of their american revolutionary war ancestors. since then, more than one million women have become members, and currently there are over 190,000 members worldwide.
thank you for your interest in our organization. please explore this website and learn more about the work of our society. we hope that you will be inspired to join us as we put our volunteer hearts in action!
emily robinson
tennessee state regent








are you descended from an american revolutionary war ancestor?
with nearly 100 tennessee chapters, we have a volunteer genealogist ready to help you.

     learn more     





the content contained herein does not necessarily represent the position of the nsdar. hyperlinks to other sites are not the responsibility of the nsdar, the state organizations or individual dar chapters.




 







 

follow us 

 

 stock photos courtesy of unsplash

 



 last updated: march 5, 2023

 









nsdar links dar.org
today’s dar
american spirit magazine
youtube
facebook
twitter

 

contact the webmaster 






























