



 :: huki outriggers, surfskis and surfboards



















 
 
 
 



 
     





home

design tool

quote form

boats

outriggers

oc-1

v1-a
v1-b
v1-r
v1-x
v1-z
v1 prices


oc-2

v2-a
v2-x
v2-z
v2 prices




surf ski

single

s1-x special
s1-xl
s1-a
s1-r
s1-x
s1-z
s1 prices


double

s2-x
s2-xm
s2 prices




sup

sup

14 all conditions
14 flat conditions
sup prices




dragon boat

single

d1-x
d1 prices


double



gull wing



bargains

outrigger bargains

surfski bargains

sup bargains

dragonboat bargains

other bargains



ideas

boat care and maintenance

rudder cable installation

attaching bungee loops and venturies

testing for leaks



strategy

drafting and wake riding

oc-1 sprint start

powering up



technique

flying the ama

wave surfing

navigating through currents



other

oc-1 rigging

oc-2 rigging

general safety

innovations

paddle construction



shipping

wing crate

sonatube



links



online store
contact us












contact

huki is made in california, usa
call 8am-8pm pst(916) 730-5833
email
jude@huki.com

huki online store



gull wing



bargains






outrigger models







surfski models










sup models




dragonboat models



services




 






huki outrigger canoes and surfskis
please visit our online store for parts & accessories.
huki builds custom high performance outrigger canoes and surfskis in california, and we are currently the only such factory in north america. choose from our many one or two-person outrigger canoes and surfski models. we have these models already in stock and ready to ship.
we offer a variety of composites to fit your needs for weight, durability and budget.
design your custom colors and graphics using our design tool or create your own unique design to be hand-crafted by our master builders. complete your boat with a variety of attached accessories in only a couple weeks.
huki means pull in hawaiian and is sometimes shouted by steerspeople as a command to commence paddling at the start of a race.








v2-x two person outrigger canoes
  
                
the v2-x two person outrigger canoe races in all conditions from glassy flat to open ocean. 24 feet long.
existing stock is listed on the outrigger bargains page. custom orders can be built in 2 weeks, and we sell factory direct to anywhere in the world.

 >>>click here to view the v2-x page<<<









announcing, newly redesigned s2-xm
  
                  
                
we’ve redesigned our s2-x from nose to tail, top to bottom, to keep up with the paddling talent of our growing sport and to provide a mid-sized surfski for average and small size people. we placed a sharper ridge to the fore deck, and a sharp v bottom on the fore hull. 
				the deck and hull come to meet tightly at a fine leading edge on the drop nose stem that slopes forward more than our previous plumb bow. the whole cockpit has been redesigned and repositioned. 
				the footwell now has added room for thick booties, there is a taller heel plate, and lower rounded ridge between seat & footwell. the catch zone is even narrower than previous and gunwales along the seat have been lowered to better spill water and allow easier remount. 
				the aft deck is slightly more crowned and the mid through aft hull slightly fuller for surfing big seas and added stability. the rudder post is in the same aggressive position and you can fit all our ten interchangeable rudders including kickup rudder.
36 lbs in premium vac'd fiberglass!!!!  31 lbs in vac'd carbon/kevlar!!!.
the feel is more control, much greater stability, increased speed and less pearling in all conditions, especially when charging the swell in front of you.
pricing structure is the same as all our surfskis, and we sell factory direct without dealers anywhere in the world.

 >>>click here to view the s2-xm web page<<<

  
                  
                









announcing, the s1-xl
  
                  
                
we’ve designed our s1-xl.
26 lbs in premium vac'd fiberglass!!!!  22.5 lbs in vac'd carbon/kevlar!!!.
the feel is more control, much greater stability, same speed and less pearling in all conditions, especially when charging the swell in front of you.
pricing structure is the same as all our surfskis, and we sell factory direct without dealers anywhere in the world.

 >>>click here to view the s1-xl web page<<<








introducing the new generation s1-x, low volume unlimited surfski.
  
                
  
                
newest version of the s1-x series, to replace the original s1-x.  moderate volume, rough water peformance for mid-small framed people, stability of the original s1-x, 
				improvement on speed, greatly anti pearl.  aft-body and cockpit are the same as the recently revised s1-x special, gunwales and fore-body are lowered significantly.  
				carries the new styling theme found with the new s1-x special and s1-xl
i introduced this surfski at the 2012 us surfski championships doing the short course on her myself on august 4th and she performed fabulously.
increased speed and less pearling in all conditions, excellent in light conditions and great with moderate weight paddlers in rough.
pricing structure is the same as all our surfskis, and we sell factory direct without dealers anywhere in the world.

 >>>click here to view the web page<<<















 

huki design tool


huki price quote



featured items



safety tips



race links








huki events calendar


huki action videos

click to view videoview entire video collection

visit us on facebook



news archive
2006
2007
2008
2009


 



  | home |-


  copyright © 2012 huki.   all rights reserved.
 



 


