
























world crossbow shooting association inc






 
			







home
page of honour
wcsa history

wcsa officers
constitution and the competition & shooting rules
calendar
results
records & rankings
officials page
coaches corner
media.
news.
types of events
types of bows

target faces

sponsors
links
contact
how to join

//www.facebook.com/groups/worldcrossbow/

the paypal account name is:
accounts@worldcrossbow.com


 






















world crossbow shooting  association inc.
the world crossbow shooting association inc. (wcsa) is an international organisation representing the interests of target and open (sport) crossbow shooters around the world. medieval and 3d competitions are also encouraged.
for general correspondence, you should contact the secretary general.
the mailing address for wcsa is:

secretary general
												 
email: secretarygeneral@worldcrossbow.com











crossbownation.com

wcsa are working with crossbownation.com to establish a forum or chat room to enable members to communicate easier. click on the link to go to the site.




 welcome to the website of the 
world crossbow shooting association

world postal championship 2024

now we finally have a result for the world postal championship 2024! over 100 shooters around the world joined in the competition this year.  
so the result can be found on the result page: https://www.worldcrossbow.com/results.html

the medals are on the way to your federation for distribution.





mr vale clive barnett

wcsa has recently been advised that clive barnett passed away last year. clive emigrated from birmingham uk to live in western australia. he was a fireman and then a printer.
clive became an archer in perth and subsequently an archery australia judge. he then became a fita (now world archery) international judge who adjudicated at the olympic games (los angeles 1984). clive was also the director of shooting for the sydney olympic games and paralympic games. his international archery ij role ended after his 70th birthday.
clive took up the crossbow and became an iau international judge and after archery australia joined as a foundation member of wcsa he also became a wcsa ij.
clive was instrumental in the drafting of the initial wcsa shooting rules and was for a long time chairman of the judges committee.
clive adjudicated as a wcsa ij or as chair of judges for many world championships.
clive was awarded wcsa life membership in 2013.
clive’s contribution to the crossbow sport was significant and he will be greatly missed. he is survived by his wife yvonne and family.




mr yoshiaki sugiyama

mr yoshiaki sugiyama from japan died 25th of june 2024. yoshiaki shot in the senior's crossbow division in both wcsa and iau events.
												in wsca he took over the years totally 5 gold, 7 silver and 2 bronze medals in wcsa world championships.
												this is a huge loss for all the crossbow shooting world.


error notice
it has been brought to our attention that there is an error in the formulation of the kneeling round for medieval bows. the original invitation states that a single 40 cm target face is to be used. this is not correctt and he invitation is updated now.
the kneeling round is to be shot by medieval shooters using a 60 cm target face as is specified in wcsa general rules. our apologies for this mistake.
please note that this correction only applies to the kneeling round. the invitation for the indoor competition rightly states that a single 40 cm target face is to be used by medieval shooters.




11th wcsa world crossbow shooting championship



dear federation presidents and members of the wcsa, on behalf of archery australia and the 11th world crossbow organising committee, i extend an invitation for you to compete in the world crossbow shooting association, 11th world target championships to be held in rowland flat in the barossa valley, south australia from the 17 th – 24th march 2025 inclusive.
please encourage as many crossbow shooters as possible to attend and compete. even though they may not be in their nominated federation teams they are welcome to attend and compete as individual competitors. the range is big enough to accommodate 80 plus shooters at one time. this world target championship will be the first in many years to offer a complete program of events. ( target, matchplay, forest and bushland rounds.)
the organising committee have decided that the event will not be cancelled if there happens to be a shortage of competitors but that it will go ahead with those who have entered.
we will ensure you of a very warm welcome and good competition in a memorable location.
we look forward to your entries and being able to welcome you to the famous barossa valley, south australia.
should you require any assistance please contact me.
regards, mark goodyer chairperson - organising committee


find the general info here
find the final entry form here





2024 postal championships, indoor and bpr
invitations are now available for the 2024 wcsa world email inodoor, bench, prone and kneeling championships. as per previous years john bingham will be facilitating this event
the indoor invitations can be found here.
the bench, prone & kneeling invitations can be found here. 
please note that all events used for the email competitions must be registered with wcsa. this can be done by informing the secretary general via email at secretarygeneral@worldcrossbow.com
for enquiries and entry information and results, please contact john bingham via email at toxmanagement@outlook.com





10th wcsa world crossbow shooting championship
next world championship will be held in agra, uttar pradesh in india. more information will come soon. 
schedule:
24th & 25th october - ground setup & team arrivals
26th october 2023 - team meeting & press conference + unofficial practice
27th october 2023 - unofficial practice & opening ceremony 
28th october 2023 - official practice & equipment control
29th october 2023 - target day 1 (tc 900/sc600/mc900) + (wcsa council meeting & dinner)
30th october 2023 - target day 2 (tc 900/sc600/mc900) + (medals distribution ceremony) 
31st october 2023 - individual target match play + medals distribution ceremony
1st november 2023 - team departure

for more info and registration se : info and registration

results day 1: (if you can not following link just copy it to a new window) 
 http://www.worldcrossbow.com/day1-23.pdf standard
medieval
target
freestyle





- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
please be advised that the organisation known as the crb international crossbow shooting association (icsa) is not recognised by the world crossbow shooting association inc (wcsa) and they have no association with wcsa.  furthermore, wcsa has no relationship with mr joshi parvej from that organisation. mr joshi was a wcsa judge but was expelled for unsatisfactory conduct.  also, he has never won medals at wcsa competitions.  claims by cb international about becoming part of the olympics movement are fanciful.  the sport of crossbow shooting is far to small to ever be a part of the olympic movement.

the india crossbow shooting association (icsa) is a member federation of wcsa and is the only organisation based in india that is recognised by wcsa.  we are concerned that the cbr international crossbow shooting association (icsa) has as part of their organisation’s name an acronym which some see as deceptively similar to the india crossbow shooting association (icsa).






10th wcsa world crossbow shooting championship
invitation.
												the executive of the world crossbow shooting association invites all members to participate in an anniversary indoor postal shoot to celebrate our 20 years as an association.
												 
timing: - september 16th and 17th 2023.
for more info:
invitation
event registration form
event result sheet
shooter´s score sheet





wcsa 2020(21) world postal championships results
the results for the wcsa 2020 (incl 21) world postal championships have been posted. they will be found on the results page
2022 wcsa world email indoor, bench, prone & kneeling championships update
invitations are now available for the 2022 wcsa world email inodoor, bench, prone and kneeling championships. as per previous years john bingham will be facilitating this event
the indoor invitations can be found here. the bench, prone & kneeling invitations can be found here.  
please note that all events used for the email competitions must be registered with wcsa. this can be done by informing stephen sommers via email at   secretarygeneral@worldcrossbow.com
for enquiries and entry information and results, please contact john bingham via email at toxmanagement@outlook.com
wcsa 2023 world target championships
unfortunately usa has had to withdraw their offer to host the 2023 wcsa world target championships due to their membership shrinking due to covid. once a new host has been secured you will be advised.
world crossbow shooting association now has new execitive committee
the wcsa now have a new full committee. 
executive committee members are:

president:                 gustav malmburg
1st vice president:     pat copley
2nd vice president:    andreas wernicke
secretary general:     stuart atkins
financial officer:        john clark
officials director:        stephen sommers
tech c'tee chair:        mark goodyer

tech c'tee member:   gustav malmburg, gunter wetzler

recorder:                   iris bingham
webmaster:                vacant

2019 wcsa world target championships
the 2019 (9th) world target championships have been held in ennigerloh germany. the results can be found on the results page
competitors from estonia, great britain, ireland, germany, australia, sweden and portugal competed in the target, matchplay. congratulations to all competitors.
a huge thank you to steffen wolfering, andreas wernicke and the crew for running a very well organised and successful championships.
medal tally is:

germany - 7 gold, 5 silver, 3 bronze
estonia -    6 gold, 5 silver, 5 bronze
gbr -       4 gold, 3 silver, 1 bronze
sweden - 3 gold, 3 silver, 5 bronze
australia - 2 gold
portugal - 2
japan -    0 gold, 1 silver, 1 bronze

momentum of bow data.
with the split of the sports bow into 2 divisions - standard & freestyle - the judges will need assistance with the bow classification.  a momentum calculator is provided to assist the judges. to access the calculator click    here  
momentum calculator for android devices click  here
momentum calculator for apple devices click  here
new scorecards
the technical committee at wcsa has developed new scorecard templates to assist competition organisors use a standard scorecard and results sheet. they can be downloaded via the shooting rules page.
john clark awarded wcsa life membership
at the conclusion of the 8th wcsa world target championsihips wcsa president, john bingham, awarded recently retired wcsa secretary general john clark the wcsa life membership. john clark was one of the driving forces behind wcsa being established and has been the general secretary for the 15 years since its formation.. 
wcsa wishes to congratulate john on his life membership and also thank him for his fantastic contribution to the smooth running of wcsa.

 
world crossbow confederation

the wcsa executive committee advises that we have absolutely no relationship whatsoever with an organisation known as the ' world crossbow confederation'. please be also advised that there is also no relationship between our sister organisation 'the international crossbow shooting union (iau) and the world crossbow confederation.
												wcsa is concerned that there is confusion between the names.

wcsa member federations, clubs and individuals are advised not to have any dealings with the world crossbow confederation.
												wcsa and the iau are maintaining a watching brief on the activities of the world crossbow confederation.

authorised by wcsa secretary general, john clark 3 january 2014
sports crossbow buttresses
i have been asked to publish documentation on making target buttresses for the sports crossbow. this document is from the organising committee that ran the 2011 world championships in adelaide australia. to review or download the document, please click here.

























ausbow industries
email:    sales@ausbow.com.au
website:    www.ausbow.com.au


email:  service@excaliburcrossbow.com
									website:    http://www.excaliburcrossbow.com



custom crossbows (nz)
email:  mrxbow@clear.net.nz



email:    wolfszeit1@hotmail.com
website:  www.excaliburcrossbowseurope.com




armborst-specialisten (founded 1969)
 

									(the crossbow specialist). competition crossbows manufacturer. 
“mickfield” the swedish pride. supplier of  pse, kodabow and the 
world´s safest crossbow cases with life time warranty.
e-mail:   m.skottlund@bahnhof.se   tel.+46 (0)736-74 05 74














