maine based. globally connected. - marshall communications        
   
 skip to main content
search
marshall communicationsmaine based. globally located.menuclose menupr & marketingpublic relationscontent marketingdigital marketingsocial mediamedia trainingpersonal brandingpodcastingadvertisingcrisis communicationswho we areawards & recognitionsfriends & partnersindustries servedtourism & outdoor recreationeconomic developmenteducationhealth careour workmedia placementsmedia roomour clientspress releasesour teamsocial feedstestimonialsour historythe marshall plan®pr maventhe pr maven podcastabout the pr maven® podcastwho is the pr maven?speaking engagements12-step processdeliverablestestimonialscontact the pr mavenmoreblogcareer opportunitiese-newsletterfrequently asked questionsresourceswebinarscontactcontact us today at:(207) 623-4177stay connected





(207) 623-4177
type and press “enter” to search

search for:




maine based. globally connected.
enthusiastically working with clients to identify targeted audiences, shape key messages, and create customized content that builds brands and generates results.marshall communications is a boutique marketing and public relations agency that has been working with clients and the media since its founding in 1991.maine based and globally connected, we bring maine to the world and the world to maine. our disciplined, strategic approach to marketing and pr has built brands through relationships and innovative storytelling for more than 30 years.please do not hesitate to reach out to any of us on our contact page or email services@marshallpr.com if there is anything we can do to help you.

our tagline is “maine based. globally connected.” some people have wondered why. watch this video to learn about our global roots.who we have worked withwe love our clients. we listen to their ideas, we take a personal interest in their success, and we take great pride in helping them achieve their vision.



check out full client list
sign up for our newslettersubscribe to receive our monthly marshall report, full of helpful information and tips on public relations, marketing, social media, personal branding and more.
email address  *


first name *

last name *
we use mailchimp as our marketing automation platform. by clicking below to submit this form, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to mailchimp for processing in accordance with their privacy policy and terms.  
listen to nancy marshall interview industry leaders, top executives, media personalities & online influencers about pr & their personal brand.
 class="btn-default" href="https://marshallpr.com/prmaven/about-prmaven-podcast/">about the podcast
 class="btn-default" href="https://marshallpr.com/prmaven/podcast/">listen to episodes









newest blog postshow-to examples & business cases for implementing effective public relations and marketing techniques.

pr works: don’t underestimate its power for google seo
your google search ranking is crucial as seo shapes your online presence. pr plays a key role by securing media coverage that boosts visibility and credibility.


gruyere gougeres
from the kitchen of lisa steele, coop to kitchen.


new hope for old resolutions
technology offers tools that help people achieve new year’s resolutions like saving money, getting fit, and staying connected, but personal commitment is still key.


networking tip: transactional relationships only get you so far
to network effectively, focus on giving rather than taking. build genuine relationships by listening, being patient, and avoiding purely transactional interactions.
all blog postsinterested in meeting?if you would like to set up a meeting or request a proposal, contact our team (207) 623-4177 for the fastest response.contact usstay connected





pr maven® nationget exclusive access to news and guests on nancy's podcast, join pr maven nation today! like and join today
marshall communications110 marginal way #807, portland, me 04101(207) 623-4177
© 2025 marshall communications // privacy policy // site map
    













>





















              

