






shoptoit search marketing for small business








































































products

adsbuilder
chatbot builder
quickads
quickbot


programs

for affiliates
for influencers


 


select page


  
 



 



 











empowering smes and service providers with ai
 
drive growth and profit with our innovative solutions
 
 
 


our expertise lies in bringing businesses to the forefront of technology.
 
with over 25 years of experience in the digital agency space, we’ve built trusted relationships with 3,000+ smes and partners.
our proprietary saas products are designed to drive traffic and sales, enhance customer service, streamline operations, and fuel profitable growth for both smes and digital agencies.
 
 


n

agencies, value-added service providers, and trusted advisors
whether you specialize in marketing, advertising, or web development, our products offer a valuable addition to your service offerings.

 
 

n

sme’s and business influencers
we serve smes direct, and extend the impact of our affordable and cutting-edge products through our affiliate and influencer programs.

 
 
 
 


see products

 

see programs

 

book a call


 
 
 
 



our products
 
shoptoit is dedicated to empowering smes with cutting-edge technology. we serve smes direct, and extend the impact of our affordable and cutting-edge products through a wide network of agency and value-added service partners.
 
 
 





chatbot builder
expand your service offerings
create, manage, and sell unlimited chatbots. enhance your client services with cutting-edge ai.
explore chatbot builder →

 
 
 




quickbot for smes
streamline customer interactions
affordable ai chatbots for enhanced business operations. customizable for various business functions.
explore quickbot →

 
 
 




adsbuilder
automate google ads
run effective and affordable google ads campaigns for your small business clients at scale.
explore adsbuilder →

 
 

 
 
 
 



our programs
 
our partner and affiliate programs are uniquely positioned to offer exceptional value by combining ease of use, broad market accessibility, no usage requirement, and competitive pricing.
 
 
 





affiliate program
create a passive profit stream by spreading the word about chatbot builder
learn more →

 
 
 




influencer program
create a significant passive income by spreading the word about quickbot
learn more →

 
 
 




partner program
we work with agency partners of all size to help small businesses at scale
learn more →

 
 
 
 
 




partners

 


businesses

 


impressions served

 


leads delivered

 
 
 





“shoptoit’s automated platform takes a load off our team and is super easy to use.”


 
 
 
 



“the shoptoit platform made it easy for me to grow my business.”


 
 
 
 
 
 



empowering smes and service providers with ai
 
drive growth and profit with our innovative solutions
 
 
 


see products

 

see programs

 

book a call

 
 
  


 
 
 




productsadsbuilder chatbotbuilder quickads quickbot
 
 

programsaffiliate programinfluencer program
 
 

resourcesblog affiliate agreement privacy policy
 
 

followfollow
 
 
 


shoptoit inc. suite 300, 1400-1st street swcalgary ab, t2r 0v8
 
 



 
 
 



 

 
 
 





















