






svm / public relations & marketing communications









































































about
careers
services
clients
contact
 
search






x   close







site maps
need help finding something?



about svmabout
our clients – old
where we focus
our clientsour philosophy
connectcontact
careers
 

servicesservices

public relations and content services
marketing services




search for:





recent posts


(no title)


recent commentsarchives

april 2020

categories

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 





let’s talk
click here to schedule a time to talk, tell us what you’re looking for, or just learn about the pr, branding and content marketing strategies that are currently working for our clients.
email  »  info@svmmarcom.com
phone  »  401.490.9700
svm is headquartered in providence, r.i.
location  »
svm
225 dyer street
providence, ri 02903
 
 







































svm | public relations & marketing



increasing relevance and creating value
founded in 1971, svm provides integrated public relations and creative marketing services to innovative organizations that are changing the way the world lives, works, and plays.







where we focus
not too big and not too small. b2b & select b2c. simply put – we talk tech.




 

digital health & life sciences



digital health & life sciences







 

ai & big data technology



ai & big data technology







 

advanced b2bmanufacturing



advanced b2bmanufacturing









decades of experience. hundreds of companies.
for decades, svm has been quietly building substantial relevance and value for clients ranging from vc-funded start-ups to mature product and service providers. our core competency is working with organizations to efficiently develop and implement integrated public relations, web, branding and marketing communications programs that deliver high-impact results and enable clients to stand out from the crowd. we excel at working with companies and organizations that are defining new categories, pioneering emerging technologies, and challenging traditional business models. providing maximum value via integrated well-executed programs is what we do best.
 
[ see our client experience list ]







our world
we work with some of the most exciting new technology innovators in their fields, and we pride ourselves on delivering breakthrough work that makes an impact.








we build strong modern digital marketing infrastructures that form the backbone to success.







targeted messaging that resonates with key audiences.







established relationships and decades of success working with the influencers who are essential to building our clients’ brands. 







tech savvy from iot to hippa, iso, vms, hl7, saas, ieee, etc.







established relationships and decades of success working with the influencers who are essential to building our clients’ brands.







research-driven content that makes an impact.









established relationships and decades of success working with the influencers who are essential to building our clients’ brands.














b2b seo best practices are systematically built into everything we do.







aligned with whatever’s next and all that is enabling it.







a modern, efficient and effective approach to maximizing marketing impact.







commitment to community allows us to spread or creative wings.









tech savvy from iot to hippa, iso, vms, hl7, saas, ieee, etc.







established relationships and decades of success working with the influencers who are essential to building our clients’ brands.







research-driven content that makes an impact.









aligned with whatever’s next and all that is enabling it.







a modern, efficient and effective approach to maximizing marketing impact.







commitment to community allows us to spread or creative wings.










we do tech pr and marketing. well.
a purpose-built team of experienced public relations and marketing professionals that knows how to make the very most of your company’s assets.








identify
all companies have assets.  news, metrics, ip, case studies, thought leaders and more.





storify
we’ll help you identify them and we’ll weave compelling, relevant stories around them.





amplify
we’ll amplify these stories across all media, social, web, etc., to get the maximum impact impressions.







don’t just take our word for it
listen to our clients!






“your team is just really outstanding. your meetings are so well scheduled and the agendas really align with what we’re trying to do here [at spcp].”
pamela miller, chief of affiliated networks, southeast primary care partners


“svm team made diameter health a rock star in the clinical data interoperability space. we couldn’t have accomplished what we did without you and the team. so, thank you.” 
rich forristall, director of marketing, diameter health


“thank you and the team for a very successful announcement. we couldn’t have done it without you!”
christine mellyn, vice president, marketing, cloudwave


“we received the most leads ever from an email outreach, thanks to the ebook and related content svm created. a huge thank you to the svm team for all your efforts and help!”
beatrice silva, availity


“the entire team has absolutely blown me away.”  
eric lisle, ceo, southeast primary care partners


“svm routinely brought ideas to the table that broadened our visibility to potential partners and clients alike – they take the lead and bring your brand to a place where it can be expertly positioned to drive the results you need.”
nancy liberman,  cmo dailybreak media


“svm provides shockingly great work!”
debra hopkinson, rn ms, vice president, operations, ehnac


“helps us break through the barrier of emerging startup to category leader on all fronts, pr, web, branding  and ongoing strategic counsel.”
todd blair, director of sales & marketing at biomedical structures


“smart, responsive and connected – definitely an asset for tech start-ups.”
thorne sparkman, managing director, the slater fund


“i am really happy how the article turned out. we are starting to get recognition for this new category, which is a big lift. thank you!”
brenda schmidt, founder + ceo solera health 


“very solid results!! thank for all you do for our team. you should feel very proud of what you have accomplished.”
robert b. salmon, apr, director corporate communications, carestream 



“svm is a knowledgeable and proactive partner for medacuity’s pr and communications needs. they create valuable content assets and continue to build awareness of our medtech software company among key industry influencers. the team is highly responsive, easy to work with and has a strong understanding of the medtech sector that has proven highly useful.”
rebecca morgan, medacuity


“svm has been a fantastic partner for us as we’ve gotten our brand firmly established. we appreciate all their hard work, patience, professionalism and expertise…we absolutely could not have done it without them. they simply have an amazing team.”
dan talati, chief strategy officer, aevex aerospace


“we are a young company, but we have substantial backing from major institutions (jpmorgan, bank of america, bank of new york, american express, and well fargo). our work requires us to be externally facing to major financial institutions as well as their partners, so our presentation is incredibly important. as we’re ny-based, we compared svm to a few top new york firms and i think their work has been as-good-to-better while being more cost-effective and easier to work with.”
james kovacs, head of strategy and finance, trusight


“the svm team does a great job. they secured us a brand mention in modern healthcare which we consider a big win. this is a direct result of their proactive hustle following the 2020 himss cancelation. thank you!”
reid mcdowell, illuminate health


“the svm team is amazing! thank you for all of your hard work on this project. you were a huge part of our success in our 20th anniversary year.”
nimota garcia, member communications coordinator, oshean


“i have nothing but great things to say about svm and the work that they’ve assisted us on over the last few months. they have a great understanding of the healthcare space, and a team that is always two steps ahead of things!”
megan flanagan, marketing associate, patientping


“many many thanks for the tremendous work effort and final annual impact report your team delivered, with a few fun surprises in the last hours! we’ve already received a ton of great feedback from our leaders and other teammates. we sincerely appreciate how easy you made this process from beginning to end. thank you!”
melanie hill, marketing & communications director, bamboo health


							next
						







at svm, every client team consists of
a team of cross-disciplined professionals hand-picked to act as your outsourced marketing department – for well below the cost of managing multiple specialized firms.











pr strategists






b2b social media experts






writers






seo experts






brand strategists






designers






researchers






coders






media relations pros









good people, doing good work.
our philosophy is simple . . . deliver exceptional value to our clients every step of the way. think. act. add value. repeat.
get in touch!










about
services
privacy policy
 careers
contact
 










 





