






millville army air field museum - millville airshow

























































 skip to primary navigation skip to content skip to footermillville airshowhonoring our aviation heritagehome
about

about us
museum history
airport history
airshows
newsletter
board of directors
advisory board
staff members
1941 society
memberships


museum

hours of operation/general information
donate your wwii memorabilia
resource links
p-47 thunderbolts
a historic zoom call
local heroes veteran cards
murals
the pilots
veteran biographies


exhibits

fallen pilots
seaplane base museum
link trainer – classroom lesson plan
m60a3 tank (s/n: 4074a)
wwii observation tower
c-47 exhibit
the tuskegee airmen


support

make a donation
buy a brick program
1941 society
join our team


events
library
contact
donate





 



support us


join us


visit us


 


honoring our aviation heritage
preserving the millville army air field story and its impact on the world
the millville airport was dedicated “america’s first defense airport” on august 2, 1941 by local, state, and federal officials. in january of 1943, the millville army air field opened as a gunnery school for fighter pilots. today, the millville army air field museum is dedicated to telling the stories of those who trained here, died here, and those who went on to serve our country in wwii, and other wars throughout our history. come take a tour of our museum!
click here to complete the tour application.



museum tours
contact us today to schedule a tour of our aviation museum and grounds.  so much history to tour and so much to learn!
click here view our tour video.
click here to fill out our tour application.



honoring our veterans
our veterans are walking and talking american history. we love when they visit our museum and share their heroic stories.check out our video section for some amazing interviews. learn more…


 
 


screenshot
supported in part by a grant from the nj department of state, division of travel and tourism.
footerpreserve history
your support through memberships, sponsorships, and event attendance helps us preserve the airport’s great history. learn more…


upcoming events
from movie nights to major air shows, check out our calendar of events for all the important details. learn more…


 our location
1 leddon st
millville, nj 08332
(856) 327-2347
  


copyright © 2025 millville army air field museum



















