landscaping | chantilly va | stone patio | outdoor kitchen        


contact a landscape designerhours & directions(703)-327-2233greenworks landscaping  skip to primary navigation skip to content skip to footerhomelandscapeslandscape designhardscapesplantinglandscape lightingwater featuresdrainagelandscape maintenanceflagstone patios and walkwayspaver patios and walkwayssegmental retaining wallsgallerypatiosplantingsoutdoor kitchensfleetwood farm wineryfire pits & fireplacesporticos, decks & pergolasswimming pools & water featureswallsaboutmeet the teamblogcontactcareersplantingsmain contentwe’re chantilly, virginia’s full-service landscape design & wholesale nurserygreenworks landscaping has been creating beautiful landscapes for individuals within the washington dc metropolitan area since 1987. we offer a comprehensive range of services that encompasses every aspect of outdoor spaces, including design/build, hardscaping, lighting, landscaping, and landscape maintenance. our talented designers bring a wealth of experience, integrity, commitment to quality, and a proven track record of customer satisfaction to every project.our knowledge, experience and professionalism set us apart. we have a passion for what we do and a commitment to doing it right the first time. greenworks knows that the project doesn’t end just because the landscape installation is complete. we follow up to ensure the client is satisfied with the project, and continue to provide customer support long after completion.greenworks wholesale nurserygallerylandscapeswe can get your landscaping or garden project on the right path.designthe best landscapes start with a great design. one of our professional designers will meet with you at your home and create a landscape that’s just for you.learn moreselectour nursery team does an amazing job of finding the best plant material around and bringing it to the garden center. from here, we bring it to your home.learn morebuilda landscape project can mean plants, patios, pools, pergolas, and plenty more. our expert craftsmen will work with your designer to create the ultimate outdoor experience.learn moreenjoywhat’s that sound? oh, it’s your friends and family coming by to admire and enjoy your finished landscape… yet again. you'll get years of enjoyment from your new landscape.learn morefooterhow to reach usgreenworks landscaping 22438 evergreen mills rdleesburg, va 20175  landscaping: (703)-327-2233 fax: (703) 327-3218greenworks garden center is open to contractors only greenworks wholesale nurserycontractors only:january and february by appointment onlywholesale nursery hours:monday – friday: 7:30 am – 4:00 pmsaturday & sunday- closed   © 2025 · greenworks landscaping · all rights reservedarlington va | chantilly va | great falls va | loudoun county | mclean va | reston va




