


flax seed oil - uses, flax seed health benefits and side affects - flaxseedmd.com











flax seedmd




home


health benefits of flax seed


what is flax seed oil?
anti-bacterial
arthritis
cancer
circulatory benefits
digestive benefits
eyes / sight
benefit of omega 3
skin
weight loss


flax seed oil side effects


allergic reactions
alpha linolenic acid
ground flax seed
large doses
linseed oil vs. flax seed
prostate cancer


using flax seed oil


dosages and uses
oily taste
ground flax seed


frequently asked questions about flax seed oil


flax: what is it?
what's so good about flax seed oil?
is flax seed beneficial to body builders?
what's the difference between gold and brown flax?
is flax seed good for children?


flax seed articles

top seed - with its healing powers, flax is the next nutritional superstar
budwig flax oil diet
flax seed oils for omega-3 and efas
heart-healthy flax
omega-3 efas: the right stuff

omega-3

 intro to omega-3
omega-3 foods
neurological benefits


glossary of terms


links

where to buy flax seed oil

contact





welcome to flax seedmd.com
flax seed oil
this is an educational site for anyone looking for information on flax seed oil. 
			the information here should not be a substitute for expert medical advice and should not be taken over 
			the advice of a physician.
		

what is a flax?
			flax, sometimes known as linseed, is a blue flower that is part of the linaceae family - a group of some 150 plant species
			distributed around the world.  the flax flower, grown for both the flax seed and its flaxseed oil (linseed oil), has many 
			uses.  after processing, the flax seed is made up of 1/3 oil and 2/3 fiber, protein, 
			and mucilage.  when the oil is extracted, it becomes a rich source of essential fatty acids, containing
			alpha linolenic acid,
			 omega 3 essential fatty acid (efa), 
			 and omega 6 essential fatty acid.  omega 3 essential fatty acid helps to build cell membranes in the body, 
			 which serve to protect the cells of the body.  the brain is also largely composed of fats, known as 
			 phospholipids.  phospholipids are
			 made frome essential fatty acids (efas), which can be found in flax seed products.  a diet that is 
			 deficient in omega 3 can cause a number of 
			 health risks.  apart from the flax seed oil, the fiberous byproduct of flax seeds are a great source of 
			 lignans,
			  vitamins, 
			  and minerals. 
flax seed oil is a rich, vegetarian source of 
			omega 3 and omega 6 essential fatty acids. 
			essential fatty acids, like those in flax seeds are critical in the production of prostaglandins. 
			these prostaglandins help regulate fat metabolism, inflammatory response, hormones, as well as the cardiovascular, 
			immune and central nervous systems. there is some concern by physicians that modern diets 
			may be too rich in omega 6 fatty acids and deficient in omega 3's, which can contribute to health concerns.
		

flax seed oil is heart-healthy because it contains 
			alpha-linolenic acid. 
			flax seed itself (ground or whole) also contains lignans, 
			which may have antioxidant actions and may help protect against certain cancers,
			 though this is far from certain.
where does flax seed oil, or ground flax seed, for that matter, come from?
flax seed oil is derived from the seed of the flax plant.
		flax seed oil and flax seed contain substances that promote good health.
		flax seed oil is rich in alpha-linolenic acid (ala), 
		an essential fatty acid that appears to be beneficial for heart disease, inflamatory bowel disease, 
		arthritis and a variety of other health conditions. flax seed, in addition to ala, contains a group 
		of chemicals called lignans that may play 
		a role in the prevention of cancer.

ala, as well as 
			eicosapentaenoic acid (epa) and docosahexaenoic acid (dha), 
			belong to a group of substances called omega-3 fatty acids.
			 epa and dha are found primarily in fish 
			 while ala is mostly found in 
			 flax seed oil and other vegetable oils. 
			 although similar in structure, the benefits of ala
			 , epa, and dha are not necessarily the same.
		

			it is important to maintain an appropriate balance of omega 3
			 and omega-6 (another essential fatty acid) in the diet as these two substances work together to promote health. 
			 these essential fats are both examples of polyunsaturated fatty acids, or pufas. omega-3
			  fatty acids help reduce inflammation and most omega-6 fatty acids tend to promote inflammation. 
			  an inappropriate balance of these essential fatty acids contributes to the development of disease 
			  while a proper balance helps maintain and even improve health. a healthy diet should consist of roughly two to 
			  four times more omega-6 fatty acids than omega-3 fatty acids. the typical american diet tends to contain 14 to 25 
			  times more omega-6 fatty acids than omega-3 fatty acids and many researchers believe this imbalance is a significant 
			  factor in the rising rate of inflammatory disorders in the united states.
		

omega-3 fatty acids, found in flax seed and flax seed oil,
			 have been shown to reduce inflammation 
			and help prevent certain chronic diseases such as heart disease and arthritis. these essential fatty acids appear to be 
			particularly important for cognitive and behavioral function as well as normal growth and development. 
		


uses of flax seed
health benefits of flax seed
side effects of flax seed

flax seedmd.com




 




