




smartware computer services - free diagnostics - sales, service, and repairs




















menu


about us
location

contact










client portal

payments
remote support
























back to top








computer problems?

we can help! free diagnostics!











managed services for your business







 

 


 

 





mars+ user
security services for microsoft 365 & google workspace accounts. features cloud response, phishing protection, and more.
					





mars+ essentials
features managed antivirus with remote support, asset management, and end-point detection & response.
                        		





mars+ professional
features essentials plus managed detection & response with 24/7 off-site security operation center as a service.
                        		





additional services








hosting services
email, domain name & 
			website hosting services
			microsoft 365 email & office services
			






maintenance & repair
in addition to managed services, we still offer a whole host of maintenance and repair services. diagnostics are always free.
                        





compliancy services
dark web scanning by email or site
			penetration & vulnerability scanning
			training to prevent phishing
			 compliance management 















about smartware computer services






our mission
above all else, smartware is a service company. our goal is to provide the best service possible to each and every customer. whether you are a sole-proprietorship with a single laptop or a corporation with 200 workstations, we value your business and go out of our way to exceed your expectations. we don't use pushy sales tactics or overly technical jargon to make minor issues seem like major repairs. our technicians will explain the issue, provide the options available, and help you select the best option for your budget. if you ever have any questions, before or after your service, our staff will be happy to answer them.
our history
smartware computer services is a family owned and operated business. established in 1994, the businees started out in the basement of our family home. since then it has grown to serve the greater lake county area, as well as clients across the state of florida. from car dealerships and doctors offices to mom-&-pop shops and moms and pops, we serve all those who need assistance with their it. come in today and find out why we've been in business for 30 years!

			









check out our new location







smartware computer services



	   2732 dora ave
   tavares, florida 32778

  info@scs3.com


      check us out on facebook!

hours of operation

                     
			monday through friday
			9:00 am - 5:00 pm
while smartware is no longer associated with cell phone repair of eustis, we wholeheartedly endorse the new owners and will refer all mobile device repairs to our former location.
			


directions
we are now located behind the kohl's shopping center on dora avenue.
headed south on highway 441 half a mile past adventhealth waterman hospital, turn right onto david walker drive. turn left at the first traffic light (dora avenue) and continue for half a mile. smartware will be on the right, next door to labcorp.  
headed north on highway 441three quarters of a mile past the intersection of hightway 441 and bay street (hightway 19), turn left on the first street after golden corral (dillard road). go to the stop sign and turn right onto dora avenue. continue for about a quarter of a mile. smartware will be on the left, next door to labcorp.
		













contact information








departments
all departments can be reached at(352) 483-4350

technical support:
option 1
remote support

hours & directions:
option 2
location information


billing & accounts:
option 3
client portal information
payment portal information


general inquiries:
option 5contact us












the right service at the right price
no pushy sales tactics, no hyped up issues. just honest service at a reasonable price.
                     



free diagnostics
we want our customers to make the best decision regarding their technological needs. diagnostics are always free and there's no purchase necessary.                     



we're here for you
when your system doesn't work, you can't work. at smartware, we're here to keep your computer running at it's best. having an issue? give us a call!










smartware computer services © 2016 template provided by responsee team






 employee login  










