 





fangm | you are the gm - part fantasy, part simulation for serious sports fans
















forum | rosters | free agency | draft | scores | standings | stats | rules 

skip to content








board index








 league homepage






search






search




 







would you make a great nfl gm?find out in the most realistic online sports league!





already in a league?

affl | 
			cffl | 
			dffl | 
			effl | 
			fffl | 
			brfl



wanna play? we are looking for new gms!
 
              fangm is a different kind of football simulation league that mixes weekly fantasy
              results and supporting cast grades to impacted those performances
              in simulated football games. it's a step beyond fantasy football
              and as realistic as you can get with 53-man rosters and salary caps. and it's free to play! we've been having a ball for more than 16 years here!

sign up to play now! ▶
     • update: new season starting soon!
					     • check out the football simulation league rules to learn more.
					     • see what teams have current openings.
					     • after clicking sign up link above, watch for private message from commish goodell to discuss openings and answer any questions. 
					     • welcome! we love getting new players in the game!

			

game play — part fantasy, part simulation:
              

			  our custom game simulator takes real game box scores each week for skill position players and adjusts them based upon the strengths of the players around them.
			  
			  for example, if your rb had 100 yards on a 4.0 yard average in week 3 but you have a much stronger sim roster offensive line and are going up against a very weak sim defense, his average might be adjusted to 4.5 yards a carry and he'd have an even bigger day for you here. 
			  
			  it's not about fantasy football points here, it's about building a complete roster from top to bottom. build a great defense and your opponent's offensive numbers will be reduced against you. build up a killer offensive line, and your qb and rbs stats will be boosted up.
			  
			  we've got 53-man rosters, practice squads, salary caps, franchise tags, signing bonuses, cap hits, 7-round college drafts and more!
			  
			  we make the game play here as realistic as possible. putting you right into the job of an nfl gm.
			  
it's free to play, sign up now! if you're like the rest of us here, it'll be your new obsession!










board index 


contact us






fangm
 • 
 forum
 •
rosters
 • 
free agency
 • 
draft
 • 
scores
 • 
standings
 • 
stats
 • 
rules



 





 








 










