







the brad kaminsky foundation –  in memory of











































 




about
gallery
events

golf tournament
grey ribbon crusade
idance4acure
heroes of hope race


donate
accomplishments
contact
facebooktwitterinstagramfacebook 






#ourfightthe brad kaminsky foundation is
dedicated to raising awareness
and funds for childhood & adult
brain tumor and cancer research.
about usthis is #ourfight
to end cancer!
#band2getherlet’s band2gether
to end childhood cancer
previousnext1234
this is #ourfight to end cancer!
the brad kaminsky foundation is dedicated to raising awareness and funds for
childhood & adult brain tumor and cancer research.
the brad kaminsky foundation was born after 29-year-old assistant district attorney, brad kaminsky, passed of glioblastoma multiforme brain cancer in 2001.
the foundation was dedicated to raising funds for research. in 2002 we met lisa gibson, another brain tumor warrior who helped start our annual heroes of hope golf tournament which continues today and our cooking up a cure cookbook which raised over $10,000 for research.
in 2009, the foundation started the heroes of hope race for research in los angeles, donating over $700,000 to researchers at ucla, cedars-sinai and children’s hospital los angeles. in 2013, the foundation saw a direct need to fund less toxic childhood cancer research and began the idance4acure campaign to end childhood cancer. over half a million has been donated to researchers across the continent for that initiative. tbkf is always looking for new ways to fund much-needed research.

in loving memory of..
brad kaminsky, lisa gibson, bob carter, jr., tony leonard, susanne mcmillan, dan mcnally, andy lewis, william keyser, diane wyatt, gregory weiss, james mckenzie, geoff cornman, brian bedell, joseph gray, mary haller, jonathan hicks, capt. john flynn, sherry brinton, kyle kerpan, kyle snyder, james meyers, josie chiang, stefan, karen s., jacqueline v. offutt, lauren fitzgerald, judy hahn, christine donahue, larry burns, anne glynn, lindsay warren, joe lieb, mike gianinni, bill waggener, melanie knight-teaster, judi spivack, niki perry, william schopf, nancy coyle, karen stevens, jose andrade, jose rodriguez, brenda  bb huff,mim o’neill, richard alan brownmiller, jim ingman, michael bloomberg, lilly watkins, vincent mandzak and all our angels

   

 
interesting links
here are some interesting links for you! enjoy your stay :)

pagesabout
accomplishments
contact
donate
events
gallery














scroll to top



