




welcome to indian art circle!!






































sign in
login
artist login
 contact us
 my collection

























office cum gallery by appointmentd-59, sector - 47, noida. 201303.

























home
full iac catalog
masters' homepages
iac artists
iac's exhibitions
know indian art
dialogue
auction
shopping cart(0)




























home
full iac catalog
masters' homepages
iac artists
iac's exhibitions
know indian art
dialogue
auction

shopping cart(0)















close
oorja: the feminine light in indian art
art santa fe 2024, usa, whc at marriott marquis, new york, usa




close























previous



next








indian art circle proudly hosts the ministry of culture's - indian art circle

indian art circle 




indian art circle proudly hosts the ministry of culture's  - indian art circle

indian art circle 

















indian art circle


we are a team of art lovers and aesthetes from varied creative domains - actual artists, designers, as well as engineers and scientists, based in noida, india, and california, usa. our compelling urge to bring the it revolution of the century, the internet, to the threshold of indian art and crafts resulted in the birth, in the year 2000, of this truly comprehensive site which not only makes indian art commercially available through the net, but is also educative, informative and indeed promotes indian arts by providing a forum to everyone c
more info



















our exhibitions

since the year 2000, indian art circle has been synonymous with physical and online exhibitions of high quality at premium venues in india and abroad. in every level of involvement, from full in-house productions to extending online support, iac consistently promotes contemporary indian artists of exceptional talent and potential.  









experiments with truth, the jerusalem biennale precursor show
13th to 21st july, 2019,new delhi


the dynamic, sometimes challenging, process of seeking truth, even in mundane matters, is connected at its core to a tradition of dispute. it is a uniquely jewish path which empowers humankind’s quest to repair the world, and along the way, perhaps even find transcendence.
                                                                                                    ___> shridharani gallery, triveni kala sangam, new delhi
                                                                                                    																									
                                                                                                    new delhi 2019

                                                                                                












festival of india – "india at 70"
bangkok 2017, delhi 2018


mapping the canvas of indian post modern and contemporary art, at 70 years of indian independence, through fresh works of artists representing an era, from those who were active at the time of india’s independence to those who define cutting edge art today.. curated by gargi seth, as part of iccr's festival of india in thailand. 
                                                                                                    ___> bacc; chulalongorn university; triveni kala sangam

                                                                                                    

                                                                                                    bangkok 2017, delhi 2018

                                                                                                






 view all  














iac in the news



 indian art circle exhibitions are covered by many media houses. 
view all  




artist of the month


 indian art circle artist of the month :  













iac
art scape






























to me you are not semiprecious 3









lost histories









ganapathi









isolated conversations









an unknown territory - 34









aradhna sample -2









coral wombs blossom within blue ecologies 3









time is an illusion









drawing-i









the fisherman























sign up to get the updates about new events



















about


we are a team of art lovers and aesthetes from varied creative domains - actual artists, designers, as well as engineers and scientists, based in noida, india, and california, usa. our compelling urge to bring the it revolution of the century, 
read more  






quick links



about 
gallery
masters home
know india art
contact us












keep in touch




web content office, india

                                            &

                                            gallery-by-appointment  d-59, sector - 47, noida. 201303.
+91-120-4358970 
iacinfo@indianartcircle.com







art scape





























© copyright 2018, all rights reserved by indian art circle. design & maintained by: itindustries.com


































