






healing insights colonic therapy center



























































healing insights



home



colonics
colon hydrotherapy
colonoscopy prep
contraindications
equipment
tips for success


pricing



staff
rachel dolan - owner
ruth menard - owner
katie murphy - founder
flannery dolan  |  hydrocolon therapist
erika way - doctor


schedule


contact















home/
colonics/colon hydrotherapycolonoscopy prepcontraindicationsequipmenttips for success
pricing/
staff/rachel dolan - ownerruth menard - ownerkatie murphy - founderflannery dolan  |  hydrocolon therapisterika way - doctor
schedule/
contact/

































hydrocolon therapy in bloomington, mn




healing insights hydrocolon therapy center
healing insights hydrocolon center in bloomington minnesota offers colonics, colonoscopy prep and complimentary services. 











home/
colonics/colon hydrotherapycolonoscopy prepcontraindicationsequipmenttips for success
pricing/
staff/rachel dolan - ownerruth menard - ownerkatie murphy - founderflannery dolan  |  hydrocolon therapisterika way - doctor
schedule/
contact/





























 

welcome to healing insights hydrocolon therapy center







today we have the benefit of medical and natural holistic information at our fingertips. it is up to us individually to decide how we want to take care of our body.  if we don’t decide, but do only what others tell us to do, then we forfeit our most precious right to live our own life.    katie murphy founded this colon hydrotherapy practice over 25 years ago and has provided over 85,000 colonics for our minnesota neighbors, more than any provider in mn! at healing insights you know you are getting the best colon hydrotherapy service in the twin cities. we invite you to read more and come see us and discover a world of healing insights for yourself.



open 7 days a week, call for an appointment or schedule online now!  952.886.4325 mon-fri 8 am- 8 pm, sat-sun 8 am - 6 pm



comfortable and discrete our colon hydrotherapy service is professional.private restrooms for colonic therapy rooms in all our clinics.therapy and private restroom areas are completely separated from reception area for your privacy.our clinics are decorated in warm inviting colors and art intended to relax and calm.clients may choose to listen to music.we offer essential oils to assist with the release and/or calm the nerves.



free consultationsclients may request free consultation with rachel dolan or ruth menard therapists consult with rachel dolan or ruth menard regarding client progress.client consultations, however, are not required in order for clients to make appointments.













new money saving packages
current specials (colonics)2 session discount package - $2063 session discount package - $2975 session discount package - $475*2, 3 and 5 session discount packages do have some restrictions including sessions must be completed within 60 days.



book appointment






























rachel dolan















flannery dolan















ruth menard















katie murphy




“founded on the beliefs that, everyone is to be respected, the body does the healing - we are here to help it & the more we can learn from each other the better off we will all be.”


 



sign up for our newsletter
sign up with your email address to receive news, promos and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up






thank you!





disclaimer: it is always a good idea to consult with your doctor first. we only use medical grade equipment. our 24 hour cancellation policy is in full effect and late cancellations will be subject to 100% payment for services booked. please check our contraindications page to view a list of conditions that may hinder you from using our services. for a detailed explanation on fda approved colonoscopy prep click here. thank you! client confidentiality: healing insights, as an employer, requires colonic therapists and all employees to sign client confidentiality contracts.   







 


 




















  

home pricing  appointmentsschedulecontact

 

colonicscolon hydrotherapycolonoscopy prepcontraindicationsequipmenttips for success

 

 staffrachel dolanruth menardflannery dolankatie murphyerika way





 



