


































































waterloo-cedar falls courier | breaking news | read cedar falls, ia and iowa breaking news. get latest news, events and information on iowa sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-12°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



education



politics



state & regional



nation & world



business



public records



call the courier



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists



cartoons




sports


cedar valley preps



college



waterloo black hawks



blogs



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



local



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



celebrations



food



health



get healthy



home & garden



parenting



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



business monthly


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









-12°
clear
























        
        
            high school girls' bowling: wahawks, three individuals punch ticket to state

at the sioux city state qualifier, waterloo west's girls' team won the baker tournament, while three individual bowlers are moving onto state, as well.

















        
        
            snow ordinance in effect in cedar falls, vehicles will be ticketed

beginning at 7 a.m. tuesday, officers will ticket all vehicles in violation of the 48-hour ordinance.

















        
        
            the anti-musk protest movement is expected to ramp up with congress on recess

vermont sen. bernie sanders is launching what he's calling "a national tour to fight oligarchy" with stops in working-class districts of iowa and nebraska this week.

















        
        
            university of northern iowa to host19th african american read-in feb.20

nearly 3,500 first-graders from 73 schools across iowa will join the 19th african american read-in hosted by university of northern iowa as a free, virtual event thursday.

















        
        
            evan 'curly' hultman, champion for veterans and former iowa attorney general, dies at 99

retired u.s. army reserve major gen. evan l. “curly” hultman died sunday. he was 99.

















        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa women’s basketball: dear ncaa selection committee …

the iowa women's basketball team saw its six-game winning streak come to an end in overtime against no. 9 ohio state on monday despite a spirited fourth-quarter comeback.

















        
        
            deere & company reports drop in first-quarter earnings

the farm equipment manufacturer said it was focused on reducing inventory amidst the “uncertain market conditions” its customers were facing.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 17 recap: waterloo and cedar falls news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from the courier. 




















        
        
            update: central iowa under an extreme cold warning until tuesday midday

on monday at 10:01 a.m. an updated extreme cold warning was issued by the national weather service valid from 9 p.m. until tuesday noon. the warning is for waterloo-cedar falls as well as pocahontas, humboldt, wright, franklin, butler, bremer, webster, hamilton, hardin, grundy and tama counties. 





















        
        
            waterloo and cedar falls neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in the courier. 




















        
        
            update: cold weather advisory affecting iowa until monday midday

an updated cold weather advisory was issued by the national weather service on monday at 3:44 a.m. in effect until noon. the advisory is for mason city and waterloo-cedar falls as well as emmet, kossuth, winnebago, worth, palo alto, hancock, pocahontas, humboldt, wright, franklin, butler, br…





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react




















        
        
            presidents' day protesters gather in opposition of the trump administration












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            bill fennelly press conference | iowa state women's basketball | feb. 17

iowa state women's basketball coach bill fennelly discusses subbing addy brown out of the kansas game one rebound short of a triple-double. 





















        
        
            tj otzelberger press conference | iowa state basketball | feb. 17

iowa state basketball coach tj otzelberger comments on scheduling purdue, isu's upcoming game against colorado. 





















        
        
            tj otzelberger press conference | iowa state basketball | feb. 17

iowa state basketball coach tj otzelberger comments on scheduling purdue, isu's upcoming game against colorado. 





















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 













                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 




















        
        
            iowa state's rebounding physicality creates a simple winning strategy

the first half appeared to point towards an offensive shootout between two of the big 12's top defensive teams. midway through the half, iowa state's defensive identity emerged.




















        
        
            'divine intervention' helped cedar falls native get into coaching, back to iowa women's hoops

randi henderson never anticipated a future in coaching neither when she left cedar falls high school in 1997 nor when she departed iowa in 2001. it found her another way.




















        
        
            what did jan jensen tell iowa to power through foul trouble, beat nebraska?

the iowa women's basketball team battled through foul trouble to beat nebraska in lincoln on monday night behind another standout performance from transfer guard lucy olsen.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves. 




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            don gardner construction



                                        315 la porte rd., waterloo, ia 50702
                                    






















        
        
            hager insurance agency



                                        po box 124, laporte city, ia 50651
                                    






















        
        
            lampost theatre co



                                        204 w seerley blvd, cedar falls, ia 50613
                                    



 website



 events







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


call the courier

e-edition

email updates

events calendar

text alerts

cedarvalleyinclusion.com

get healthy




services


activate full access

advertise with us

contact us

job search

start a subscription

customer service

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the courier, 6915 chancellor drive, suite b cedar falls, ia 50613
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























