













a leading perfume designer and supplier | alpha aromatics



















































































alpha aromatics®

apply to work for uswhy alpha?fragrance options

* fine fragrances* personal care fragrances* natural and organic fragrances* candles & reed diffuser fragrances* fragrances for home* fragrances away from home* fragrance list* sample request form* sds requests form
odor neutralizer optionsour blogcontact us






a leading perfume designer and fragrance supply company

alpha aromatics is an international perfume designer, creating and supplying scents for some of the most respected and innovative brands in the marketplace. we provide organic, natural and designer fragrance compositions for fine perfumes, personal care products, candles and diffusers, aerosols, industrial cleaners, fragrances for home products and odor neutralizing additives for product manufacturers and those that use the services of private label manufacturers, custom packaging companies, toll blenders and more. if you’d like to marry a new, natural, organic or synthetic scent with your brand, we have decades of experience blending fragrances for products and product lines.
contact our team today!  +1 (412) 252-1012 / +1 (800) 295-5261













fragrances for products and product lines


we build great scents that build great brands!
as a fragrance designer and supply company whose routes stretch as far back as the 1940s, alpha aromatics has been making the world smell better one customized scent at a time for more than seven decades. every day, the fragrances we create touch the lives of people around the world.
we understand and respect the power of scent as one might revere the eternal supremacy of the ocean. our clients come to us for our captivating and unique fragrance compositions, created layer by layer by some of the most talented artisans in the scent industry.
let us do what we do best and revolutionize your product line with our own special melange of ambient branding.  explore our company history, professional affiliations and management team.
apply for a job with alpha aromatics!
we are actively looking for applicants to join the alpha aromatic family — please apply here
 
 











our industry expertise raises the bar above the competition
we specialize in synthetic, natural and organic fragrance sectors to accommodate the needs of all industries concerned with utilizing ambient branding to improve their bottom line.
headquartered in pittsburgh, pennsylvania, we manufacture a vast array of scent-related products that run the gamut from fine fragrances, private label brands, personal care products and candles and diffusers to household cleaning products, industrial and institutional air fresheners, hand sanitizers and so much more.
our perfume designers are never satisfied until our customers are. always striving to do better than the competition, our mission is to be the best we can be and our expertise is constantly evolving to meet the complex and sophisticated demands of our valued customers.
we are armed with cutting edge technologies, state-of-the-art laboratories and the widest, most effective selection of molecular odor counteractive additives on the market today.
 
 















perfume design for any unique fragrance application
alpha aromatics is unique in more ways than one. with all the global presence and prestige of a globally-recognized leader in fragrance creation, we are still as customized for the needs of any sized company from start-ups to multi-national firms.
each customer, regardless of their size and branding project, gets our total attention and care unlike any other available today. we can also offer in-house fragrance manufacturing that includes customized packaging and filling services for start up projects.
we specialize in unique fragrance creation and understand the power of scent. we strive to innovate with our clients, particularly retailers, on how they can best enhance their bottom line and build brands with fragrance marketing products, concepts and ideas.
we nurture creativity and encourage scientific innovation, while priding ourselves on adhering to the highest levels of perfumery ethics and regulatory standards in the world.
 
 










our professional affiliations
over the course of the last seventy years, alpha aromatics has made many professional allies within the dynamic perfume industry. dedicated to a sustainable and ecologically stable planet earth, we share our mission, where ambivalence has no place, with other caring professional who feel the same way.
an old axiom claims that birds of a feather stick together meaning that judgement comes form the company we keep, and in the case of alpha aromatics, our friends are the best in the business.
in addition to being iso 9001:2015 certified, we are members of and meet every environmental and quality standard set by the research institute of fragrance materials (rifm), the international fragrance association (ifra), oregon tilth, the worldwide cleaning industry association (issa) and one of our most prestigious affiliates is the natural products association aka npa. founded in 1936, this is the oldest non-profit organization dedicated to the natural products industry. npa has a strong lobbying presence in washington, dc, where it serves as the industry watchdog on regulatory and legislative issues.
another important alpha connection is the society of cosmetic chemists, which is a research foundation located in new york city. dedicated to the advancement of cosmetic science, alpha has benefited from the dissemination of their scientific information, which has helped to make our company a true leader in cutting edge fragrance technologies. some of our other important affiliations include:


 
 









 
we write about what we love
and we love creating fragrances
 
dive into the art and science of fragrance, where we explore everything from the creation of exquisite scents to the latest trends in fragrance supply. whether you’re a seasoned perfumer or simply passionate about all things aromatic, our blog is your ultimate resource. view our latest posts below or peruse our entire blog and discover the fascinating world of fragrance. happy reading!
 
 










															pioneering perfumery in the age of ifra compliance
fragrance is considered one of the finer, softer and more positive aspects of life and the international fragrance association (ifra) is the legal watch dog that certifies standards for its safe and proper use. headquartered in geneva, switzerland, its center of operations is in brussels, belgium. this organization has represented the global perfume industry since […]



 
continue reading

 



															8 ways alcohol plays a pivotal role in perfume creation
alcohol is far more than a mere solvent in perfumery; it’s a key player in crafting the sensory experience of scents. this article unveils eight essential ways alcohol influences perfume creation, from enhancing scent diffusion to aiding in fragrance longevity. discover how alcohol transforms from a simple ingredient into a pivotal component of olfactory magic.



 
continue reading

 
 
 






follow us on
       


terms of use ·
										privacy policy










alpha aromatics®
phone: 412-252-1012
int: 800-295-5261
294 alpha dr
pittsburgh, pa 15238
ridc industrial park
copyright © 2025
alpha aromatics®




home
about alpha aromatics
personal care fragrances
fine fragrances
candles and diffusers
fragrances for home
away from home fragrances
fragrance list
 

odor neutralizers
natural and organic fragrances
hand sanitizer fragrances
samples
our fragrant blog
contact us
sds & regulatory requests form
apply for a job with alpha!
 












































