



plan it interactive games





















skip to content



main menu
(888) 90-games
our locationcontact ussearch 




homeall gamesarcadecarnivalcasinoinflatableledphoto boothspicnicteam buildingtrade showsteam buildingequipment rentalapply







get ready to party!
welcome to plan-it interactive, your one-stop shop for interactive games, activities, and entertainment. from inflatables to arcade games, casino tables to lighting, we've got everything you need to make your event memorable!
if you have any questions or would like additional information, don't hesitate to give us a call at 1-888-90-games or email us at info@interactivegame.com; our executive staff will be more than happy to assist you with any fun filled events!


 



our offerings by category






all games







arcade games







carnival games







casino equipment







inflatables







led games







photo booths







team building







trade shows








featured games
plan➤it interactive takes pride in having the most interactive game rental options in the united states. our inventory is vast in options and large in quantity. we specialize in corporate parties, company picnics, grad-night events, bar/bat mitzvah's, casino nights, teambuilding events and much, much more.






bumper cars
bring the thrill of the carnival to your event with our battery-powered bumper cars, delivering fun and excitement for all ages!...






golf simulator
the golf simulator is simple and fun for all levels of golfing expertise from beginners to pros....






led marquee letters
these beautiful and bright led metal framed marquee letters will immediately draw the eyes of all your guests....






pac-man battle royale deluxe
all new 8-player competitive pac-man battle royale game on a 75" table display with 2 x 42" header screens above players for guests to watch....






skee ball - led
our newest skee ball lanes...






entertainment cube
make your next gaming event a blast with the entertainment cube. 4 brandable walls with game console slots and 70 inch 4k tvs on each side. ...






large outdoor led screens
...






sticky golf / darts
sticky golf / darts is great for indoor and outdoor events! the double-sided mat can be quickly rotated from a game of darts to golfing....






led connect 4
the classic connect 4 game is now available in bright led colors....


 
view all games




team building programs

we are one of the fastest growing interactive game companies in the united states. plan➤it interactive was founded by seasoned corporate event pros who know the interactive game business, both from the vendor side and the client side. we know what you go through when planning an event.
at plan➤it interactive interactive, we offer fun, effective, memorable ways to:

quickly introduce and integrate diverse groups
boost morale and celebrate jobs well done
enhance retention and participation at meetings
build trust and camaraderie between employees
create an environment in which employees thrive

view team building games






follow us
facebooktwitteryoutubeinstagram 

hours

tuesday 8:30am–5:00pm


monday
8:30am–5:00pm


tuesday
8:30am–5:00pm


wednesday
8:30am–5:00pm


thursday
8:30am–5:00pm


friday
8:30am–5:00pm


saturday
closed


sunday
closed









corporate office

150 west industrial way
benicia, ca 94510

(888) 90-games
info@interactivegame.com


plan➤it interactive happily provides entertainment and games anywhere in the world. call (888) 90-games today to plan your next event!





contact us
eoe
privacy
site map








