






 
florida network – florida network






























































 











please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility
















skip to content



(850) 922-4324referrals
employment
partner portal top barfacebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowrss page opens in new window


florida network
florida network

find helpparents youth resources services by county map of programs  reportsquality improvement reviews annual reports corporate documents impact studies youth served other reports and research  aboutwhat we do mission & vision history board of directors network team  programscins/fins snap® domestic violence respite intensive case management quality improvement  news & eventsnews events the fn blog flnet staff spotlight flnet board spotlight  funding contact partner portal 

search:











 
find helpparents youth resources services by county map of programs  reportsquality improvement reviews annual reports corporate documents impact studies youth served other reports and research  aboutwhat we do mission & vision history board of directors network team  programscins/fins snap® domestic violence respite intensive case management quality improvement  news & eventsnews events the fn blog flnet staff spotlight flnet board spotlight  funding contact partner portal 







is it time for help?





youth & teensyou are not aloneour shelters and programs can help
get you back on the right path.





parents & guardianshelp is hereour programs will work with you and your child
to overcome the challenges you're facing.











visit our job boardlooking to explore a new career path?
visit our job board to explore new
career opportunities across 29 human
service agencies impacting the lives of
florida's homeless, runaway and troubled
youth across the state.





a message from ceo,
stacy gromatskistaffing shortages at shelters
could hurt at-risk youth.
will there be enough staff
to help them?

















we support our member
agencieswe provide training, quality improvement,
contract management, data collection,
research, advocacy,
and more.





since 1976 the florida network
has been serving florida’s runaway,
homeless, truant, and
at risk youthservices are provided 24 hours a day,
7 days a week, 365 days per year.






















 family
we are committed to keeping youth and families together and to strengthening family systems.

 quality
we are dedicated to ensuring the highest standard of practice within our programs and our organization.

 youth development
we value young people as vital resources and partners in finding solutions. we cultivate a young persons’ strengths and assets in all of our programs and services.

 safety and support
we believe prevention and early intervention services are powerful, not only in keeping young people from committing crimes and families from being unsafe, but as catalysts for youth to realize their full potential and make a successful transition to adulthood.

 








sponsored by florida network of youth and family services, inc., and the state of florida department of juvenile justice.
florida network | 2850 pablo avenue | tallahassee, fl 32308 | 850.922.4324 | fax - 850.921.1778
© copyright 2020 | network florida | all rights reserved








go to top

translate » 




























































