xecrets ez | the easy to use desktop file encryption apphomehomeaboutmentionsterms of servicesupportprivacy statementmedia resourcescontactproductsxecrets ezxecrets ez featuresxecrets clieraserlegacy axcrypt 1.xdownloadxecrets ezxecrets clixecrets sdkrelease noteseraserabout antiviruslegacy softwarelearnhelp & faqhighlightsalternatives comparisonadditional security tipsregulatory complianceboxcryptor migrationblogaxcrypt faqbuybuy nowhow to buycustomer portalclosehomehomeaboutmentionsterms of servicexecrets supportprivacy statementmedia resourcescontactproductsxecrets ezxecrets ez featuresxecrets clieraserlegacy axcrypt 1.xdownloadxecrets ezxecrets clixecrets sdkrelease noteseraserabout antiviruslegacy softwarelearnhelp & faqhighlightsalternatives comparisonadditional security tipsregulatory complianceboxcryptor migrationaxcrypt faqblogbuybuy nowhow to buycustomer portalxecrets ezeasy strong free desktop file encryptionencryption made easier.xecrets ez is our easy to use free desktop zero-knowledge encryption application available for macos, linux and windows. for more information watch a demo, see the feature overview and the help page.also see the pcmag xecrets ez premium review for an independent opinion. since then we've added even more features, including plain text encryption/decryption, smart password suggestions, a password strength meter, encryption/decryption in folders and sub-folders, automatic exit after inactivity and dark/light theme selection.while the free version is sufficient for many needs, a premium subscription unlocks a number of features that make working with files more convenient and add additional capabilities. try premium without cost, no credit card required!languages supported include english, français, deutsch, italiano, español, português brasileiro and svenska. it will encrypt any file to a new file, wiping the original and as a premium feature also allowing you to work with encrypted files almost as easily as before encrypting them.it is 100% compatible with axcrypt[2], in fact it is based on the exact same core code, but is less complex and is entirely focused on delivering the main functionality needed without the bells and whistles and having no requirement for server or internet access, it works entirely locally on your computer. for personal or commercial daily use it's a great alternative to axcrypt[2]!simple operationsencrypt, decrypt or open files for editing and re-encryption with a click.re-encrypt with a clickwhen finished with editing an encrypted file, close the editing application and re-encrypt with click (premium).copy/paste & drag/dropsupport for intelligent drag'n'drop (windows only) or copy/paste operations.simple and compact user interfaceall features are directly found as quick access buttons and in regular menus. drag'n'drop (windows only), and copy/paste also works.available for macos, linux and windowsabsolutely no internet access required or usedcompletely axcrypt[2] compatible, but fasterfree full-strength encryption/decryptionyubikey supportcloud service compatibleencrypted files always stay encryptedlow cost premium subscriptionall cryptography performed by open source gpl xecrets clizero-knowledge by designtry premium without cost, no credit card required!download now!watch demoxecrets ez reviewsxecrets ez reviewsfile encryption & cryptography, performance optimization and troubleshooting in .netcopyright © 2022-2025 svante seleborg, all rights reserved. [1] xecrets is a trademark of axantum software ab. [2] axcrypt is a trademark of axcrypt ab. macos is a trademark of apple inc. windows is a trademark of the microsoft group of companies. linux® is the registered trademark of linus torvalds. pcmag is a trademark of ziff davis, llc. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners. use of these trademarks does not imply any affiliation, endorsement, or partnership. icons by io-images. we don't use cookies, we don't track anything personally identifiable.