















lowell, ma | official website


 






 















skip to main content

























 












search







 
 
 


    government      departments      business      how do i...  


 

 

 





 
























































  
 
 





 














city council & boards








pay my bills










 
 














report a concern








construction projects










 
 














notify me ®








health & social services










 
 
 

























 














latest updates


what’s happening in the city of lowell
 






  
 
 















city hall hours & operations 


lowell city hall and all offices will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025, in observance of presidents' day.			






trash & recycling 


trash & recycling pickup is running on a regular schedule.						read on...







career opportunities 


the city is seeking qualified applicants for positions in various departments.			learn more & apply today.







join a board or commission 


the city is seeking applicants to serve on advisory boards and commission. view current opportunities.			view current opportunities.







american rescue plan act (arpa) 


city of lowell american rescue plan act (arpa) spending dashboard.  the dashboard provides an informative review of data points, summaries, and spending activities related to lowell's arpa plan.			additional info...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 















city of lowell announces new "lowell current" newsletter for residents and businesses 


the city communications team announces a pair of new e-mail newsletters for residents and businesses. these newsletters will inform people about construction, city events, and more! click the links in this article to sign up.						read on...







city of lowell celebrates black history month 


the city of lowell is excited to announce a new social media campaign dedicated to celebrating black history month. learn about the city's black history trail markers and follow our social media to hear about some incredible members of our community!						read on...







don't hibernate—come celebrate winterfest's 25th anniversary! 


the city of lowell is delighted to announce the return of winterfest, set to take place on friday, february 21, and saturday, february 22 in the heart of downtown lowell. the cold weather classic celebrates its 25th anniversary this year.						read on...







moody's upgrades lowell's credit rating; $50.9m in bonds issued 


moody's investor services has upgrade the city of lowell's credit rating to 'aa3.' this upgrade recognizes the city's strong financial management and enormous economic development potential on the horizon for the city of lowell.						read on...







city of lowell achieves higher municipal equality index score 


the hrc recently published the mei 2024 scorecard, and the city of lowell's score improved to 96 out of a possible 100 points, reflecting a 5-point improvement from 2023.						read on...







on supporting mill no. 5 businesses: resources and programs 


we are actively supporting businesses affected by the closure of mill no. 5, offering support through the office of economic development.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














resource:#lowell








resource:lowell high school project








resource:code red










 
 
 



 

















case arts & culture calendar
the office of cultural affairs and special events (case) calendar highlights arts and culture events in lowell. visit the calendar to see what's happening and submit an event. 









recreation department calendar
the lowell recreation department calendar provides a year-round overview of field spaces in the city. visit the calendar to see programming, check field space availability, and make a reservation.









lowell city council
as the legislative body of the city, the city council meets weekly throughout the year (except during the summer) to exercise general and specific powers as outlined in the rules of the city council according to the plan e charter organization.









						1
						dancers in the street, downtown lowell




						2
						kids playing twister outside in the park with the rec dept




						3
						closeup of a statue








  
 



  
 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












wed, feb. 19



school committee meeting

school committee meetingread on...




tue, feb. 25



cultural council board meeting

cultural council board meetingread on...




wed, feb. 26



board of parks meeting

board of parks meetingread on...



conservation commission meeting

conservation commission meetingread on...




thu, feb. 27



sustainability council meeting

sustainability council meetingread on...







view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 







site links







home



site map







contact us



accessibility







copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



  
 
 




for city services on the go download our mobile app




for android devices
for apple devices





 
 
 



 







contact us







lowell city hall375 merrimack streetlowell, ma 01852phone: 978-674-4000email us
 






  
 









    





 
 



  
 







city hall hours







monday: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.tuesday: 8 a.m. - 8 p.m.wednesday: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.thursday: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.friday: 8 a.m. - noonother departments may have other hours. please check their webpage for specific hours.
 






  
 



  
 















 






  
 










government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









