





wilson 5 – comprehensive facility operations services


































 



skip to content










					wilson 5
				

 





main menu
 


homeaboutservicesexperience 
get in touch 


 
 



















exceeding client expectations for over 25 years








exceeding client expectations for over 25 years








comprehensive facility operations services


we offer diversified quality management services for all aspects of building management, including complete mechanical maintenance, hvac maintenance and repair, and comprehensive janitorial services. 














































contact us







name
        *




phone
        *




email
        *




message
        *






		if you are human, leave this field blank.	



request a quote


































































































































































































































facilites engineering


wilson 5 service company is experienced and equipped to determine the particular needs of your facility. we develop management control systems that will reduce costs, conserve energy, and promote safety throughout your facility.  







learn more






















mechanical maintenance


wilson 5 service company is unsurpassed in its level of mechanical maintenance management. we provide comprehensive services for both the private and public sectors at facilities that range in size from 10,000 to 2,000,000 square feet. 







learn more






















custodial & janitorial


wilson 5 service company is a proven leader in the custodial/janitorial industry. we provide comprehensive services that meet the highest quality standards, tailored to suit the specific needs of our customers. 







learn more





















about us​


wilson 5 service company, inc. has been established in building maintenance services since 1982. the small business administration (sba) has determined that our company certifies as the following:small disadvantaged business concernservice-disabled veteran owned business concernour standard company policy is to provide quality service at the lowest cost possible for our clients. we continually strive to find cost-cutting and energy-saving procedures that benefit our clients and the buildings we service. 







learn more



































serving both private & public sectorsour clients  














government 
general services administrationnational archives and records administrationjustice departmentinternal revenue servicesocial security administrationu.s. postal servicedepartment of defenseimmigration & naturalization servicedepartment of veteran affairsdepartment of statefbi
 
 












commercial 
celestica, inc.hewlett-packardat&tfederal expresstyco internationalnextelcornerstone associatesdhlgreenpages, inc.
 
 












military 
us air forceus armyus navyus coast guardus naval marine reservesus army reservesus army corps of engineers
 
 












local government 
maine air national guardme dotme judicial
 
 
































our mission


willson 5 service company provides on-site facility operations services that will exceed our client's expectations at the best possible value. we continue to build upon the belief that quality and reliability still count! 














 










wilson 5






© 2020 wilson 5. all rights reserved.













information







home
about
services
experience
 









get in touch!













1-800-437-2361 














6 page street, po box 810kittery, maine 03904-0810 














info@wilsonfive.com 













 

 scroll to top















