
audi burlingame - new audi & used cars dealer in burlingame












contact us: 650-240-1866menumodelsshopshopnew inventorypre-owned inventoryoffersestimate your trade-inaudi certified pre-ownedlocate dealeraudi financial servicesaudi exclusive programownownmyaudi loginabout myaudiaudi financial servicesaccessoriesaudi connecttech tutorial videosaudi carediscoverdiscoverelectric & hybrid modelssuv modelsaudi sport modelsinside audiaudi collectionaudi driver assistanceaudi electricaudi electricall electric modelswhat is e-tronâ®e-tronâ® charginge-tronâ® rangee-tronâ® technologye-tronâ® benefitse-tronâ® faqsoverview audi burlingamenew inventorynew inventoryaudi evaudi suvnew specials & offerssell my vehiclenational lease offers & incentives new inventorypre-owned inventoryall audi pre-ownedaudi certified pre-ownednon-audi pre-ownedsell my vehicleaudi certified pre-owned program pre-owned inventoryspecialsnew inventory specialsservice & parts specialsnational lease offers & incentives specialsserviceoverviewschedule serviceservice specials servicepartsfinanceoverviewvalue my tradefinance application financeabout usoverviewcareers about uscontact us audi evaudi suvnew specials & offerssell my vehiclenational lease offers & incentives welcome to audi burlingame. your dealership for sales & service.explore inventoryschedule servicewelcome to audi burlingamewelcome to audi burlingame, your premier destination for all things audi. whether you're looking for a new or pre-owned audi, need expert service, or are exploring financing options, we are here to make your experience seamless and enjoyable. our knowledgeable team is dedicated to providing exceptional customer service, ensuring that your journey with us is as remarkable as the audi brand itself. explore our extensive inventory, visit our state-of-the-art service center, or stop by to experience the luxury and performance that audi burlingame has to offer. we look forward to helping you drive away in your perfect audi!new vehicle inventoryview inventorypre-owned inventoryview inventoryschedule serviceschedule servicefeatured specialslearn morevalue my tradelearn morepurchase or lease your next new audi at audi burlingame 
at audi burlingame, we love serving the surrounding areas - like bustling san francisco - with a great selection of new audi models, as well as quality used vehicles. if you're looking for your next vehicle and want to go on a test drive in a more laidback part of the region, visit our burlingame showroom to meet with a member of our sales team.
 we have hundreds of luxury models 
audi burlingame knows that san francisco drivers have discerning tastes when it comes to cars, so we offer a massive selection of nearly 300 new audi sedans, coupes, suvs, and roadsters to choose from. this includes good commuter cars like the smooth and sophisticated audi a4, the roomy, robust audi a6, and the swift and sporty audi r8. need a larger luxury vehicle for your growing family? audi burlingame also has a wide array of suvs in stock for our customers in palo alto and san mateo, ca, including the stylish and efficient audi q5 and the spacious and athletic audi q7. if you prefer a more elegant midsize suv, the audi q8 has an impeccable interior with wood, metal, and leather materials and a dual-screen infotainment system. other audi cars to consider include the audi a5, the audi a7, and the audi a4 allroad.
if you want a car or suv that will really move, check out the selection of s series and r series vehicles at audi burlingame. these cars and suvs have deft handling, sport-tuned suspensions, and boosted horsepower for exciting performance. they also have refined interiors with supportive seats and cutting-edge entertainment and safety features. these are just some of the electrifying new audi vehicles that burlingame drivers can select from in our vast new car inventory you'll want to hurry in and see them for yourself.
 business hourssalesmonday - friday: 9 am - 6 pm
saturday: 10 am - 6 pm
sunday: 11 am - 6 pmservicemonday - friday: 7:30 am - 4:30 pm
saturday: closed
sunday: closedpartsmonday - friday: 7:30 am - 4:30 pm
saturday: closed
sunday: closedsales: 650-240-1866
service: 650-240-4116
parts: 650-240-4138
collision: 650-240-4139back to topexploremodelsaudi sportwhat is e-tronâ®suv modelselectric modelsinside audisubscribe to model updatesshopoffersnew inventorypre-owned inventorycertified pre-ownedcompare vehiclesbuycontact dealertrade-in valueleasingfinancingapply for financingownmyaudiabout myaudiaudi financial servicesaudi collection storeaudi connectroadside assistancein-use verification programsupportcontact ushelpabout audinewsroomemissions modification lookupaccessibilityrecallsindustry guidance for emergency responderssitemapâ© 2025 audi of america. all rights reserved.terms of serviceprivacy statementcookie settingsinterest based adstakata airbag recalltdi settlementwhistleblower systemcode of conductaudi of america takes efforts to ensure the accuracy of information on the general vehicle information pages. models are shown for illustration purposes only and may include features that are not available on the us model. as errors may occur or availability may change, please see dealer for complete details and current model specifications.











