













nature sounds.ca - the best quality nature sounds mp3 downloads, for relaxation, sleep, meditation.



nature sounds.ca





nature sounds.cahome


downloadnature sounds


 cds ofnature sounds


aboutnature sounds.ca


nature music


relaxation music


meditation music


nature links


support





nature sounds.ca records the natural wilderness sounds of north america using binaural techniques. these sounds of nature (without music) are perfect for relaxation, meditation, sleep, or to create a natural ambience. meticulous care is taken to include only the pure sounds of nature while recording, resulting in a pristine natural sound free from artificial or domestic sounds, loops and hiss. most of our recordings are 70 minutes or longer in length. "100% satisfaction guaranteed."
click here to preview and download nature sounds
crickets calming cd special 67% off!
we received a new shipment of the crickets calming cd © at a really good price and we are passing the savings on to you! ($9.90 includes shipping!) the crickets calming cd features pure cricket binaural recordings with no added music. each track is designed to repeat seamlessly when looped. when listening with headphones, it sounds like you are actually there surrounded by crickets. it's a wonderful relief from winter weather! a sample and more info is available here!
nature sounds and only nature sounds!
here is the place to find peaceful relaxation and meditation, a place to connect to the music of nature and the natural world, and to reconnect (using recorded sound and soundscapes) with our own ever-present calm inner natural pace, and, with the true tempo of life.
these recordings are not mere sound effects, or noise. our extensive experience in the natural world, formal musical training, university music degree, and broadcast industry experience, enables us to find, recognize, and cleanly reproduce those natural sounds which have a special musicality. most of our sounds are recorded using binaural methods, which give a 3d listening experience when using headphones. without headphones you will enjoy your usual listening experience.
nature sounds... and only nature sounds!
following this ideal of only nature sounds, no musical instrument sounds are added to our recordings.  yet, music is still being created! in the sounds of nature, there is pitch and tempo, melodies and choruses, which are all being created by a multitude of animate and inanimate players. in a careful, respectful and loving manner, natural sounds are recorded and edited, or sometimes mixed and arranged, into finished artistic soundscapes. a great amount of care is taken in microphone location and locale. the objective is to create the most realistic nature experience possible, and hence, the greatest compliment to hear is: "it sounds like they just stick a microphone in the air."









testimonials
simply...wow! what wonderful nature recordings! and the quality...again...wow! great mixes, great variety, great prices, and brilliant on allowing the very modern & customer friendly option of an instant download! i've searched high and all over the internet as well as random searches in stores...none can compare with these nature sounds! in fact, i am about to buy more from you after this email, heh! ;o) thank you, thank you...thank you! :-)
chris, alamogordo, nm, usa

just a few words of thanks for the amazing nature sound recordings you have produced. i suffer 
from tinnitus and hyperacusis. the tinnitus first started about 8 years ago. i was walking along 
in the country one day, shortly after the ringing started and the ringing suddenly stopped. then 
as i walked ahead a little more it came back. mystified i walked back to where i was and the 
ringing stopped again. i stood a while and wondered what was going on. i listened carefully and 
noticed the sound of crickets. when i walked away from the area again the ringing returned. the 
frequency of the crickets cancelled out the tinnitus. with your recordings i can enjoy these 
natural sounds, which also helps block out the horrible ringing i sometimes have in my ears.
however, the best recording for me is the rolling thunder recording. it's combination of rain and 
distant thunder gives me a great sense of peace and connection with nature as well as helping to 
mask tinnitus.
rod, sendai, japan

i found that your prices are very reasonable.  the other web sites 
that i saw with similar products sold their tracks for about twice what 
you charged. yours are a real bargain and 
the price is extremely modest.  if your prices were 50% higher, they 
would still be significantly lower than your competition and i still 
wouldn't hesitate to purchase from you again.  i especially appreciate 
the ability to instantly download the tracks via mp3.  that is very 
convenient. 
wes, vermont, usa

hello, i just wanted to compliment you on the great recordings on your nature sounds mp3's. i downloaded several and for the last 2 nights have been able to get to sleep listening to the beach waves recording. that is phenominal for me as i usually can not get to sleep for many hours after i once go to bed.
le ann, minnesota, usa

i want to thank you, in any case, for these beautiful nature sound recordings, which
bring to mind the experience of nature i remember from my childhood, when the sound of air and road traffic was not so omnipresent as today and people had the time and the need to be away from all their electrical gadgets sometimes. i truly miss the sense of unity and inner peace i recall when i hear the sounds of nature you recorded. since coming to live in the city 15 years ago, i have felt pretty well cut off from nature. 
sincerely,
lise, croatia

rolling thunder: it is indeed beautifully recorded with distinct nuances of the weather intact. i enjoy it immensely and appreciate the expertise involved in getting a rich recording. the other recordings i've listened too are pale by comparison and seemed forced and unnatural.
celeste, new jersey, usa

great thank you, you guys are fantastic and i love the nature sounds. i live in manhattan, nyc, and sleep to them. i will be ordering some more very very soon!! thank you very much again.
elizabeth, new york state, usa

i just received the nature cd in the mail and listened to it last night!
thanks for the speedy service.
i really like the cd so far, i have actually been looking for a 'cricket' only sound track for a long time. it reminds me of summer nights at a cottage/farm and soothes me to sleep.
so many other nature cds have too many other sounds added to the track for my liking i.e. instrumentals, birds etc. i like the plain cricket music! thanks again,
darci, ontario, canada

i just wanted to drop you a note to let you know how perfect the crickets calming cd is. i have been looking for this, it seems, forever. i am so happy to have it. it calms me and helps put me to sleep. my pets even enjoy it. they all relax and start snoring to the nature sounds. thanks so much,
lori, nevada, usa

the crickets calming cd is very relaxing. it takes me back to peaceful summer nights and puts me in a sort of "trance". the sound is very realistic like i am really there. thanks again.
charissa, california, usa

thanks for the great service. i got exactly what i wanted and the process was very easy and fast.
jana
i got the download thank you so much !  i have to say your customer service and quick response is remarkable i will definitely be a repeat customer because of this.  it is a pleasure to deal with someone like you and i will refer everyone i know to go to your site.  thank you so much.
tom

froggie froggie night: i was able to download it just fine.  i've been listening to it this afternoon at my desk and really enjoying it!  yours was one of the only sites i've found that had real recordings and not just synthesized "nature."  what a big difference!   thanks for a great product!
rebecca

i have just purchased my fifth and sixth recordings and thought you might be interested in how i'm using them.  living in oshawa and working in toronto, i use the go train for commuting to my job.  i read all the way to and from work, and use my mp3 player to deaden the external noise.  i found music was too distracting for certain subjects and went on a pursuit for something else to have in the background.  i found your web site a couple of months ago and have been listening to your nature recordings since.  the rain sounds and brook sounds work great.  today i purchased the surf sounds. these recordings work great to mask a lot of the noise. they are also very relaxing after a busy day at the office.  keep up the good work.
david from oshawa, ontario, canada

i'm pleased to report that the three nature sounds files i purchased from you last evening played flawlessly on my ipod. please pardon me if i wax a bit poetic, but those recordings of yours are just stunning. my favorite thing on this earth is to sit in the woods, and just watch and listen. your beautiful recordings capture that feeling of harmony and serenity (well, the listening part, anyway!). "river sounds" made a huge difference in my stress level at work today. it reminds me of my favorite camping spot along the temperance river in northern minnesota. thank you so much.
heather m, minneapolis, usa











best selling nature sounds mp3 downloads


river sounds © mp3































river sounds © mp3 is a beautiful, lively, vibrant yet relaxing, constant sound. it is ideal for background ambience, for masking other sounds - particularly conversation, or use for meditation.

sleepy night sounds © mp3






























sleepy sounds...serene sounds...peaceful sounds...a soundscape of a moonlit creek and nearby crickets.

boreal forest birds © mp3






























a relaxing early summer morning in the northern wilderness of spruce and pine. hear the sounds of lazy breezes ebb and flow, swirl and eddy, as a repetitious wood warbler chants his mantra. with a voice of golden honey, a white throated sparrow calls in the distance.



whispering waves © mp3































whispering waves © mp3 is a delicate detailed recording that slips through the ears... and into the soul... perfect for relaxation.

relaxation brook 2 © mp3






























shoo away the blahs with the sounds of spring. a lively light-hearted spirited spring brook bubbles over and around moss covered rocks as spring forest birds chorus. both the birds and the brook share the spotlight in this recording to create a perfect relaxation sound.

meditation brook © mp3






























a detailed recording of a soothing gentle brook provides a calming and relaxing experience. it contains only bubbling and running water sounds. it is perfect for meditation, sleep, ambience, or to use for indoor fountain sounds.



relaxing birds and frogs © mp3































relaxing birds and frogs © is a richly textured and constantly evolving summer morning recording made where wetland marsh meets woodland. contains loons, pileated woodpeckers, red-winged blackbirds, trillers, warblers, sparrows, phoebes, yellow-throats, juncos, vireos, blue jays, grosbeaks, chick-a-dees, ravens, and more.

sleepy cricket night © mp3






























sleepy cricket night © is ideal for relaxation, for meditation, or for sleep. it's a sleepy summer night. so sleepy that the clearest sounding cricket dozes off a few times in the middle of the song!

rolling thunder © mp3






























rolling thunder has distant and non-threatening sounds which naturally flow with a unique rumbling sound.  a gentle rain falls throughout forming a high counterpoint to the bass and sub-bass of the thunder. it excellently masks a variety of sounds. note: to hear thunder, you need larger speakers than those in laptops and smaller devices!



thunder and rain sounds © mp3
































thunder and rain sounds © mp3 is our latest thunder recording for relaxation or ambience. steady thunder without birds or other nature sounds to distract. available in 70 and 140 minute lengths. note: to hear thunder, you need larger speakers than those in laptops and smaller devices!

sleepy spring night - boreal forest © mp3





























sleepy spring night - boreal forest © - perfect... peaceful... ambience. it sounds like crickets, but it's not!

gentle rain and crickets © mp3































gentle rain and crickets © mp3 is a soothing and relaxing night-time ambience of fireflies dancing in the air of a warm moonlit night.



nature sounds cds


medicine falls sleep cd















medicine falls sleep is a pure waterfall recording of pink noise. pink noise has a fuller body and less hiss than white noise.

crickets calming cd















crickets calming is a cd of five different cricket night recordings. the sounds of crickets on a warm summer night.

healing falls cd















soothing and calming, healing falls is a natural source of white noise. ideal for relaxation, meditation, and sleep.



new nature sounds mp3 releases:

autumn river © mp3














autumn river mp3 is perfect for meditation on the water element as there are no other sounds to distract. its constant volume makes it ideal for sleeping. free from loops and available in 70 or 155 minute 3-d versions. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section.


evening crickets © mp3


































evening crickets mp3 is ideal for relaxing, meditation, and sleeping. free from loops and available in 70 or 140 minute 3-d versions. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section.


summer night bullfrogs © mp3


































summer night bullfrogs mp3 is perfectly paced for sleeping. free from loops and available in 70 or 149 minute versions. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section.


bullfrogs and loons © mp3


































bullfrogs and loons mp3 was recorded overnight on the shore of a northern lake. free from loops and available in 70 or 200 minute versions. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section.


white-throated sparrow © mp3


































white-throated sparrow is the ideal relaxation recording for the bird lover. these bird calls recorded at dawn in the spring. without repeats or loops. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section.


rocky shore sounds © mp3


































rocky shore sounds is a perfect wilderness recording for relaxation or for creating an ambience. waves on angular rocks yield unique tones. without repeats or loops. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section.


spring river sounds © mp3



















 













spring river sounds is a light, bright, full-bodied running water sound that is perfect for meditation on the element of water and all the energies of spring. without repeats or loops. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section.


spring water trickle © mp3



































spring water trickle is a delicate and light running water sound that is perfect for an indoor fountain sound. available in 1 and 2 hour versions with no repeats or loops. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section.


thunder and rain sounds © mp3



































for the love of thunder!! the latest thunderstorm production features louder rain and rumbles than before with lots of sky crackles! available in 1 and 2 hour versions with no repeats or loops. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section. note: to hear thunder, you need larger speakers than those in laptops and smaller devices!


afternoon rain relaxation © mp3


































afternoon rain relaxation © mp3 is a natural source of spacious white noise. available in 1 and 2 hour versions. more information and a free sample is available here in the download section.










































nature sounds for relaxation and meditation
nature sounds are ideal to use as a background when practicing relaxation or meditation. the slower pace and the constant ambience of nature sounds causes both the mind and the body to relax. listening to natural sounds can also trigger memories of pleasant past experiences, and these memories, for today's typical urban dweller, are usually of past vacations or excursions, and of childhood experiences. the slow tempo of repetitive soothing sounds of the higher end of the frequency spectrum have an especially relaxing effect on the pysche.
the sounds of running water, like those of water falls, streams, rivers, rain yield a broadband noise especially good at masking noise. plus, the natural rhythms, combined with the randomness of nature sounds, calms and holds the attention better than mechanical or software sources. having problems sleeping? use the sounds of crickets in the background. since the dawn of time, its a background sound that countless generations have listened to as they sleep. we have a website devoted entirely to sounds for sleeping at sleepy nature sounds.com.

more testimonials
this evening i purchased the cd length versions of sleepy cricket night, meditation brook. sleepy cricket and meditation brook are both wonderful recordings and are exactly what i was looking for.
aaron, canada

just like to say i have had 5 of your long tracks now for around 3 and a half years. got to be one of the best sound purchases i have ever made. i use them all the time at work (i work in a busy office) where they really help me concentrate. my 8 1/2 year old boy has been sent to sleep with them since he was 5 and he still loves them. just visiting you site again now and i'm sure i'm going to be buying some more from you...
richard, uk.

fantastic recording!  i had previewed several other recordings of the same type and even some of the "sound machines" available.  none even came close to your outstanding recordings...
ray

what a beautiful cricket cd you have made!  i love it so much.  i listen to it at night for relaxation at bedtime. i always fall asleep.  the sound quality is excellent.  the long play time is excellent, too.
lisa, maryland, usa

i wanted to let you know that i am so happy i found your website. i currently live in a rental that has quite a nice view of nature, but the traffic noise, and noise in the building is very distracting. i purchased 2 of your waterfall mp3's which provide a perfect background nature sound to block out the unwanted noise. i am listening to the kakabeka falls mp3 right now, and am loving it. thank you for providing an atmosphere of beautiful nature sounds! i am recommending your website to others.
janet, spokane, usa

paypal services are used for secure transactions


all money transactions are handled by secure pay pal servers at no cost to the purchaser. major credit cards are accepted with no registration required.
paypal is fast, free, and secure to use and you do not need a paypal account to make a purchase. paypal offers service in over 65 countries with over 100 million registered users, 
       including more than 2.2 million business accounts. if you would like more information about paypal and how it works, here is a link to www.paypal.com.
the "for sale" downloads are handled by payloadz. payloadz is a separate company that secures the downloads using paypal for the money transactions. you may find out more about payloadz at www.payloadz.com.
 







page url: http://www.naturesounds.ca/
revision date: july 1, 2018.
please direct all e-mail enquiries to (about sales, wholesale purchases, copyright, website): sales@naturesounds.ca
copyright © 2004-2015, nature sounds.ca. images and text may be used only within the context of the pages of this website, or in a review, article or critique of this website. use of the programming code is reserved. the offered sounds may be used for personal use. instructors and students may use the materials of this website for purposes of instruction or writing assignments, if printed credit is given. if the course materials or assignments are done over the www, using a website link is appropriate. all other rights are reserved. use of this website's materials for public performance, or reproducing materials of this website for sale or other distribution, is not permitted without written permission from nature sounds.ca.
™













