





rhode island wedding planning and venues - providence, newport, warwick, cranston




























ri wedding pros

bandsdjsinvitationsmusiciansofficiantsphotographersvenuesvideographers more >>


venues
invitations
home







log in
sign up
join as a pro















rhode island weddings
find wedding services and wedding venues in ri — photographers, videographers, officiants, djs, bands, wedding musicians, hair and makeup,
                              invitations, and more.






what are you looking for?accessoriesbachelor(ette)bandsbridal registriesbridal showsbridal wear & dressescakescalligrapherscaterersceremony siteschocolate fountainsdance instructorsdecorationsdestination weddingsdjsfavorsfloristshair & makeupice sculpturesinvitationsjewelerslimousinesmusiciansofficiantsphoto boothphotographersplannersreal estaterentalsrestaurantstoasts & speechestuxedos and formal wearvalet parking servicesvenuesvideographers 


















search ri wedding pros
get quotes from many wedding professionals at once. no need to repeat all your wedding details. complete only one form.





free wedding tools
plan  your wedding with ease with our free wedding planning tools.





reception and ceremony venues
where to have your wedding reception and/or ceremony is always a difficult decision. find venues here.











rhode island wedding professionals and venues


accessoriesbachelor(ette)bandsbridal registriesbridal showsbridal wear & dressescakescalligrapherscaterersceremony siteschocolate fountainsdance instructorsdecorationsdestination weddingsdjsfavorsfloristshair & makeupice sculpturesinvitationsjewelerslimousinesmusiciansofficiantsphoto boothphotographersplannersreal estaterentalsrestaurantstoasts & speechestuxedos and formal wearvalet parking servicesvenuesvideographers














requirements to obtain a marriage license in rhode island:

individuals must be 18 or older to obtain a marriage license.
females must be at least 16 years old with parental consent.
no medical exam or waiting period is required.
a birth certificate is required for proof of birth. a passport or alien card may be accepted for persons born outside the united states who cannot obtain a birth record.
a valid government issued form of identification. some offices will not accept a 
					    passport without a certified copy of a birth certificate.
once issued, the license is valid for three (3) months.
if both people live in rhode island, the license can be obtained in the town of any of the residents.
if only one person lives in rhode island, the license must be obtained in the town of the ri resident.
if both people live out of state, the license must be obtained in the clerks' office of the city or town where the marriage ceremony will be performed.
license cost is $24.00 payable to the city or town.
the ri government site has more information.
you can print the pdf here..

city halls and clerk's offices: providence, warwick, cranston, pawtucket, east
				      providence, woonsocket, newport
ri marriage license requirements >> 













×



contact us

name



email



phone



question / comments



what's (22 + five + 3) ?


contact us

















×



user signup
please sign up to easily save and contact wedding professionals, and access planning tools.

name



email



password



what's (40 plus six - 1) ?


sign up
by clicking "sign up" you agree to our terms of use
already a member? log in here!


















×



user login

email



password


log in







forgot pasword? request reset 
wedding professionals: log in here!









×



















videos
×












audio files / music samples
×















riwedding.com is the original wedding directory in rhode island. we've been helping brides and grooms plan their ri weddings since 1998.





                            get in touch
                        

contact us
advertise
advertiser login
terms of service
sitemap


maweddings.comconnecticut-weddings.com 




list you business
are you a ri wedding professional or wedding venue? list your venue or wedding business with us and get more customers.
list your business











© 1998 - 2025 riwedding.com - all rights reserved




















