


the vintage model company - the joy is in the making!






















01629 258240free uk mainland delivery on orders over £30€  (eur)£  (gbp)$  (usd)sign in0cataloguekits for beginnersrc planes for beginnerssimple free flight modelssimple glidersmodel plane kitsrc planesglidersfree flight kitsrubber poweredscale modelscontrol linejetexpower systems & electronicsbatteriesbattery chargersbrushless motorsdiesel enginesescsflight packsflight rubberrocket motorsrubber windersservostimers & dethermaliserstransmitters & receiversmaterialsaluminiumbrasscoppercoveringsfoam boardglues, dopes & fillerspaints & brushespiano wirewoodhardware & sparesbalsa basics sparescanopies & cowlsdecals & stickershinges, links & connectorsnose buttons & bushespilot figuresplans & instructionsplastic propellerspropshafts & hooksspinnerswheels - plasticwheels - woodenwing bandswooden propeller kitstoolsabrasivescutting toolsmiscellaneouspins & clampspower toolsbrandsaerographicsbalsa basicsbluebottle squadrondeluxe materialsf.r.o.g.keil kraftkk replicaslegends of flightmagnificent flying machinesmercuryskyleadatamiyatspveronvmcwest wingsclearance  traditional model planes for you to build and fly!choose from 219 laser-cut balsa wood kits, all made in britain and shipped worldwideget startedsimple free flight modelsrc planes for beginnerssimple glidersbest sellersquick viewsupermarine spitfire mk.vb | 18" balsa kit£34.99add to basket(5)quick viewsupermarine spitfire nightfighter | 18" balsa kit£34.99add to basket(4)newquick viewwestland lysander | 22" balsa kit£34.99add to basket(1)what our customers saydelightful model.rating:04 january 2025  |  philmy first balsa model for donkey's years. a most enjoyable build, with a few challenges. great kit and laser cutting is wonderful. thanks vmc.mercury magnarating:30 august 2024  |  davethe mercury magna from vintage model company is a really good kit and it flies very well using a brushless motor, an esc, lipo battery and with rudder & elevator control. weight ready to fly is under the 250 gram limit.romanyrating:28 august 2024  |  anthonywow. i just received the vmc romany, and the quality is fantastic. the wood selection reminds me of the old west wing kits. the laser cutting is first rate, and the inclusion of a balsa propellor is a real bonus. this is a great re-imagining of a really good,poorly produced kit. i wish more of the west wings kits would resurface.the  vmc claim that this is probably one of the best free flight kits available is not wide of the mark. i have built kits from manufacturers all over the world, and can confirm this. keep it up.vmc laser limitedthe cattle sheds, flagg, buxton, derbyshire, sk17 9qttel: +44 (0) 1629 258240sales@vintagemodelcompany.comco. reg. in england & wales: 13398549vat no: gb416925877informationdeliveryrefundstermsprivacyabout uscontact uscompany historyour newsaerogramme newsletter© 2012 - 2025 the vintage model company.cookies and privacywe use cookies on this website. you are free to manage these via your browser settings at any time. for more about how we use cookies, please see our cookie policy.accept allessential only
