






psr maine








































































skip to content










psr national













search



				search			







close



 




































psr national










search



				search			







close



 






issues first column climate and health building electrification in maine alliance of maine health professionals for climate action nuclear weapons toxic chemicals second column 











about first column board & staff history newsletternewsevents first column past events second column 











resources first column search by issue or category toxics resources nuclear resources climate resources second column search by type fact sheets & infographics policy positions & testimony reports video resource archive news archive third column 











sign updonate




 




×
issues first column climate and health building electrification in maine alliance of maine health professionals for climate action nuclear weapons toxic chemicals second column 











about first column board & staff history newsletternewsevents first column past events second column 











resources first column search by issue or category toxics resources nuclear resources climate resources second column search by type fact sheets & infographics policy positions & testimony reports video resource archive news archive third column 











sign updonate










 







 










working to prevent















what cannot be cured



guided by the values and expertise of medicine and public health, psr maine works to protect human life from the gravest threats to health and survival. 










learn more




2024 accomplishments


 




























upcoming events












calendar




























no upcoming events at the moment


























updates & news












all news
























														physicians for social responsibility maine (psr maine): 2024 achievements and initiatives													


throughout 2024, psr maine has actively engaged in a variety of initiatives aimed at promoting public health, environmental sustainability, and social responsibility. 


read more about physicians for social responsibility maine (psr maine): 2024 achievements and initiatives










														back from the brink													


join health advocates all across the us by endorsing the back from the brink statement.


read more about back from the brink










														psr maine 2023 year in review													


psr maine’s year in review for 2023. 


read more about psr maine 2023 year in review










														psr issues statement on russian invasion of ukraine													


physicians for social responsibility condemns the russian invasion.


read more about psr issues statement on russian invasion of ukraine




















receive latest news












subscribe




























welcome to psr maine



















psr maine is a group of health care providers, health professionals in training, and public health and citizen advocates who have shared concerns regarding public health. our work is informed by scientific and health research – which is the foundation and defining feature of our advocacy and educational programming. 










donate




sign up for action alerts


 




























our core issues
























nuclear weapons

















the medical and humanitarian reasons why our military strategy needs to be changed, and eventually nuclear weapons must be abolished 



						learn more					

























climate and health

















the health consequences of climate change and air pollution, and the urgent need for policies that will mitigate these risks 



						learn more					

























toxic chemicals

















the growing medical evidence that chemical exposures related to industrial pollution and common household product use have complex interactions with human physiology and are contributing to the noted increase in obesity and chronic illnesses. 



						learn more					

























our campaigns
















nuclear weapons abolition advocates
there are currently 68 nations that have ratified and are legally bound by the international treaty on the prohibition of nuclear weapons which calls for the elimination of all nuclear weapons. the us is not one of them. psr maine works in collaboration with representatives from major medical, health, faith, and peace organizations in maine, to get other organizations and local governments to adopt resolutions educating the public about the urgent humanitarian consequences of nuclear weapons and to urge elected officials to prevent nuclear war through policy changes and diplomacy. join our work in this campaign to encourage other organizations and local governments to endorse the bank from the brink statement. 









alliance of maine health professionals for climate action
the alliance of maine health professionals for climate action (alliance) is a coalition of health professionals including nurses, physicians, health professional students, and public health leaders concerned about the impacts of climate change on maine residents, especially those in vulnerable populations. the alliance was founded in response to what health professionals are already experiencing in health care settings throughout maine. are you a health professional? join us!









maine’s environmental priorities coalition (epc)
epc is a partnership of 37 environmental, conservation, and public health organizations together representing over 120,000 residents of maine who want to protect the good health, good jobs, and quality of life that our environment provides.  as a member of the epc, psr maine works to identify important legislation that we will support for each legislative session. join our work in this campaign to engage with the state legislature on important policies.

















contact director@psrmaine.org to learn more!









 





















© 2025 physicians for social responsibility, all rights reserved.









maine physicians for social responsibility
126 western avenue #1012
augusta, me 04330
email: info@psrmaine.org




































































 

scroll to top

















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

