


burnett honors college – cultivating talent. inspiring excellence.












































skip to main content


























burnett honors college


navigation


about

college overviewstaff directorydean’s advisory boarddean’s leadership councilscholar spotlightsmeditation gardenbhc building tourstrategic plan
university honors

aboutadmissionsorientationadvisinghonors symposiumgraduationpoliciesfaculty
honors undergraduate thesis

aboutadmissionsprogram resourcesgraduationfaculty
resources

myhonorsburnett medical scholarshonors congresscomputer labposter printinghonors scholarshipsgraduation medallion conferraloffice of prestigious awardsstudy abroadpolicies
connect

alumnifamiliesgivenewsletter
 





cultivating talent.
inspiring excellence.


 


 





skip to section
















at the burnett honors college, community is at the heart of everything we do.



our scholars thrive in an environment that sparks enthusiasm, drives ambition, and unleashes their full potential.
here, your intellectual curiosity will be nurtured within a close-knit, supportive community, all while gaining access to cutting-edge resources at one of the nation’s most innovative research universities. you will develop creative problem-solving skills and cultivate your talents to tackle the challenges of tomorrow. and our diverse and energetic community of scholars offers a perfect balance of academic rigor and vibrant social experiences, allowing you to build lasting friendships and fully realize your dreams.
i invite you to visit our beautiful campus and see firsthand what makes ucf and the burnett honors college exceptional. we believe you will find a place where you truly feel at home and be inspired to achieve excellence.

sheila amin, phd
dean, burnett honors college








our programs




the burnett honors college at the university of central florida is designed to attract and challenge students who have demonstrated an ability to achieve academic excellence. honors students receive an education that prepares them to enter the best graduate and professional schools, as well as pursue distinguished careers in a variety of fields. the burnett honors college offers two distinct programs of study – university honors and honors undergraduate thesis.







university honors



university honors is a four-year program designed to offer a small college experience within a large research university throughout each student’s undergraduate career. the university honors curriculum, which consists of honors symposium, general education courses, upper-division courses for a variety of majors, and interdisciplinary seminars, contributes to a robust and well-rounded educational experience.







honors undergraduate thesis



honors undergraduate thesis is a two-to-four semester program that gives motivated and talented junior and senior students the opportunity to conduct original and independent research in their declared major or another discipline under the supervision of a faculty committee, culminating in a thesis or creative project.



our scholars in the news


 




 


student life



								an idea, thousands of dollars and (3 years later) a breakthrough							

								two ucf students leaned on one priceless principle while developing an ai system that has exceeded their wildest expectations: “we refuse to quit.”							








 


colleges & campus



								3 ucf students honored with the 2024 astronaut scholarship							

								the astronaut scholarship aims to inspire university students to pursue scientific excellence and maintain the united states’ leadership in technology and innovation.							








 


colleges & campus



								digging deeper: how a ucf anthropology graduate uncovered her purpose							

								first-generation graduate melanie langgle ’24 has unearthed more than artifacts — she’s discovered a deep sense of purpose that has shaped her life and future…							








events


events 



feb 25
2:00 pm




						gilman scholarship information session					


					if you plan to study or intern abroad between may 1, 2025 and april 30, 2026, you may be interested in applying for the gilman international scholarship program. the gilman scholarship is a $5,000 award given to current pell grant recipients interested in study abroad internships…				




mar 11
10:00 am




						honors undergraduate thesis (hut) information session					


					maximize your undergraduate experience at ucf by participating in the honors undergraduate thesis (hut) program. join us to learn more. about this event the honors undergraduate thesis (hut) program allows juniors and seniors from all disciplines to engage in original…				




mar 11
3:00 pm




						chatting over chai					


					have exciting news you want to share? need help reaching your goals? looking to make new friends within bhc? join deans sheila and marty for informal conversation while enjoying chai (and other teas).				



 
click here for more events.







@ucfbhc








load more






 follow on instagram

















burnett honors college





like us on facebook





find us on instagram





view our linkedin page





follow us on youtube



 

contact us

12778 aquarius agora dr.
orlando, fl 32816
phone: (407) 823-2076
fax: (407) 823-6583
email: honors@ucf.edu

 

website issues?

find a broken link or see an error? please let us know at honors@ucf.edu.

 


 












































 

