     new & used honda dealership in avondale | earnhardt honda | near phoenix, scottsdale, & glendale                                                                     earnhardt honda        sales 888-907-2288    service 888-418-9933  parts 888-719-3322      10151 w papago fwyavondale, az 85323                                        service        map        contact                       earnhardt honda              call 888-907-2288   directions                 home   new vehicles   new vehicles   search inventory   schedule test drive   honda model research   value your trade   suv comparison   2024 honda prologue      pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   value your trade   buy your car back   better used cars avondale     🔋 ev hub   express store   shop all models   how it works     models   models   model comparisons   honda accord   new honda civic hatchback review   new honda civic sedan    honda cr-v   honda cr-v e:fcev   honda hr-v    honda odyssey   honda passport   new honda pilot review   honda prologue   honda ridgeline      specials   manufacturer incentives   certified pre-owned specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   honda graduate program   military offer     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   order parts   honda parts   honda recalls   earnhardt auto body    honda tire center   auto glass   honda rentals     finance   finance department   online credit approval   payment calculator   protection plans     about us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   our blog   contact us   hours & directions   reviews and feedback   employment   earnhardt history   earnhardt local   privacy policy   privacy requests                     home   new vehicles   new vehicles   search inventory   schedule test drive   honda model research   value your trade   suv comparison   2024 honda prologue      pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   value your trade   buy your car back   better used cars avondale     🔋 ev hub   express store   shop all models   how it works     models   models   model comparisons   honda accord   new honda civic hatchback review   new honda civic sedan    honda cr-v   honda cr-v e:fcev   honda hr-v    honda odyssey   honda passport   new honda pilot review   honda prologue   honda ridgeline      specials   manufacturer incentives   certified pre-owned specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   honda graduate program   military offer     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   order parts   honda parts   honda recalls   earnhardt auto body    honda tire center   auto glass   honda rentals     finance   finance department   online credit approval   payment calculator   protection plans     about us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   our blog   contact us   hours & directions   reviews and feedback   employment   earnhardt history   earnhardt local   privacy policy   privacy requests                




new  specials


used  specials


service  specials













     find your vehicle   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       












new inventory
search new










used inventory
search used










buy online










schedule service




      search new inventory     search used inventory            our vehicles  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      accord      civic      cr-v      cr-v hybrid      hr-v      passport      pilot      prologue      odyssey      ridgeline     explore all new inventory                        disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                     disclaimer                                                                                  disclaimer                                                                                      

quality service
certified service experts can help
we made your honda the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. earnhardt honda technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service


      




schedule test drive
get behind the wheel when you vist our local honda dealership.
schedule test drive







certified pre-owned
browse our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles.
search certified







vehicles under 25k
check out our affordable vehicles and find the one that fits you.
search under 25k




            







earnhardt honda dealership serving phoenix metro
if you are looking for your next car, then why not make it a new honda suv, sedan or hatchback? even if you are window shopping, you should learn about all that phoenix honda dealers have to offer, and earnhardt honda can be your guide. 
our avondale store is your ideal destination for all things honda. we offer the new honda lineup with no bull pricing and competitive financing to assist you. 




as an earnhardt store, our focus is on you. we want you to be satisfied with your shopping experience. customer service is our first priority at our honda scottsdale store.
it really makes sense to choose honda, given its excellent reputation and its many smart options.  big families have exciting choices including the 3 row honda pilot and the honda odyssey minivan. 
         
every honda purchase promises reliability, durability, cutting-edge technology, and long road lives.  adding value and peace of mind, 2023 or newer honda models come with complimentary maintenance for up to two years or 24,000 miles. manufacturer specials can sweeten your purchase or lease.
if you don’t need more than 5 seats, you’ll want to look at the spacious passport, the super-popular honda cr-v, and the smart hr-v.  then there’s the award-winning honda accord and honda civic. 
schedule a test drive and add some fun to your weekly routine.  visit our earnhardt honda dealership phoenix today.







used honda dealer
if you prefer to buy a pre-owned car, our large inventory has you covered. we would love to show you all of the choices available, including honda certified pre owned models.




if you choose hondatrue certified pre owned vehicles, these have powertrain coverage for up to 7 years or 100,000 miles. furthermore, these honda models have limited coverage for up to four years or 48,000 miles. 
hondatrue vehicles are guaranteed to have lower mileage and a clean carfax report. plus your certified purchase includes up to two oil changes for the first year of ownership.
even though we are a used honda dealer, we maintain a selection of better used cars from all major automakers. our only requirement is that pre owned models be worthy of a spot on our lot. after all, our reputation relies on customer satisfaction. shop used inventory.

 













certified honda service center
honda engineers made your honda the superior vehicle it is today, and the earnhardt service department wants to ensure it remains that way. at our state-of-the-art service center, you’ll find auto repair that is fast, efficient and long-lasting. we utilize oem parts to ensure the best outcomes for honda scottsdale drivers.




earnhardt honda technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. while we specialize in all things honda, our technicians regularly work on all makes and models.

         
our goal is to partner with phoenix az drivers, helping their vehicles stay on the road longer. with the right maintenance and repair, engines are better performers, and their fuel efficiency is enhanced. 
our repairs are competitively priced, and car service specials help keep consumer costs down. schedule your appointment 







where are hondas made?
of the hondas sold in the united states in 2022, some two-thirds were made here. five automobile plants are located in alabama, ohio, and indiana. honda is based in its home country of japan where it has more car factories to serve the us marketplace.



       

honda ridgeline trucks, odyssey minivans, and honda passport suvs made the top 10 of the american made index in 2023. plus they were designed in the us by honda engineers. 
honda accord sedans and pilot suvs were in the top 15 american made vehicles. honda cr-vs and civics were in the top 100. including acuras, the us honda plants produced more than 1.27 million automobiles in 2022.
plus the new electric honda is manufactured in the us. on track for 2024, some plants are being retooled to make electric vehicle batteries. honda already makes engines, power equipment, and other products at its us facilities. the company works with some 600 american suppliers to secure transmissions and other oem parts.
please stop by earnhardt honda to sample our excellent cars, suvs, trucks and minivans.check inventory.










earnhardt honda
visit our phoenix metro car dealership today
more about us



follow us




                            







    sales hours         monday 8:00am - 9:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 9:00pm    friday 8:00am - 9:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 6:00pm         service hours         monday 7:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed        







                           copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | earnhardt honda | 10151 w papago fwy, avondale, az 85323 | sales: 888-907-2288             












  





               