
















jka boston 














toggle navigation




jka boston
 
 
 





jka boston home
class schedule
membership fees




jka boston instructors
        			




— chief instructor
— instructors







training at jka boston
        			




— beginners classes
— typical class
— japanese terms







philosophy
        			




— dojo kun
— training precepts







events
        			




— dan exam & qualifications
— world cup
— email list & news



directions to the dojo




shotokan karate-do international
        			




— within the usa
— outside the usa



links to other karate sites
 






jka boston
 					310 harvard street
 					2nd floor
 					brookline, ma  02446
  					(617) 566-2966
getinfo@jkaboston.com

 




 


close menu





the japan karate association of boston
dedicated to the promotion and preservation of shotokan karate


jka boston
dedicated to the promotion and preservation of shotokan karate

quick information

 class schedule
 map & directions
 617-566-2966








for more than 30 years, the japan karate association of boston has promoted traditional shotokan karate. 
          we are affiliated with the jka world federation and shotokan karate-do international (see below).


location
located in brookline's coolidge corner, jka boston can be easily reached by the green line. for information on finding us, see our directions page.
beginners class
beginning students attend a separate beginners class twice a week for 
          one month before joining regular classes. a new beginner class starts the first tuesday of each month, january to november.
training schedule
jka boston has many classes throughout the week. for times, see the class schedule 
          page. we strongly recommend that members train at least three times a week.
fees
the base rate  is $120 per month for adults and $110 per month for full-time students and members under 18. 
          you can get a discount by paying before the first of the month, or by paying three months or more in advance. we also offer reduced rates for families. for more 
          details, see the membership fees page.
rank tests
rank tests are given regularly. kyu exams (white, green, and brown belt tests) occur every three months. dan exams (black belt tests) occur 
          every six months. all black belt ranks are recognized internationally and are registered at jka headquarters in japan.
high quality instruction
since 1992,   jka boston members have qualified for world cup competitions, including many of our 
          instructors. this reflects the outstanding teaching of sensei toryu, 7th dan (7th degree black belt), and the exceptional 
          training environment at our dojo. for more information about this competition, see the about the world cup page.
exercise both mind and body
aside from being one of the most effective methods of self-defense, karate is an excellent form of stress management 
          and aerobic exercise for the entire family. using all the muscle groups, karate training develops flexibility, coordination, balance, 
          posture, and muscle tone. it is a great way to improve your health and overall fitness.
more than 50 years ago, o-sensei funakoshi stated, "karate-do is not merely a sport that teaches how to strike and kick; 
          it is also a defense against illness and disease."
a way of life
traditional shotokan karate is more than just exercise. our philosophy emphasizes strengthening 
          personal character and respecting others. we continuously strive towards self-improvement. many of our members have been training 
          or over 10 years, some for more than 30 years. 
 





rising block



kata




knife hand block



step-in punch


 




about jka and shotokan karate-do international


about jka and shotokan karate-do international

the japan karate association, headquartered 
            in tokyo, was founded in 1948 by the students of master funakoshi, the father of today's karate. the jka now operates worldwide 
            to maintain the high standards of instruction and training established by master funakoshi and to encourage the growth and development of karate.
shotokan karate-do international, founded by sensei masataka mori (1932-2018) and operated out of 
            new york city, is directed by sensei shu takahashi, 7th dan (7th degree black belt).  
            for skdi dojos and contact informaton, please see our list of dojos within the usa and
				 outside the usa.
 jka boston maintains the same style of traditional japanese karate taught at jka dojos around the world. jka boston participates in regional, national, and world tournaments, as well as spring, summer, fall, and winter 
            training camps, which are hosted by jka and its affiliates. 
 

 


© copyright 1999-2024 jka boston






we use cookies for analytics and to understand site usage.
accept all
accept selection
reject all

necessary
analytics
preferences
marketing













