


shostakovich school of music, art and dance | home











































































































home


departments


schedule


day care


teachers


galleries


photo galleries


video galleries




contact us






home


departments


schedule


day care


teachers


galleries


-- photo galleries


-- video galleries


contact us










  registration form for 2024/25 yearregister now! welcome to shostakovich school and daycare programlicensed by the new york state department of educationmusicindividual lessons consist of knowledge of theory of music, reading notes, musical technic, developing of memory and full learning of instrument.
danceclassical ballet all levels include pontes (lyrical and modern ballet). modern dance, jazz, hip-hop and top-dancing. ballroom dance, standard and latina.
artmany kids love to draw and have an artist’s filling. hundreds children took art lessons at school. classes for children from age 3 and adults.
chessfrom the beginning to advanced classes. participating in domestic and city chess competition. classes for children from age 4 and adults.
  overviewour missionestablished to fill a vital need for a new kind of cultural education in the ustribute to shostakovichthe shostakovich school of music, art and dance is named after one of the most important soviet composers of the time. the school is both named in tribute to him and in the hope that our students will emulate his artistic talent.
three centers in new york areasince it’s inception in 1981, the shostakovich school of music, art and dance, has grown from a dream envisioned by a small group of russian emigrants, to a vibrant multifaceted music and art institution with three centers in the metropolitan new york area.

students enrolled at the shostakovich school are encouraged to achieve their maximum potential and to experience the satisfaction that comes from the study and mastery of the arts.
the curriculum has been designed to motivate students to participate fully in the educational process and to relate their studies to life, to society, and their own personal development.
this philosophy of education gives inspiration to our students throughout their lives, whether they become professional artists or active amateurs.

  shostakovich school’s rules & regulationpayment rules
all lessons must be paid at the beginning of the month for the full month. the payment must be made by the 5th of the month. after the 5th, a 5% late charge will be applied. after the 10th, a 10% late charge will be applied. all cancellations must be made 24 hrs prior to the lessons. all lessons cancelled less than 24 hrs prior will be paid for (private lessons).
music private lessons
30 min=$38 each once a week 30 min=$38 each twice a week  45 min=$55 each once a week  45 min=$55 each twice a week  60 min=$65 each once a week  60 min=$65 each twice a week
dance/drama/art private lessons
30 min=$40 each once a week 30 min=$38 each twice a week 45 min=$55 each once a week60 min=$70 each once a week 60 min=$65 each twice a week
group lessons
60 min=$35 each once a week 60 min=$32 each twice a week 90 min=$50 each once a week 90 min=$45 each twice a week math, english, russian group lesson 60 min=$40/group $65/private for 60 min drama, art, musical show lessons musical show 60 min=$35 each once a week  musical show 90 min=$45 each once a week  drama group lesson 90 min=$45 once a week/private-$65
baby lessons
60 min=$35 once a week  60 min=$30 each twice a week or more
registration fee $60 per year
all lessons are subject to makeup, no refunds!!!
 our departmentsour music, dance and art departments offer private and group lessons artmany kids love to draw and have an artist’s filling. hundreds children took art lessons at school. classes for children from age 3 and adults.read morebaby lessonsage from 2 to 5.read morechessfrom the beginning to advanced classes. participating in domestic and city chess competition. classes for children from age 4 and adults.read moredanceclassical ballet all levels include pontes (lyrical and modern ballet). modern dance, jazz, hip-hop and top-dancing. ballroom dance, standard and latina.read moredramaknowledge to perform and performing on the stage as an actor or host. putting the play on the stage "central park".read moremusicindividual lessons consist of knowledge of theory of music, reading notes, musical technic, developing of memory and full learning of instrument.read moremusical theatervocal performing plus stage behavior combining knowledge of singing and body movements. broadway musicals are in the programs.read moremusical rhythmicsinging sons, marching and listening of the music: classical composers tchaikovsky (album for the young’s), shuman (children’s album), grieg (peer gynt).read more   see shostakovich school's photo galleriesview galleries meet our teachersour teachers are impressive professionals – both as educators and as early childhood caregivers we cultivate exceptional educators across nyc and honor their skills, creativity, and excellence in the classroom. our teachers are world travelers, savvy expats, and brilliant polyglots. we hire teachers that are not only awesome teachers but also amazingly talented at other things. your teacher can likely recommend a great foreign band in town, outlast you on the salsa floor, and cultivate the perfect international playlist for a spontaneous road trip… all while also being incredibly good at teaching you how to dance, sign or play chess!
 



alexander glukhoyguitar teacheralexander graduated from moscow academy, majoring as a professional guitar player and a teacher. he has a background in teaching in us and ukraine and training students in us for getting in to prestigious schools.



olga lomtevadrums and voice teacherolga has performed with numerous companies all over the world, presenting her extensive repertoire of operatic roles by verdi, puccini, bizet, stravinsky, tchaikovsky, rimsky-korsakov, and mussorgsky.



arnold shvetsovhistory of art, theater, drama teacher


alexander tenenbaumviolin teacher






 very-very good school! i was dancing and singing there! teachers are so smart and teaching very good! thank you!
kathy naumovai love shostakovitch school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am a student there for already 6 years in ballet! i love my teacher svetlana who helps us a lot!!
yulka li feel lucky to have found shostakovich school of music, art & dance located in brooklyn, ny. i began my journey at the age of 9 with piano lessons.
olivia hendersoni was fortunate to have studied musical theatre at the shostakovich school in brooklyn which helped greatly in launching my career in the performing arts.
pritchett katharinefrom the very young age my daughter was interested in many different types and various styles of music at home or in the car. as she got older, i was amazed at how well she respond to music and how quickly she can memorize the lyrics.
karen pollockmy son attends music school in brooklyn at the shostakovich school for the performing arts. he is taking saxophone and has a strong desire to become a professional musician and with the progress he has made i believe he will.
maginnis lowe contact usthe quickest way to reach us is to fill out the simple contact form belowmain office297 avenue x
brooklyn, ny 11235
tel. (718) 781-0053, (718) 376-8056, 917-991-0658
bath avenue1938 bath avenue
brooklyn, ny 11214
tel. (718) 781-0053, (718) 376-8056, 917-991-0658
brighton beach avenue414 brighton beach avenue
brooklyn, ny 11235
tel. (718) 781-0053, (718) 376-8056, 917-991-0658
your name *your e-mail *subjectyour message *
 





1981-2024 © shostakovich school of music, art and sport by eddiz 


































































































 

