







suzukimusic - providing music lessons in the ottawa area





















































 






skip to content




 



toggle mobile menu



about
programs
faculty
resources
events
register
contact us
sponsors
faq











search for:



 















covid update:  its official! we have returned to in person group classes and events this school year while continuing to follow all public health measures. for private lessons, at the minimum, public health guidelines will always be followed, but faculty have developed their own studio specific guidelines based on their circumstances and comfort level.























first foster the heart, then help the child acquire ability.– shinichi suzuki













learn more










































 



instruments

find out more about the instruments we teach.   















 



senior

find out more about our senior specific programming.





















 



summer

find out more about our  summer programming.















 



headstart

find out more about our program for our youngest students.































registration 











we provide music lessons to the ottawa community.  the suzukimusic school year runs from the beginning of september to the beginning of june.  new students may register for music lesson at any time.  we look forward to welcoming you to our school community.   








 
registration info




























 

















 

















school events 











every year our school community undertakes a variety of events, from casual play ins to recitals and formal concerts.  each event gives our students the opportunity to apply their skills and experience the joy of making music for others.  















 
view all events

































key information at your fingertips 




















our latest newsletter
















calendar of events






















faq
















parent handbook


































sign up to stay in touch!

























connect with our suzukimusic community on instagram 
















suzukimusic summer camp 2025 registration is open!






looking for family day activities? join us at @opl






dear parents,

as we gear up for our parent talk o






a 5 week term of headstart makes a great gift for 






many thanks to @_curtisperry for these lovely phot


 





we had a fabulous time collaborating with @nac.cna


 





rehearsal is wrapping up. anyone recognize this pi
 





tomorrow! the faculty and liko are looking forward






witches and princesses and community helpers and m


 


 


load more...






 follow on instagram




































"perhaps it is music that will save the world." 



 

pablo casals




























 



























 facebook
instagram
youtube
  











proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: airi by athemes.			


































