


medford, oregon golf courses - quail point golf course - medford, oregon - rogue valley manor































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility









the golf course


course layout


golf shop


photo gallery


practice & instruction


event calendar




rates


rates & fees




wednesday night twilight league


weekly standings




quail point senior men's golf club


2025 schedule & results




quail point women's golf club


2025 schedule & results




leagues, tournaments & events


summer twilight  leagues


monday night madness sponsored weekly by stephens media group


divot divas girls night out


quail point public men's club


quail point women's golf club


quail point senior men's club




contact us


contact information


map & directions


pga golf news


links


career opportunities




junior development program


all quail point bookings are 9 holes only, 18 holes will be based on course and golf cart availability after 9 holes







	book a tee time







welcome to quail point golf course!one of the top public golf courses in southern oregon!








book a tee time




give the gift of golf




win free golf




make us your home course











summer league play starts in april!
monday night madness hosted by stephens media group
wednesday twilight league
thursday night divot divas
sign up today
541-857-7000
(go to league, tournament and event page above for more info)
                                                                                                 monday night madness winners week 17 season finale (8/26/24) 
                                                                                                1st place       rylan wood, ryan bogle- 28
                                                                                                        2nd place     jeff hunter, shane drury - 29
                                                                                                                3rd place    brock rasmussen, shane skinner - 30
                                                                                                     closest to the pin hole #4 - shane drury 9' 10"
                                                                                                             longest drive hole #8 - brandon adair
grand prize winners of the $500 gift cards to bandon dunes - mel gedde & skyler reagan
2024 quail point golf course club champion (gross) larry miller jr.
2024 quail point golf course club champion (net) cody wright


there's no better way to enjoy a beautiful day in southern oregon than by playing a round at quail point golf course. 
with 75 acres of lush fairways and manicured greens, quail point is the public course that feels private. conveniently located in the heart of medford, oregon, quail point is the perfect place to enjoy weekend fun with family and friends.
it's also a great way to unwind after a long day at the office. with a practice putting green, chipping area, golf shop, and the rogue valley's premier 9 hole golf course. our greens can't be beat! come out and enjoy the beauty of our golf course today!




  



 









hole 8




 












become a quail point insider!
get the latest news and specials from quail point golf course. don't miss out!














first name





last name







email








 
						please enter secure code above:
						





















news
 








quail point golf course 
address: 1200 mira mar ave. | medford, or 97504 
phone: 541.857.7000
website designed & developed by cybergolf



accessibility









