









leading manufacturer of work truck bodies & hoists | rugby manufacturing



















































































 




skip to main content




warranty
(800) 869-9162 

 

distributor login 











menuproductshoistssr and lr series truck hoiststr series trailer hoiststwin telescopic conversionlight dump bodieseliminatormedium & heavycontractor dump bodiestitan dump bodieseliminator medium dutyplatform bodiesnew! vari-class™ platform linelandscape uni-bodyrancher bodiesdump body & hoist accessoriesapplicationspublic works – designed with your municipality in mindlandscaping – whether hauling pallets, trees or equipment, our products are readycontracting – durable bodies ready to handle the day to daylight aggregate – products perfect for hauling mulch, pea gravel, and moresnow & ice – your versatile partner for the winter and beyondconstruction – strength and durability for your toughest jobsresourcesaboutour missionresource centertroubleshootingwarrantybecome a distributorfind a distributoremploymentgallerycontact





 














bringing you top-quality products 
							top-quality processes 
							 


innovations that drive performance 
							customer-driven  
							 


driven by american pride 
							proudly made in nd 
							 

view products 
							contact us 
							




welcome torugby manufacturing



rugby is north america’s leading designer and manufacturer of class 3 – 7 dump truck bodies, landscape bodies, platform bodies, truck and trailer hoists, related truck equipment and accessories.



vari-class1 platform base + 5 vari-able side options
= 6 rugged truck bodies
expansionwe are expanding and updating
our facilities to provide the highest
quality products for our customers.
isorugby’s quality processes are certified to iso 9001:2015 standards.
our productsconstructionstrength and durability
landscapingideal for pallets, equipment & more
public worksdesigned for your municipality
contractingready to handle the day to day
snow & iceyour versatile partner for winter
light aggregatehaul mulch, pea gravel & more







see what people have to say 
							with over 40 years of experience in the truck body and upfitting business, i have had the pleasure to work with the industry’s leading manufacturers. rugby has earned my business with their responsiveness and follow-through. at the end of the day, there are many companies that build quality equipment, but it’s the customer service that separates the good from the great. i highly recommend rugby manufacturing. 
							dean wells, pacific service center 
							keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_left

 


see what people have to say 
							our customers like the consistent quality of the rugby aluminum dumps, and our shop likes how smoothly the installation goes. 
							mike rolleman, work truck west 
							keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_left

 


see what people have to say 
							we have been a rugby distributor for a number of years now and with their help, we have grown sales on dump bodies, and flatbeds tremendously. they have a name that is known by our customers, and i feel our customers can trust rugby’s great american-made quality products! they are continuously adding and enhancing their product offerings by listening to their distributor network on the needs of the contractors we are serving. 
							scott schug, north central bus & equipment, inc. 
							keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_left

 


see what people have to say 
							the rugby company has made it very easy for us to deliver on time installation and quality builds to our customers. we have been impressed with how easy the ordering and delivery have been. we will continue to push the rugby bodies and look forward to a long term business relationship with them. 
							reed lowrence, trux service body & rigging 
							keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_left

 


see what people have to say 
							adding rugby to our lineup has allowed us to offer our customers high quality construction coupled with easy installation. the simplicity of installation has increased our production and lessened our customers' wait times. we are very happy to be able to offer rugby bodies to our customers, and they seem pretty happy as well. 
							ben dierolf, east coast truck bodies 
							keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_left

 







find a distributor in your area








your location




search radius

25 mi50 mi100 mi500 mi1000 mi



results

281216





























contact rugby manufacturing today


the undisputed leader


contact usfind a distributorcontact usfind a distributorfacebookyoutubelinkedincontact


(800) 869-9162
(701) 776-5722
sales@rugbymfg.com





515 1st street ne - industrial park
rugby, nd 58368




515 1st street ne - industrial park, rugby, nd 58368


links


distributor login
about
gallery
contact





products
privacy policy
other federal signal companies
warranty





  a birmingham website design company





privacy policy | accessibility statement |  2025 rugby manufacturing. rugby, nd.





  a birmingham website design company




privacy policy  |  2025 rugby manufacturing. rugby, nd.


 



back to top


×
close mobile menu



























 





   
products

hoists

sr and lr series truck hoiststr series trailer hoiststwin telescopic conversion back 
light dump bodies

eliminator back 
medium & heavy duty

contractor dump bodiestitan dump bodieseliminator medium duty back 
platform bodies

new! vari-class™ platform linerancher bodieslandscape uni-body back 
dump body & hoist accessories back
applications

public workslandscapingcontractinglight aggregatesnow & iceconstruction back
resources

about usour missionresource centertroubleshootingwarrantybecome a distributorfind a distributor back
employmentgallerycontactdistributor login

			× close panel		































































