


	contractor and business insurance | hunter insurance services


































                                     
                                

 get a quote 855.280.8262


 customer service 888.815.7639


requests



menu 


































































productscontractor insurancecontractor general liabilityworkers' compensation insurancecommercial auto insurancebuilders risk insurancetools and equipment coveragewrap-up coveragecontractor bondscontractor bid bondscontractor performance bondscontractor payment bondscontractor license bondscalifornia license bond quotebusiness insurancegeneral liability insurancebusiness owners policycommercial property insuranceprofessional liabilitycommercial auto insuranceworkers' compensation insurance specialty programsbusiness health insurance customer serviceservice requestscertificate of insurance requestcommercial auto change requestaddress change requestreport a general liability claimresourcescontractor resourcesfrequently asked questionsglossary of insurance termsmake a payment blogcontact usget a quote





































we'll cover you.
get your free quote online today.






































>




















need to make a request?
visit client services portal

























we’re here to help




























 service requests
when you need your certificate of insurance, additional insured endorsements, or need to report a claim we can help quickly, easily, and often at no cost to you. we offer a variety of online service requests.
 









 make a payment
make your payment online instantly with infinity premium finance. our online payment system is available 24/7 so you can take care of business when it’s convenient for you. our online payment system is secure, fast, and easy.
make a payment now









 frequently asked questions
don’t have time to call? find the answer you need to the questions we most frequently receive. whether you have questions about your contractor general liability policy or the claims process, our faq section can provide the answer.



























quote & buy insurance online now!




























 contractor general liability
get an instant online quote on your contractor general liability insurance. with just a little info, you will have a price in less than two minutes. get your quote now. click here!
 









 california contractor license bond
we are excited to offer california contractor license bonds as low as $85/year. our experienced team is ready to help california contractors to quote, buy and get a license bond. quote your license bond now. click here!









 builders risk insurance
buy a builders risk insurance policy online in about 5 minutes! our system allows contractors, homebuilders, and owner builders to quote, buy and issue a policy online. buy a builders risk policy now. click here!

























































"i was treated very well. my calls were returned right away, my questions were answered and my problems were solved. this is the type of service i expect and this is the service i received."
d. lemmin, plumber"we have been with hunter insurance for over ten years. we have our bonds, general liability, comp, auto and equipment with them. we have been extremely satisfied and will stay with hunter for the next 10 years."
j. caraway, general contractor













    






















   chat with an agent
 

 




































                        ©
                        2025 by hunter insurance services

                         | 
                        
                        privacy policy
                         | 
                        terms of service


















contractor insurance




contractor bonds




business insurance




service requests




make a payment








get a quote


blog


contact us















































