








cares | mu extension





























skip to navigation
skip to content







tactical menu


people


counties


news






search


search

















 












menu






            topics
            



            programs
            



            online courses
            



            events
            



            publications
            



            products/services
            



            missouri 4-h
            









breadcrumb


home


programs


cares






















center for applied research and engagement systems

learn more about cares














the center for applied research and engagement systems, or cares, was established in 1992 with the objective of using data and tools to support better informed decision making. our staff of professional data experts apply their skills to making maps, developing new data visualizations, and helping individuals and organizations figure out ways to do their work better. over the past three decades we’ve collected, analyzed, and visualized data related to population health, the environment, agriculture, safety, education, and the economy. we appreciate the challenges and opportunities related to data collection and analysis, and we understand the issues involved regarding safe data handling, effective data visualization, and support for data interpretation. our center complies with industry required data practices, including those that fall under hipaa and ferpa guidelines, and the data we handle is governed by the university system data classification system. we seek to partner with like-minded organizations, build tools, and find data that supports positive decision making.
visit cares hq to learn more about us and our projects.






cares






about us



faculty and staff



our work



products



subscriptions












events







image
 




february 26, 2025
tall fescue toxicosis in sheep and goats






more events



















news







image
 




intel for ag helps sow seeds for business successjuly 24, 2024





image
 




story map explores broadband across missourimay 7, 2024





image
 




kansas city neighborhoods 'write the vision'april 5, 2024







image
 




4-h in ne missouri: getting to know your countyapril 5, 2024







  more news




















image
 







visit sparkmap


sparkmap uses location-specific data to create maps, assessments, and reports that are used by businesses, nonprofits, governments, researchers, and communities to inform and transform their work. use our collection of over 25,000 data sets for free for as long as you wish (no registration required) or subscribe to unlock advanced features and save your library of work.















location_on
whitten hall room 212506 hitt stcolumbia, mo 65211-0001




phone

573-882-7458





 message us




visit our website






location_on


















pagination



next page
next ›

























mu logo
university of missouri



connect with mu extension




use our contact form
find a specialist
find an office near you
donate


about us
careers
equal opportunity/ada institution
español




for employees
extension councils
noncredit conversion policy
permissions policy


return/refund policies
shipping policy
privacy policy
terms and conditions














mu is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to title ix and 34 cfr part 106. for more information, visit mu’s nondiscrimination policy or the office of institutional equity.








© 2025 — curators of the university of missouri. all rights reserved. dmca and other copyright information. privacy policy



















