



















coney island history project























skip to main content
















   

   

   

   

   










about
ask mr. coney
the coneyologist 
videos
press
publications
membership & support







toggle navigation















collection
exhibition center
oral history
news & events
hall of history
podcast









about
ask mr. coney
the coneyologist 
videos
press
publications
membership & support


























   


 
















  
 what's new
update on coney casino hearings and timeline
do you live, work and/or play in coney island? community board 13 hearings, including this wednesday, january 22, are the first of many crucial hearings and votes on the coney casino project. “the project’s environmental impact statement reveals an out of scale monstrosity that will choke off and smother all surrounding business and destroy the fabric of the surrounding community,” said charles denson, executive director, coney island history project, at last week’s land use committee hearing.
your presence at public hearings and your letters and calls to officials who will vote on the casino in the coming weeks and months are essential. the upcoming hearings are about the developer's proposal to de-map public streets and acquire air rights to build sky bridges and a 400-foot-tall hotel, which is twice the height allowed by existing zoning. the process to award the casino license is expected to come by the end of this year.
read more  







 




oral history




 
 
   

 




podcast




 
 
   

 




collections




 
 
   

 




ask mr. coney




 
 
   

 




exhibit center




 
 
   

 




current exhibit




 
 
   
























home




















 




featured oral history interviews




see all interviews

 
 


 




roy omori
growing up japanese american in coney island in the 1950s and '60s



 
  

 




ahmed hussain
memories of a boyhood helping out in his family's store in coney island and learning to play pinball



 
  

 




juanhua zhao
tai chi teacher at coney island's seaside innovative senior center shares her life story



 
  

 




patrick phillips
memories of working at astroland's neptune diving bells in the summer of 1964



 
  

 




ida rosenblum gambrell
memories of coney island in the 1920s and '30s



 
  

 




marie navarro
a lifelong resident's memories of growing up in coney island's gravesend houses and kaiser park



 
  

 
 
  
 




 




explore our collection




see entire collection

 
 


  
 

under the boardwalk

  

  
 

balloons, ten cents

  

  
 

steeplechase park, bowery entrance

  

  
 

willie's homemade pizza

  

  
 

irving baths, west 15th street

  

  
 

shooting the rapids coaster

  

  
 

surf avenue apartment house, 17th street

  

  
 

cavalcade skooters

  

 
 
  
 




  
 



hall of fame

inventors, performers, impresarios, and community leaders - these are among the many pioneers and visionaries whose creativity and ingenuity helped shape and define coney island over the past century. each year, the coney island hall of fame pays tribute to a selected group of honorees. their contributions are highlighted in an exhibit of colorful banners accompanied by illustrated text panels detailing their fascinating lives.


explore the hall of fame




 
 
  
 




  
 


 

embedded video for memories of coney island&amp;#039;s mermaid avenue in the 1950s



featured video
memories of coney island's mermaid avenue in the 1950s
new on our youtube channel: charles denson's mermaid avenue in the 1950's brings together photos from the coney island history project collection and the voices of michael "looch" goldstein and stanley fox. they grew up at opposite ends of mermaid avenue and recorded their memories of the...



            posted jun 25th, 2020
          

see more





 
   

 
 
  
 




 




ask mr. coney island





 
 


 dear mr. coney island...
i've been doing a search to find images, pictures and films/video and audio showing the incredible classic three rotating ring carousel that i remembered, as a young boy, that was housed in the huge indoor steeplechase park. as a young boy in the 1950's i had been amazed at the mechanical complexity of such an amazing machine with its 'three counter rotating ride rings', beautifully hand carved and lovingly painted motion and still horses, and the powerful music that came from the huge mechanical full orchestra and organ/calliope. i was born and raised in brooklyn and coney island was a regular venue for our family entertainment. i'm hoping you'll be the one to help restore this childhood amazement to me!

regards, namaste

- david 
 hello david,
that would be the el dorado carousel, now located at toshimaen amusement park in tokyo. this magnificent machine was carved by hugo hasse of leipzig germany in 1902. in 1910 it was moved to coney island and installed in a building surf avenue at west fifth street. the carousel survived the 1911 dreamland fire, blistered but intact. george tilyou brought the el dorado to... 
 


read full answer



ask a question
read all answers

  

 
 
  
 

 













join the mailing list!




 

once subscribed you will receive periodic announcements related to the activities of the coney island history project. your information will never be shared with other organizations.


 



coney island events



 update on coney casino hearings and timeline  

 new year's day 2025 coney island polar bear plunge  

 november 16: coney island history show & tell  








c/o deno's wonder wheel park
	3059 west 12th street
	brooklyn, ny 11224
info@coneyislandhistory.org
(347) 702-8553
 













    content ©  coney island history projectall material on the cihp website is copyrighted and cannot be used without permission
  

tech and design ©  







 



