







sacred heart dental clinic | manila dentist | dental tourism philippines | filipino dentist | dentist philippines | implant | root canal | porcelain crown














sacred heart dental clinic | manila dentist | dental tourism




									accredited by the philippine department of tourism
								


									affiliate clinic



									affiliate clinic







home
about us
services
testimonials
contact us
the philippines










quality & affordable dental care in manila, philippines
sacred heart dental clinic  is a manila-based dental clinic that offers a comprehensive dental tourism solution, allowing you to combine a perfect vacation with top-quality dental treatment and care.


compared to the prices of equivalent treatments in other countries, the cost of cosmetic dentistry in the philippines is very affordable. we provide high-quality dental treatment performed by skilled manila dentists in an ideal vacation destination!
book an appointment now






manila dental tourism
sacred heart dental clinic is a manila dental clinic that specializes in dental tourism.
we can tailor your dental tourism treatment package to fit your budget, offering vacation guides and arranging travel and accommodation, if needed.
our clinic hours are flexible to accommodate the needs of dental tourists, and we provide appointments by request.
we offer a full range of affordable cosmetic and general dental services, including porcelain crowns, veneers, removable dentures, dental surgery, teeth whitening, cosmetic dentistry, braces, and implants.


our commitment
our manila dentists are qualified and trained to western standards, with varied areas of specialization. we have an implant dentist, a porcelain crown dentist, and a root canal dentist to attend to your dental care needs.
a prominent issue in today's health care is the control and spread of infectious diseases such as aids, hepatitis, herpes, covid 19 and even the common cold. we share your concern about this important issue.
your total health and safety are our top priorities, which is why our office takes infection control very seriously. we have adopted the latest prevention techniques as recommended by the philippine dental association.
more about our manila dental clinic


give us a call
you may reach us through telephone:
philippines: +639673224764
you can also call direct dr. alexander garcia through the following mobile phone numbers:
+639189366697       via viber & wassap
you can also reach us via viber & wassap
visit us in our facebook page
 
contact our manila dentists


 

call us now to book an appointment.
call direct dr. alexander garcia for appointment +639673224764 or +639189366697 via viber or wassap
email dr. alexander garcia for appointment
aergarcia@gmail.com



e.max system is the #1 all-ceramic restoration used today. the patented e.max material has more than 10 years of clinical evidence with a 98.2% success rate. see for yourself how e.max has changed people's lives!


actual patients done in our manila dental clinic




before and after gallery


call us now to book an appointment.
call direct dr. alexander garcia for appointment +639673224764 or +639189366697 via viber or wassap
email dr. alexander garcia for appointment
aergarcia@gmail.com


dental solutions for your busy schedule at sacred heart dental clinic

at sacred heart dental clinic in manila, we understand that a busy schedule shouldn't stand in the way of top-quality dental care. specializing in dental tourism, we offer a full range of affordable cosmetic and general dental services, including porcelain crowns, veneers, removable dentures, dental surgery, teeth whitening, braces, and implants—all designed to fit into your hectic life. our team of highly qualified dentists, trained to western standards, ensures you receive the best possible care, no matter how tight your schedule is./p>
								whether you’re an australian fifo worker or a professional with limited free time, we tailor our services to accommodate your needs. with flexible clinic hours and the ability to complete most procedures within just five working days, we make it easy for you to maintain your oral health without compromising your commitments. plus, we adhere to the highest standards of infection control as recommended by the philippine dental association, prioritizing your health and safety. contact us today to book your appointment and discover how sacred heart dental clinic can provide dental solutions perfectly aligned with your busy lifestyle.
call us now to book an appointment.
book an appointment now


fifo patient testimonial




i am a 51 year old man currently working in the oil and gas industry in wa.
since i was a small boy, i have had difficult times with my teeth—losing my front ones in an accident when i was 10 years old. i could never smile.
waiting all those years has paid off, finding the right choice in dental implants is paramount. i did my research and i believe there is no better place than the philippines at the sacred heart dental clinic in manila, headed by dr. alexander garcia. the dentist i found worked with me from the start and told me i could do what i never imagined. total teeth replacement crowns implants and a bridge would solve the matter once and for all. the initial consultation only took a few hours and a day or so for them to make a treatment plan that meant i had more than enough time to relax in the great friendly environment provided by the clinic.
the first major treatment on day 2 was the preparation of the teeth for the crowns. i expected this to be very painful but found myself totally relaxed, almost asleep during the process. the dentists and assistants' skills in providing superior pain-free management during this process were astounding. moulds were taken and at the end of the process temporary plastic teeth were provided  to  allow you to get used to the new look and make the changes look that you wanted. straight away i felt a new confidence with even the temporaries.
2 days were required for the manufacturing of the crowns and implants to very high and exacting standards. when they were fitted it was like putting on a glove. on the final day, the crowns were fitted permanently to the ground teeth which can be a bit painful as you would expect, but again pain management is available.
the results speak for themselves. i have a new confidence in my life. i don't have to fear smiling, but i can actually smile. my speech has improved and i can again sing as i did as a young boy. i don't fear losing my dentures in public. the bridge provided is sound. the overall look is attractive and the chosen colour matches my face and complexion. another friend who had the treatment at the same time with temporary denture and bone grafting for future implants also looked amazing—a woman in her fifties i believe it took ten years off her life and she also felt the new.
i cannot recommend the treatment highly enough. the professionalism and friendliness of the staff associated with the treatment was astounding. realistically in just a few days, i have new teeth that i can use straight away without any on going pain or complications. similar treatment plans in my own country could not even be offered. i believe the work done on my teeth to be in excess of 50 to 70 thousand dollars. at a fraction of this cost and with such quality dentistry and materials used, its the obvious choice for anyone needing immediate dental implant solutions working within your existing fifo roster, would choose manila as a viable safe sound option to new teeth.	and there's also plenty of time to relax and enjoy the shopping, food, entertainment spas on offer within a stones throw from the surgery and provided accommodation in a relaxed comfortable hotel. this is also included in the price as are daily transfers to the clinic and airport arrivals and departures.
i so believe in the product dr. garcia provides. i am happy to talk to anyone with any questions personally about the treatment he provides. so if you're a resources sector worker and is looking for a solution to painful and troublesome teeth grinding or aesthetic changes, you would be foolish not to consider this fantastic option.
yours sincerely,
jeremy penrice 
								oil and gas resourses sector
								western australia
								0498050569

call us now to book an appointment.
call direct dr. alexander garcia for appointment +639673224764 or +639189366697 via viber or wassap
email dr. alexander garcia for appointment
aergarcia@gmail.com







dr. alex & dr. patricia


what our clients say

eddy roggeveen
 i had some serious problems with all my teeth, from fillings breaking out, teeth snapping off and general decay. in australia, there was no feasable way to afford  having anything done to have it all sorted. the next thing i am terrified of is being in the chair....always have been since a child. i then had to make a serious decision regarding my oral health, so i planned visiting asia as i had heard of specialised dental services at reasonable rates, initially thinking of thailand. by chance of googling dental services phillipines i came across the sacred heart dental hospital in manila.
i sent an email enquiry outlining my issues....i received a reply the next day from dr garcia. he offerred me all his services, from pickup at the airport, hotel accommodation and full dental work from xrays, implants, crowns and orthodontics ...the full shooting match all in the one building! on arrival and initial consultation, dr garcia comforted my fears and gave me a quotation and all work was carried out in basically 2 days, in a 5 day period. now im smiling! all the services are of a very high professional standard, i cannot thank dr garcia and his team enough as i would need a mortgage in australia to cover it...and that would not have me smile either! i am very willing to amplify my recommendations  to any query on behalf of doctor garcia and his u.s.trained team! 
mike o'neil
hi dr garcia, i'd just like to thank you and your team for the truly great treatment you provided during my recent trip. the fact that you were able to save the remnants of my tooth was also very pleasing. 
once again thank you all for a very positive experience and great result. i will gladly recommend you to my family and friends.
regards
lynette e. adams, ph.d.
									mongmong, guam usa
dr. garcia and all the staff at the sacred heart dental clinic are very
									kind, helpful, and thoroughly professional.  this is low cost dentistry at
									its finest.  make no mistake, if you are looking for a fancy office with
									lots of bells and whistles, this is not for you.  this is get in the chair
									and get it done dentistry at a fraction of the cost you would pay in your
									home country.  i had several crowns, a bridge, and other work done, all of
									which were practically painless.  i look forward to going back for
									additional cosmetic dentistry later this year.   i would highly recommend
									the shdc for their high quality service, and i would tell anyone seeking
									dental treatment not to hesitate to get in touch with dr. garcia and make an
									appointment today...
leo maltitzaustralia
hi dr garcia,
thank you for making the whole teeth-changing exercise as painless and as comfortable as possible. it could have been a terrifying experience but you have made it much easier.
please convey my thanks to dr patricia as well - i appreciate her hard work and patience. i will definitely recommend your services to anyone.
good afternoon dr. alexander garcia,

									i would like to extend my gratitude to the whole team at the sacred heart dental clinic who contributed to my extensive dental work on tuesday, 2nd of july 2013 and friday 5th of july, 2013, especially to dr. patricia garcia and dr. frederick garcia.

									the results were fantastic, and all involved were professional and friendly to speak with, attentive to my sensitive teeth, and gentle in their handling. because of this, i have recommended your dental practice to friends and family, both locally and back home in australia.

									with many thanks,
bayani bacalla mills


peita orlowksibrisbane, australia
hello dr alexander, dr frederick and the lovely staff at sacred heart dental clinic,
firstly i would like to say thanks very much for the  work done on my teeth. they look fabulous and the treatment was speedy, hassle free and professional at all times. everybody was really friendly and helpful. i can not say thank you enough!
secondly, i highly recommend your services to anyone needing  dental work and in fact, have kept your details in my purse to  give to those who i come in contact with.
at your clinic i had a bridge replaced, 4 crowns, 5 amalgam fillings replaced, 2 teeth that needed 4 root canals, whitening, consultations and xrays etc. all for for the cost of what a root canal would have cost me in australia. over the years i have had extensive dental work done in australia and the only differences that i can see between the two are i had it all done in three visits to your clinic and i could not have been able to afford  this treatment in australia.
if i need further treatment in the future i will be returning for sure.
									my husband frank who accompanied me, but only required minor work has also stated he would also return.
thanks again,
romeo c. mandanas
i am very happy with the result of the procedure and my friends and colleagues compliment me tremendously. actually two of my friends will call and visit you when they visit the philippines this year, 2013.
regards to all your wonderful staff over there in the clinic and mr. benzali.
ron rosenberger
greetings to everyone at sacred heart dental clinic
i finally make the time to write to you. i thank everyone for making my visit to your clinic as perfect as can be. actually i came to manila thinking of repairing 12 teeth with crowns/implants. however after consulting with dr. alex and your team i decided to have all of my teeth repaired. it was quite an experience and i thank dr winnerlyn for making the experience great, working towards perfection every step of the way. now not only do i have a perfect bite but a perfect smile as well. 
thank you! everyone who sees my new smile all have positive comments on your work. i am attaching a few pictures for your memories. now my wife is jealous and you may be seeing her in the coming year:)
robert hamilton
good morning dr. garcia
									i wanted to send you a quick thank you for all the good work and professionalism that you and your staff gave me while i was at your office in manila. i would like to thank dr patricia and her associate for their personal care of myself and my teeth while getting two crowns. the care and personalized service was as good if not better than any dental practice i have been to around the world and i would say that although going to the dentist office is not on the list of my favorite things to do, i was treated top rate.
									so to you and your staff, i would like to extend my gratitude and thanks to everyone involved in my first experience in your fine dentistry and i look forward to my next visit.
									thank you again
blog: tooth be told
read more testimonials



 



the philippines
the philippines is a perfect travel destination to have a vacation and at the same time have your dental care needs attended to by highly qualified western-trained dentists.
why not visit the most wonderful beaches in the world, the famous boracay or camiguin island? you may also enjoy a great whale watching event in donsol sorsogon or simply play golf with our world class fairways. from surfing, mountain climbing, biking, and even up to trekking, you name it. we have many leisure activities you'll surely find exciting to try.
visit us for your dental care needs. our fees are among the lowest in asia with well-trained dentists who are committed to serve. we can also arrange a tour during your stay for your dental treatment.

learn more about the philippines












 

 







sacred heart dental clinic- south east asian dental center
dentist philippines
unit 12, 27th floorcenturia medical makati salamanca street corner kalayaan avenuemakati city 1210 philippines
phone: +639673224756
web design by: sacred smile group of clinics
all rights reserved © 2025





affiliate organizations

medical tourism company
dental departures
facebook
freeyellow.com
dental implants




dental tourism, filipino dentist, manila, philippines, dental tourism, dental holiday packages, brite smile, philippine dentist, manila dentist, dentist, manila, dental clinic in the philippines, arabic dentist, gaoc, belo, mls santos, tooth to go, dydent, dental spa, nobel biocare, staruman, mini dental implants, mini drive lock implants, villareal, gan, santos, dizon, biohoriszon, bicon implants, dental clinic in manila, dental implants, dentist manila, dentist in the philippines, dental clinic in the philippines, manila dentist,  filipino cosmetic dentist, filipino dentist, dental tourism, dental tours, dental holiday,  dental packages, tour packages, medical tourism, dental tourism, dental tourism,, philippine dentist, low cost dentistry, affordable dentistry, dentist philippines

 






