
















the fogarty center – focusing on abilities































































 











  (401) 245-7900 homeabout us

agency history chief executive officer board of directors human rights committee the fogarty center photo gallery
now hiring

employment opportunities
agency services

adult services

day services employment services youth in transition services residential services independent living services 
children’s services

children’s home based therapeutic services (hbts) children’s personal assistance services & support (pass) children’s respite services enhanced outpatient services (eos) 

links

giving opportunities
contact

locations administrative team community connect
self-directed services

what is options? mission self direction bhddh personal choice program electronic visit verification (evv) self direction client info. & forms options links testimonials
 










empower people to improve
their quality of life. 
							 


building community connections and relationships. 
							 














meet our amazing team
administrators
employment opportunities
apply today
want to learn more?
contact us


welcome to the fogarty center’s website.





“the fogarty center’s mission is to empower people to improve the quality of their lives.” we support each individual to make choices, to build community connections and relationships, and to improve their status and skills. we realize that people are the authorities of their own lives and our role is to work together as they achieve their dreams and desires. click here to view our agency services.




  

  

  

  

  

  


 updates from our gallery
				



people are the authority of their own lives.
the fogarty center is among the original provider agencies in rhode island serving people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. our services include residential, independent living, day, employment, children’s home-based, and self-direction programs. we are committed to continuously refine and enhance our services to develop innovative and individualized opportunities for the people we support.
about us 


thank you for visiting the fogarty center's website.click here to view our photo gallery!
 
 








our mission the fogarty center’s mission is to empower people to improve the quality of their lives. we support each individual to make choices, to build community connections and relationships, and to improve their status and skills. we realize that people are the authorities of their own lives and our role is to work together as they achieve their dreams and desires.

get involved!administrative team
ask fogarty
links
 







all rights reserved, the fogarty center





 





 







×
your ticket for the: home


















title
home


usd



























close
print





 









































