


big sky astroblog



























friday, july 28, 2006



	 
	 here's where the action is...
	 
    






posted by april at 12:06 pm






wednesday, july 12, 2006



	 
	 transiting uranus conjuncted my ic...
	 
    


... and all i moved was my blog. join the party at:www.bigskyastrology.com/bloggish!



posted by april at 3:43 pm






saturday, july 08, 2006



	 
	 full moon in capricorn: the business of taking care
	 
    


in time for monday's full moon in capricorn (8:02 pm pdt / 11:02 pm), i've posted a new article at my website entitled "the business of taking care":there is an old adage that "good fences make good neighbors." like neighbors whose picket fence strikes a happy compromise between privacy and sociability, we all feel safer and more relaxed when we know where the boundaries are. capricorn is a master surveyor, with a keen eye for fairness and a strong back for building a good fence. at this full moon in his sign, consider where you might benefit from enlisting his services.... (read full article at website)



posted by april at 4:10 pm






thursday, july 06, 2006



	 
	 taking planets... personally.
	 
    


heh. jeff's cranky today! rant on, astro-brother!(mercury decided to turn retrograde about fifty yards short of my natal mercury - but i'm trying not to take it personally. wait... what am i talking about?  i take everything personally! damn mercury!)anyway, jeff's entry got me thinking about my own relationship with day-to-day astrology. i confess: i like the "personal" planets, the sun - mars shades of the spectrum. not that i ever use them in working with clients. no, they come for the big picture, and so saturn through pluto it is, with maybe a dash of mars or jupiter thrown in for timing or much-needed hope. but man, down here on the ground, in my own little day-to-day world, i'm looking for anything that can distract me from that interminable transiting saturn/sun conjunction i've got happening, and that oppressively unsettling uranus/mc/ic transit. hell, i needed regular diversions from pluto for ten years. i mean, it's just too bleak to spend every day examining the big picture when the big picture is an epic mural of suckage.so, i use the lunations, and the aspects of the fast-moving planets, and whatever, as a sort of microcosmic lens to bring the big picture down into life-size, portable focus. sort of like - and this is complete overkill, stick with me here - someone who's in prison serving a ten-year sentence, what's he gonna do, sit there meditating each day on the ten year sentence?  "another day down - 3,284 to go!" god, no. that way lies madness! so, he breaks the sentence down, compartmentalizes the experience. looks at the next two and a half years; maybe he can finish school or write a book in that amount of time. he plans to achieve a certain definition to his muscular system over the next nine to ten months. and maybe, by next month, he'll be able to wittle a shiv out of a mousetrap or something.no doubt about it, to go through this exercise on a regular basis is to risk losing the big picture. and, like the cereal commercials used to say, "lucky charms is part of this complete breakfast!" in other words, tasty though it may be, obsessing about day-to-day aspects to the exclusion of weightier outer-planet ones can lead to astrological malnutrition. so, not unlike the prisoner who goes before the parole board, we astrologers check in with a colleague every year or two, so he or she can rattle the slow-moving transits and progressions at us, help us chart our progress, and kick us in the pants as needed.but i don't know - the fast-moving transits, for me, are the warp and woof of daily life; they let me take each day as a beautifully complete little micro-lesson, a meditation, an astrological prayer if i were the praying sort. on the days when i give up and let saturn chase me under the blankets for a good sulk, thank god there's still a venus kiss from the husband, or a lunar bowl of vanilla ice cream, or a mischievous, mercurial cat ready to lure me out and provide a welcome respite.and on that note, happy transits to all, and to all a good night!



posted by april at 9:44 pm









	 
	 i'm such a card.
	 
    


"you scored as the lovers.active passion; for a person or possibly for an activity or interest - choice in making a relationship - beauty is in the eye of the beholder - issues of beauty, ugliness and the true nature of both - passion and love.these cards are from the victorian romantic tarot. it's based on original victorian engravings, some of which are now rare."which victorian romantic tarot card are you? with pictures.created with quizfarm.com



posted by april at 8:08 pm











about me

name:  april 
location:  california, united states 
view my complete profile

fellow astrobloggers
<  >
feed me!

previous posts

here's where the action is...
transiting uranus conjuncted my ic...
full moon in capricorn: the business of taking care
taking planets... personally.
i'm such a card.
spike on wheels!
wedding stuff
summer at big sky astrology
ewww: a mars/saturn story.
eclipse midpoints: kickin' up dust

linky goodness

my website, big sky astrology
ethereal girl
the espresso newspaper
astrobarry
silverwheel astrology
the [not remotely]incompetent astrologer
myth and culture
the new moon journal
the know-it-all astrologer
lipstick mystic
oculus divinorum
susie madrak
stars over washington
astrodynamics
3rd house party
marn's big adventure
diane ronngren
dakota light

archives

november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006


more blogs about astrology.

planetary hour:
moon's position: lunar phase:






more stuff at my website: big sky astrology










