






mike davies fitness | fitness solutions for everyone










































 



















questionnaire
products

apparel
cook book
fitness camps
fitness videos
nutrition plans
renewals/updates
training programs


fitness universe app
contact
checkout
 





select page


  
 
 










bigger.faster.stronger
mikedaviesfitness

get started today



world-class training ... no matter your goals!12 ms olympias,  130+ pro titles,  327 ifbb pro athletes,  30 yrs of experience, 1000’s of lives changed!











0.00
initiation fee

featured programs
i recognized the need for fitness and nutrition in both the competitive and everyday world. through my years of experience, i am able to help people reach their physical, personal, and professional goals through diet, training, and cardiovascular programs safely and successfully.
your success is our success…mike davies

all programs





personal training
in-person training w/mike. meet your goals with our monthly workout programs, tailored to help you meet your goals. think of them as your blueprint for increased strength, a fit physique, and lasting results…



fitness/boot camps
“this ain’t no aerobics class!”





whether your goals are to increase strength, improve cardiovascular abilities, or challenge your agility and endurance. fitness universe boot camps will meet your needs.








nutrition plans
nutrition plans to meet your every goal. from weight loss to sports-specific, healthy lifestyle to intense physique competitor, we can guide you to success…



youth fitness
next-generation training programs for youth to encourage and inspire them to embrace fitness, and physical activity.
teaching our youth the importance of proper exercise and nutrition is vital to maintaining their health!










join our family
















join now




















“

testimonials

follow

join the movement







“mike developed a special plan for me, designed my workouts, and discussed my goals, wants, and needs. he’s not a very sensitive man, and will not tell you what you need to hear, which worked for me! he fueled my motivation, and in return, i gave it all i got. “
charisse







“not only has mike helped transform my body, but he has helped transform my lifestyle. making healthy choices daily is now a habit thanks to him! he is the best coach ou there!”
lyz strong









work





bigger.faster.stronger
fitnessuniverse










name


email address


message




submit









mike davies, recognized worldwide in the sport of competitive fitness, figure, and bodybuilding, has coached dozens of ms. olympia and ms. international competitors and hundreds of athletes to professional-level success.



 







website designed by saliaris consulting groupterms of use
privacy policy 



























