












frank lloyd wright trust | international gateway to wright’s chicago















































      skip to main content
    


















main navigation


visit


tours


group tours


event calendar


plan your visit


destination oak park




explore


wright’s chicago years


collections


archives


video library


organic design


historic sites


public wright sites


1905: japan through the lens of frank lloyd wright




education


school programs


youth & family programs


educator programs


wright at home




support


become a member


annual giving


planned giving


memorials and tributes


volunteer




travel


shop


about


board of directors


annual reports


careers


unesco world heritage sites


robie house conservation management


frank lloyd wright home and studio learning center





























book a tour












































                visit wright's historic sites
              
learn more
               













                wright's home and studio
              
learn more
               













                frederick c. robie house
              
learn more
               













                the rookery light court
              
learn more
               













                unity temple
              
learn more
               























wright plus 2025


join us for the spectacular wright plus architectural housewalk on saturday, may 17, 2025.
 



                    learn more
                    























home and studio museum learning center expansion campaign


the center is designed to welcome the community into a deeper learning experience of wright’s architecture and design achievement.



                    learn more
                    























international gateway to wright’s chicago
















ultimate plus weekend package


exclusive, one-of-a-kind architecture and design experiences over an extraordinary wright-centered weekend.



                    learn more
                    























shop


trusted source for design-inspired and frank lloyd wright licensed products.



                    browse online store
                    























summer design camps


design, build, and innovate in the drafting room of frank lloyd wright’s oak park studio.
july 7-11: grades 3-5
july 21-25: grades 6-8



                    learn more
                    























support


the mission of the trust is to engage, educate and inspire the public through interpretation of frank lloyd wright’s design legacy and preservation of his original sites for future generations.












become a member


members of the frank lloyd wright trust enjoy unlimited access to a world of ideas, travel and historic sites. your membership supports our education, restoration and preservation programs.



see the benefits










make a gift


your support makes possible preservation of frank lloyd wright’s architecture, design and living legacy; engagement of public audiences from the u.s. and around the world at historic wright sites; education in schools, universities, libraries, and neighborhoods.




donate




























 








contact

the rookery209 s. lasalle streetsuite 118chicago, il 60604312.994.4000info@flwright.org






connect


facebook


twitter


pinterest


instagram


youtube









newsletter

receive exciting program information, up-to-date details on special opportunities and more from the trust.





















        welcome! how may i help you today?
        







faq 







visiting our sites





                what are the hours?
              



home and studio
tour hours: 
10 am - 4 pm daily
10 am - 3 pm in january and february
museum shop hours: 
9:30 am - 5 pm daily
9:30 am - 4 pm in january and february
closed:
thanksgiving, christmas eve, christmas and new year's day.
robie house
tour hours: 
thursday - monday 10 am - 2:30 pm
museum shop hours: 
thursday - monday 9:30 am - 4 pm
closed:
thanksgiving, christmas eve, christmas and new year's day.
the rookery
tour hours: 
monday - friday 10 am - 1 pm
museum shop hours: 
monday - friday 9:30 am - 5 pm; 9:30 am - 4 pm in january and february
closed: 
martin luther king day, presidents day, memorial day, independence day, labor day, thanksgiving, black friday, christmas eve, christmas day, new year's eve and new year’s day.
unity temple
tour hours: 
monday - friday 9 am - 3 pm, saturday 9:30 am - 12 pm.
closed:
thanksgiving, black friday, christmas eve, christmas day and new year’s day.






                are tours multi-lingual?
              



self-guided walking tours are available in chinese, english, french, german, italian, japanese, portuguese and spanish.






                do trust sites accommodate large groups?
              



yes. visit our group tours page to book a tour for groups of 10 or more.
 







                are trust sites accessible?
              



the frank lloyd wright trust welcomes all guests. we recognize the diverse needs of our audience and offer accessible programming to enable guests to explore the powerful aesthetic experiences of authentic wright sites, preserved to wright’s original design vision.
for questions about site accessibility and how we can accommodate your specific needs, call 312.994.4000 or email info@flwright.org or visit our plan your visit page for more information.









members





                i am planning a visit in less than two weeks and would like to become a member. what should i do?
              



it is best to become a member of the trust before your visit. you may not receive your membership card in the mail, however, you are immediately eligible for all your member benefits. you may join on our website, call the membership department, or call guest services. once you are a member, you may make advance reservations for complimentary tours by calling guest services at 312.994.4000 x1. guest services is available 7 days a week, from 10 am to 3 pm ct.
members may visit a museum site without a reservation the day they wish to tour, however, members are not guaranteed tour tickets, as tours may be sold out. if tickets are available, you will be placed on the next available tour. advance reservations are recommended.






                do i receive reciprocal admission or benefits at other museums and historic sites?
              



yes, all trust members receive benefits of the time travelers historical museum reciprocal membership program, which offers free or discounted admission to more than 250 history and house museums. trust members at the prairie level and above receive free or discounted admission to wright-designed sites across the us including fallingwater, taliesin west, and the guggenheim museum through the frank lloyd wright national reciprocal sites program.






                how can i reach the membership department?
              



membership department staff can be reached at 312.994.4013 or membership@flwright.org from 9 am–5 pm central time, monday–friday.








programs and events





                what is wright plus?
              



the renowned annual wright plus housewalk features rare interior tours of private residences and landmark public structures designed by frank lloyd wright and his fellow architects. the all-day architectural experience is held in the historic chicago suburb of oak park, home to more wright buildings than anywhere in the world.
for one day only, homeowners invite guests into their private living spaces, which retain the original exterior features while the interiors have been transformed to suit their individual tastes and lifestyles. guides will be on hand to enhance the interior tours with details about the history and the beautiful architectural elements that give each home its unique character.
tour the homes and enjoy an informative, fun and idea-filled day, described as "the pinnacle of housewalks."
wright plus proceeds support the restoration, preservation and education programs of the frank lloyd wright trust.








faq chatbot
show on chatbot




don't see what you're looking for?












footer - bottom

© 2025, all rights reserved  |  privacy policy  |  copyright policy  |  site map
registered 501(c)(3). ein: 23-7414937















































