


fllw_update






first page



the only independent, unbiased source of information on the world's greatest architect, frank lloyd wright, and his work.







 this is the forty-first edition of the fllw update @ franklloydwrightinfo.com.



a supplement to the printed fllw update, this update 21 march 2018
all items in this website © copyright 2018 w a storrer					



this site is maintained by william allin storrer, ph.d., visiting professor of architecture at the university of texas at austin and author of the frank lloyd wright companion now in a revised second edition, and the
architecture of frank lloyd wright, a complete catalog, now in its fourth edition.
 



it has come to my attention that there is a false wright guide available as an iphone app. beware the “flw” iphone app; it is not the wright guide. it has the guggenheim museum, s.400, as its logo. wright guide has fallingwater, s.230, and a red logo (see below). the false guide seems to be based on wikipedia and has many blank spaces where there should be a photo. the wright guide has a photo of each entry. the false guide lacks text such as that found in wright guide, which is a condensation of the text in the architecture of frank lloyd wright, a complete catalog., and which you deserve as a serious wrightian.
wright guide, an iphone app based on the architecture of frank lloyd wright, a complete catalog by © william allin storrer, is now available from the apple itunes store. just search “frank lloyd wright.” the app is listed under travel. the seller is wayne boucher of azara apps



the wright guide application for iphone is based on the world standard reference, the architecture of frank lloyd wright, a complete catalog, by william allin storrer, ph.d. with descriptions and a photograph of each of the built works by america's greatest architect, one knows the right building has been found when one reaches a site. there are easy links to see what buildings are nearby whatever item is being referenced, and driving directions from the user's location to any building are but a click away. storrer, who has visited each of these sites several times, who has met many of the original clients dating back to 1923, and who met children of earlier clients, keeps his documentation up-to date and provides useful comments on such items as client, site, construction materials, plan type and layout, date of design by wright, and updates, restorations and/or alterations made since original construction.		  to go to the wright guide iphone app page, click here
please click here for the current feature page.
the feature page has a special offer for those perusing this website.
to connect to additional pages of this website, go to the second page by clicking here.
the second page has items of interest to those who would know more about the author of this web page.
to connect to page 3, click here. 
click here to connect to the information pertaining to the 700 william street, river forest houses being by frank lloydâ wright.


		  email should be sent to
franklloydwright@storrer.com..





 


