ï»¿





starcats' personal, relationship & family astrology















astroconsultants of santa monica / claudia dikinis
starcats' personal, relationship & family astrology for a new millennium

 santa monica pier, 2022

 





 welcome to my world! just so you know, we can do readings on skype & telephone. i record skype readings and send you the mp3 right afterwards! check out my "troubleshooter" feature just below. 


 astrodivination. e-mail me re my special one hour trouble-shooting consultation. mention the key word troubleshoot! let me know in advance what your question is. we'll set a time for your answer consultation! this is astro-divination & personal counseling combined! i get straight to the point by consulting your birth chart to verify the outcome / timing as revealed in a horary chart ("question of the hour") consulted for the reading! [fee: $95us/ paypal me here: claudia dikinis]

we are both the mirror & the world.we are what we see and see what we are. 



a detailed outline of  my astrological services,how to get a reading with me, & my bio notes

**table of contents: 2025 headliner aspects, eclipses, transits plus personal astrology and usa/world forecasts
astro teaching articles. lots of resources here!
starcats' wordpress blog: 

featuring newsmakers, current events, celebrities, forecasts, how-to's, original poetry & more!
anima mundi mag: starcats'/guest authors featured articles
follow me on   bluesky  @starcatsnmrk.bsky.social

friend me on   facebook. check out my wordpress  blog for transits, world predictions, personal astro-updates, and don't miss my dreamy pic collections on  pinterest!



chinese new year january 29, 2025 - year of the wood snake
are you ready . . .
long-term transits are shaking our world! check out my overview of what lies ahead in 2025  here!
did you know? 

eclipses are supercharged sun-moon cycles that will stir up sectors of your life that are most loudly calling for change!

and:
your solar return (birthday chart) is another key ingredient in knowing where you stand and where you'll land during your next solar year!






copyright © 1998-2025 by astroconsultants of santa monica, claudia d. dikinis. all international rights reserved.




