



 


home - ashbrook
















































































 





















 





about
programs
impact
events
the american idea podcast
ashbrook masterclasses
news
support
 

 

about
programs
impact
events
the american idea podcast
ashbrook masterclasses
news
support
 








creating informed patriots
 



 















 



the ashbrook center strengthens the capacities of the american people for constitutional self-government. read more about ashbrook’s mission. 










the crisis confronting america 



america’s current crisis is not simply a crisis of facts and information. it is a crisis of understanding and devotion. for too long, young people have not learned why their country deserves respect and love.
for the american experiment in self-government to endure, our children and grandchildren must come to understand—and to love—america’s founding principles. yet, we, as a nation, are failing. 










the ashbrook solution 



ashbrook introduces young people to the real story of america—good and bad—through primary documents and serious conversation.

these young people come to see america’s history as a struggle to live up to the promise of freedom. they come to understand and love their country, and become willing to defend the principles that make it great. 










 











teaching american history programs
 



									teaching american history programs and resources help teachers dramatically improve their understanding of american history and civics through a close study of primary source documents, equipping them with the knowledge and confidence they need to teach about america.								









ashbrook scholar program 



									the ashbrook scholar program is a top-rated program for undergraduate students studying political science, history, or political economy. the education of every ashbrook scholar begins with a set of core principles: that the united states is worthy of serious study; that good citizenship is necessary in a free society; and that to be a good leader, one must know and understand the principles and history of the country.								







hilda e. bretzlaff ashbrook academy
 



									the ashbrook academy is an intensive summer program for high school students to study the primary documents and great texts of american history, government, and political economy. the academy invites students to consider the american experiment in self-government as a triumph, a victory for the human spirit that warrants grateful celebration but also demands serious study.								








see all programs. 
















creating thoughtful patriots.
 












 





our founders knew that for our freedom to endure, americans need to understand the principles of self-government and their rights and duties as citizens. therein lies the most essential purpose of american education. read more about the fundamental principles of civic education. 










viewpoints 




 




 



born american, but in the wrong place 






april 24, 2023 












 



the american idea: getting to know thomas jefferson 






march 28, 2023 












 



beware modern monetary theory’s damaging potential 






march 29, 2021 












 



if you know mr. madison’s constitution, you’ll want to preserve it 






march 29, 2021 












 



ashbrook’s part in the freedom business 






march 26, 2021 












 



the 1619 project ignores true miracle of america’s founding 






september 18, 2019 
















				upcoming events			



				latest news			







 






 
unleashing american enterprise: a conversation on america’s economic future









										february 27, 2025					









read on


















 
the 37th john m. ashbrook memorial dinner









										april 12, 2025					









read on



















 






 
peter w. schramm’s statement to the electoral college | december 18, 2000









november 5, 2024 









read on














 
welcoming nabce members: jeff sessions, michael maibach, fred broad









may 10, 2024 









read on























stay hopeful. stay connected with ashbrook. 











 














 






we work to strengthen america’s capacity for self-government.
 





									want to know more about ashbrook’s work and how you can partner with us? call us or drop us a line.								





















 



invest in america’s future today.donate 





									programs

ashbrookacademy
ashbookscholar
teaching american history 










401 college avenue, ashland, ohio 44805(419) 289-5411 







twitter
 



facebook-square
 






									© 2006-2025 ashbrook center								




privacy policy
faq
employment opportunities
 

privacy policy
faq
employment opportunities
 




									design by beck & stone 









 



 






















