


revelation13.net: astrology, prophecies of the future for  2024 to 2030, nostradamus, the book of revelation and bible prophecy, the king james version english bible code, new age geography, psychokinesis mind control of clouds and wind 












revelation13.net





astrology, prophecies and predictions of the future for  2025  to 2030, nostradamus, the book of revelation and bible prophecy, the king james version english bible code, new age geography, psychokinesis mind control of clouds and wind















in this site revelation13.net, my method of prophecy combines
astrology and other new age schools, mythology, 
religion.



 

to go to the section:
predictions for the near future:
predictions of world events
calendar of dates, past and future
economy and stock market
alien invasion soon? 
number and time patterns:
666 day intervals and other time cycles
the julian day count
number patterns in greek, the original language of the bible's book of revelation and the new testament
number patterns in hebrew, the original language of the old testament

ascii number patterns
astronomy and earth science:
the southern cross effect and the 1987 supernova
eta carinae, the giant southern hemisphere star, could it become a giant supernova soon?
comet hale-bopp, comet hyakutake, and could there be another bright comet soon?
prophecy patterns in astronomy
could a comet or asteroid hit earth?
could a giant solar flare scorch the earth?
predictions on earthquakes, volcanoes, tsunami tidal waves

diseases:
astrology/ new age discussion of diseases:
ebola, 
flu, 
aids, mad cow disease 
 
sars and 2020 covid-19 coronavirus  , smallpox
foot-and-mouth disease in sheep, cattle, and pigs and england, "the slaying of the lamb"
people:
princess diana and prince charles, and prince harry and meghan markle
 pope john paul ii and pope benedict xvi

the world:
new age geography - country shapes and land area related to revelation
patterns of geographic coordinates
patterns of world and country populations
europe, 
israel
places to visit: cathedrals, churches, new age sites, other places of interest

ghost or spirit photos at:
salem ma
gettysburg pa

astrology alignments:
december 21 2012 mayan calendar date
astrology charts


other subjects:
the shroud of turin
virgin mary sightings, including at milton hospital in massachusetts and clearwater florida
patterns in chemical elements
a discussion of recent movies, and prophecy

prophecies: bible and other:
other bible prophecies
prophecies of others, from the past
pages on the king james version english bible code, with matrices i generated myself and analysis:
page 1: the first page introduction on the king james bible code

page 1c: jesus christ as messiah
page 1d: the two witnesses
part 1i: united states civil war of 1860 - 1865


part 1k: brexit uk leaving the eu



part 1l: japan and the honjo masamune, the missing samurai sword





page 2:  princess diana
page 2b: pope john paul ii, pope benedict xvi, pope francis
page 2d: the 2005 election in germany and angela merkel
page 2g: the jonbenet ramsey unsolved murder case

page2i:
percy fawcett who went missing in the amazon jungle in the 1920s
page 3d: iran and nuclear weapons

page 4: the u.s. presidential elections in 2004 and 2000
page 4a: president obama reelected in 2012


page 6: cold fusion, can it generate nuclear power?  can it power time travel?  
page 6a: string theory, m-theory, other dimensions, and a unified theory of everything.
part 6c: increased earthquakes and volcanos around the world   
page 7: a nuclear fission reactor in earth's core?
page 8: could a volcano in the canary islands result in a giant tidal wave hitting the u.s. and europe?  and could yellowstone in wyoming explode as a supervolcano?
page 8a: could a giant magnitude 8 earthquake shake the san andreas fault in california, in the near future? or a giant tidal wave hit california?
page 8b: the magnitude 9 earthquake and tidal wave off indonesia in december 2004.
page 8c: a giant earthquake on the new madrid fault line in the central u.s.?
page 8d: hurricane katrina hits florida, louisiana, and mississippi in 2005
page 8e: earthquake in japan
page 8f: will mount rainier in washington state erupt soon?  will the hekla volcano or katla volcano in iceland erupt soon?
page 9a: how will the stock market and world economy do?
page 10: 
ebola disease, the deadly virus of africa; could it cause a worldwide plague?  also, aids and hiv, mad cow disease (bse), influenza (bird flu or swine flu), covid-19.
page 10a: autism in children
page 10b: cancer
page 10c: alzheimer's disease
page 10d: on the aging gene tor, and dna telomeres and aging
page 11: could an 
asteroid or comet hit earth soon ( an ocean impact, 7 pieces, 7 hits, tidal wave), causing an extinction level event (ele)?
page 11a: gamma ray bursts (grb)
page 12: two southern hemisphere stars that i relate to prophecies: the 1987 supernova and the giant star eta carinae.
page 12a:  is there life outside earth in our solar system - on mars, europa, or titan? are flying saucers and aliens for real? men in black. w56 ufos and aliens. the nazca lines in peru, a sign of alien visitors? president obama and aliens. george adamski who saw aliens and ufos in the 1950s. 


page 13: a jean dixon prophecy 
page 14: nostradamus prophecies are interpreted by the bible code
page 14a: john titor and his story of time travel and prophecies.  he said he was from year 2036.
part 14b: on the mayan calendar date december 21 2012, and the crystal skulls

page 15: the bible code related to "the da vinci code" (the book by dan brown), the knights templar, and the mary magdalene mystery. 
page 15a: crop circles and the bible code, and the rise of the antichrist.
page 16: the voynich manuscript; can the bible code decode this strange document?

page 16a: the indus script, a language from ancient india that is still not deciphered
page 16b: megaliths and stonehenge, gobekli tepe
page 16c: the undeciphered language linear a of crete, and the etruscans of italy, and easter island and aliens


page 16d: the legend of the continent of atlantis
page 16e: oak island in canada where there may be buried treasure
page 17: human evolution and neanderthal man, and is the human brain a quantum computer?
page 17a: strange creatures: bigfoot, the abominable snowman, the loch ness sea monster
page 17b: psychic esp telekinesis mind over matter power
page 17c: zombies
page 17d: the rapture
page 17e: reincarnation and past lives
page 17f: 3 psychics - edgar cayce, jeane dixon, leslie flint
page 18: doctor who the science fiction tv series


page 19 : on famous artists: da vinci, van gogh, vermeer


videos:
watch my 

videos

on subjects discussed on this web site: the king james version english bible code, nostradamus prophecies, aids disease, john titor the time traveler, cold fusion nuclear power, bible prophecy, prophecies of the future for the next 10 years, new age geography, and many other subjects.




books and links:
recommended books and web sites

psychic and dreams:
dream log: dreams i have had. 
psychic psychokinesis powers of weather control are demonstrated in videos i made, making clouds grow and disappear and controlling the wind.
page 2 on psychokinesis weather control
page 3 on psychokinesis weather control
page 4 on psychokinesis weather control

feedback:
some emails i have received



linking to this site:
linking to this site.  

email t. chase at:  tchase800@aol.com




 generally, the prophecies discussed on this site may be changeable, if people will understand and listen to them and take appropriate action, such as building an asteroid defense.  this may be a test for the human race: if people will understand that the disasters described in revelation are occurring, then it may be possible to change the future and avoid these disasters. 


in this web site i have tried to show how astrology, new age methods, religion, bible prophecy, the king james bible code, and mythology can be used in a combined way, to explain the world today and to predict the future.  i try to find a middle way, between christianity and new age, because i think that is where the truth is.  a middle way, as in buddhism where a middle way between extremes is emphasized. and as in hinduism, i have looked to astrology and the stars for guidance. and the idea of a unifying religion is advocated here, as  the baha'i faith has a goal of unifying mankind; baha'i is one of the most enlightened of world religions; begun in iran, its world headquarters is in haifa, israel.   
 the truth is found by following the middle way between religions, and that is the path i have tried to follow here.  john 8:32: "and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free".


-------------------------------------------------------



please link to this web site!  to help me spread my message to the world!  this site is:
http://revelation13.net
title: "revelation13.net: astrology, prophecies of the future, bible prophecy and the book of revelation, the king james bible code"

if you would like to use a banner in your link to my site, there are several at  this page.


thanks!


about the author of this site: my name is t. chase, and i live in the u.s.. i grew up in the u.s. as a christian protestant, and i am of english anglo-saxon ancestry, but today i would call myself a new age christian.  this site is a one person effort by me, and the theories and opinions expressed on this site are my own. i have worked on my theories for 26 years, and i started a web site in 1998 to explain my theories to the world.   

on psychic powers: i am an amateur psychic. 

you can watch 
on this page videos where i demonstrate telekinesis, how i use my psychic telekinetic power to make clouds disappear at will.



-------------------------------------------------------


bible quotes are from the king james version bible.


copyright 1998-2024 by t. chase.  all rights reserved.

  
"i came, i saw, i built a web site."

email t. chase at:  tchase800@aol.com


