










































































pernell gerver official web site and online store of plants and
   gardening products









the
    leading online store of rare,
    unusual, and hard-to-find plants
    and organic gardening products as well as information on gardening lectures and
    workshops.













 


bookmark this page or add 
           it to your favorites now!












 





quick links:



































































































pernell gerver
            official 

web
            site





















































horticulturist, lecturer, 
            garden writer, tv personality, & award-winning gardener















click here to visit pernell gerver's 
               online store of rare, hard-to-find, and useful plants  

and organic gardening products




click here to learn more about and order 
               pernell gerver's "1-2 punch" for lawn weeds


click here to order organic lawn weed & 
               feed and other organic lawn care products




click here to read pernell gerver's 
               online columns now












click
                        here to buy organic lawn weed & feed, herbicidal soap spray, 
                       milky spore powder grub control, and other organic lawn care products 
                       from pernell gerver's store!







looking for plants, gardening products, tools, or 
               supplies pernell has mentioned such as organic
                lawn weed & feed, herbicidal 
               soap spray, milky spore powder grub control,
                neem oil, glycerin,
                african gardenia, underground
                animal repellent, antidesiccant, 
               or animal repellents? find them all and 
               more in pernell gerver's online store. click
                here to go to the online store now. 






            




            




dear sunday republican readers,

due to ongoing budget cutbacks of local freelance 
           columnists at the sunday republican, my 
           gardening columns will no longer be in the newspaper. if you have 
           enjoyed reading my column and q & a on plants and gardening 
           products and have found my columns to be informative and helpful and 
           you'd like the newspaper to bring back my columns, please
            click here for information on how to reach the newspaper. i'd 
           like to thank you for being a loyal reader of my gardening columns - 
           i appreciate it very much. i hope you have enjoyed reading my columns 
           as much as i have enjoyed writing them! happy gardening! - pernell

you can now read pernell gerver's weekly gardening 
           column and q & a online! click here 
           to read pernell's columns.













look!
looking for plants or products pernell gerver 
           has mentioned?
be sure to visit the online
            store for
            a wide selection of rare, hard-to-find, and useful plants and 
           gardening products. 












welcome to my web site www.pernellgerver.com

 
i've been involved with gardening and horticulture 
		   for more than 45 years and my greatest love in life is to spread the 
           word of gardening and share this interest with fellow gardeners like 
           yourself.  i'd like to thank you for your support and thanks for 
           stopping by my spot on the internet.  take a few minutes to look 
           around, sign the guestbook, read my online columns, read about the plant of the 
           month, submit a gardening question, add your name to the mailing 
           list, or browse the online store. be sure to scroll to the bottom of 
           this page to view all the links!

good news! the year 2019 marks several special 
           anniversaries of mine - 2019 is the 25th anniversary of my weekly 
           columns which you can now read on my website (click
            here) and my 
		   35th anniversary of being named "gardener of the year" by organic
            gardening magazine.




attention garden clubs 
           and organizations!
click on
            the link below 
           for more information about pernell gerver's gardening lectures for 
           garden clubs 
           and organizations





gifts
            for gardeners

looking for the 
           perfect gift for that special gardener on your list or perhaps 
           yourself? we've created a special page filled with items from the 
           online store that make great gifts. click on the link below for some 
           great gift ideas for any special occasion including a birthday, 
           housewarming, shower, anniversary, thank you, the holidays, etc.! 
           can't decide? gift certificates are also available.



(also, look for 
           this symbol  throughout
            the online store for other great gift ideas.)



looking for something fun to 
           do? click here for some fun stuff for gardeners.



thanks for visiting my web site!

happy gardening!

   




  
















































all content, photography, 
       programming © copyright pernell
        gerver, horticultural communication services
all rights reserved. 

 



