




marquette warrior






















    
	marquette warrior
	
  
we are here to provide an independent, rather skeptical view of events at marquette university.  comments are enabled on most posts, but extended comments are welcome and can be e-mailed to jmcadams2@juno.com.  e-mailed comments will be treated like letters to the editor.

this site has no official connection with marquette university.  indeed, when university officials find out about it, they will doubtless want it shut down.





monday, august 16, 2021



	 
	 dr. john mcadams
	 
    


october 26th, 1945 - april 15th, 2021dr. john charles mcadams passed away on thursday, april 15th, 2021, at the age of 75. he was a devoted husband, father, and grandfather. john was a longtime resident of shorewood, wisconsin. he was a professor of political science at marquette university, and served as an elder at northtown church in milwaukee, where he was a member for 42 years.born and raised in kennedy, alabama, john was the son of a dairy farmer and teacher. he was valedictorian of his high school class and went on to earn a b.a. in sociology from the university of alabama, where he met his wife, lynda. upon graduating, he taught high school social studies for two years in his hometown of kennedy. inspired by this teaching experience, he went on to earn a master’s degree in social studies education from columbia university teachers college and a ph.d. in political science at harvard university. john then taught at marquette university for over 40 years.he was the respected author of two books, numerous journal articles and publications, and a popular blog. some years into his teaching career, he developed an interest in the jfk assassination. his extensive research and expertise made him one of the leading authorities on the subject. john was a dedicated and passionate teacher. he loved his students and viewed teaching as his lifelong mission. he once said that he received his entire salary for grading blue books because he would otherwise teach for free. he was loved and respected by his students. he was a steadfast supporter of academic freedom, intellectual diversity, and vigorous debate. john’s intellectual combativeness and unwavering principles helped him persevere through career trials. despite those trials, he maintained a positive outlook. although most well-known as a politics and jfk assassination buff, john had an eclectic set of interests including wine tasting, meticulously planning family vacations (including following red painted lines around boston), attending plays and musicals, moderating internet forums, and djing an internet radio station. his love of teaching extended to his personal life where he enjoyed sharing an encyclopaedic knowledge about arcane topics such as military aviation history, country music production, the intricacies of formal dress codes, and debunking conspiracy theories.more importantly, john will be remembered for his qualities as a husband, father, grandfather, and friend. john was kind, principled, and a role model to many. generous with his time and resources, he spent a large portion of his life in service to others. john adored his grandchildren, and never missed a recital, game, performance, or special event. he loved his family and they were of utmost importance to him. he was also a man of deep faith, and his church family was like a second family to him.john is preceded in death by his loving parents, j.c. and ellen mcadams of kennedy, alabama. john is survived by his wife of 51 years, lynda, their three children, laura vazquez (aurelio), amy radovich (peter), and john michael mcadams (shalini), five grandchildren, madeline dillon, aurelio vazquez, jr. (miriam), anneliese vazquez, nathan radovich, and david radovich, and two great-grandchildren, aaliyah dillon and zealand dillon. he is also survived by his dear sister, elaine land moody (wayne) and her family, as well as many other relatives and friends.visitation and funeral service will be held at northtown church (7000 north 107th street, milwaukee, wi) on sunday, april 25th, 2021. visitation is scheduled from 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm, with a service to follow at 4:00 pm. always a southerner at heart, john will be buried alongside his parents in kennedy, alabama on friday, april 30th, 2021.the family asks that in lieu of flowers to consider a contribution to “care net pregnancy center of milwaukee.” if you wish to donate, checks may be mailed to 4957 west fond du lac ave, milwaukee, wi 53216.john's celebration of life can be viewed here.



posted by john mcadams at 7:58 pm
0 comments






thursday, march 18, 2021



	 
	 marquette to update university seal
	 
    


from the office of the provost today:

•	in case you missed it: committee working on updating university seal – a university committee appointed by president michael r. lovell is working on an updated university seal that will celebrate marquette’s catholic, jesuit mission and pay tribute to the influence of indigenous peoples on our history. the committee has gathered input from the jesuit community, indigenous peoples, faculty, staff and students, and the design process is underway. the updated seal will be shared with the board of trustees for review and approval at a future board meeting. learn more on marquette today. 


so what is wrong with the present seal:  it features fr. marquette.

  it doesn’t sufficiently honor indigenous peoples.  note, marquette will not say “american indians.”  that’s not politically correct.  notwithstanding that indian tribes call themselves “indian” tribes.  those that don’t use “indian” simply use “tribe” or “nation.”  none calls itself “native american” or “indigenous.”
  


      so, the current seal is politically incorrect because it gives a central place to fr. marquette. at marquette university.
it’s absurd to say      
      “an updated university seal that will celebrate marquette’s catholic, jesuit mission.”  it merely shows that marquette is like secular universities.
  
    whic is something we already knew.
      
        this is yet another example of the boneheaded political correctness that afflicts marquette in the same way it afflicts most universities.  changing the seal will do absolutely nothing to help american indians, but it will give a warm glow of virtue to the politically correct.
        
          and look absolutely stupid to normal, sensible people.labels: fr. jacques marquette, marquette university, political correctness, seal



posted by john mcadams at 7:05 pm
0 comments






saturday, february 13, 2021



	 
	 democrats' hypocrisy on violence and "fighting"
	 
    


labels: democrats, donald trump impeachment, fight, hypocrisy, impeachment



posted by john mcadams at 8:11 am
1 comments






friday, october 23, 2020



	 
	 christina hoff sommers at marquette
	 
    


this will also be live streamed on youtube.  kudos to marquette young americans for freedom for arranging this.  it's...posted by john mcadams on friday, october 23, 2020



posted by john mcadams at 10:53 pm
0 comments






wednesday, august 05, 2020



	 
	 new college crest
	 
    


labels: bias, bias in academia, black lives matter, colleges and universities, leftist, leftist bias, leftist intolerance., political correctness



posted by john mcadams at 8:28 pm
0 comments






sunday, august 02, 2020



	 
	 marquette college republicans on student whose admission was threatened over conservative opinions
	 
    



from marquette’s college republicans on the attempt — which marquette was seriously considering acceding to — to boot a student from the 2020 freshman class because of her conservative opinions. 





the marquette college republicans want to commend our university for upholding their mission in the search of truth and discovery of knowledge by maintaining their decision regarding samantha pfefferle’s acceptance to marquette this fall. while, in the end, administrators made the correct decision, the way events transpired continues to concern our members. our club has a standing offer that if people disagree with our points of view, they are welcome to attend any club meeting or event to discuss those disagreements. instead of pursuing this appropriate course of action, emboldened upperclassmen (those meant to embody tolerance and maturity) mischaracterized and slandered one of our own.  more concerning is the feeling that our school’s administration gave these schoolyard bullies legitimacy by forcing samantha to defend conservative thought in an intimidating setting (outnumbered and answering trap questions) with the threat of university rejection looming. what transpired was unacceptable and must not be the procedure when conservative students share their views.  


marquette, as an institution of higher learning, has the responsibility of encouraging diversity of thought, not just skin color or ethnicity. it cannot endorse intellectual intolerance and certainly not partake in cancel culture. our club members deserve the ability to share their views without the fear of an inquisition by our administration or threats of harm by fellow students. marquette must stand strong against any threats of violence towards any student, including samantha. we seek only equal treatment and equal respect.


this affair highlights that too many people continue to misunderstand, willingly or unwillingly, our club’s intentions and opinions; but, while those who slander and threaten our members want us to retreat from our views, this matter will only strengthen our resolve and our mission. we believe great institutions like marquette should be proud of diverse opinions, as well as people, and we hope our fellow students, faculty members, administrators and alumni feel the same way too.  


-the marquette university college republicans

this is quite a good statement, and “schoolyard bullies” is the perfect description of the mob that wanted pfefferle cancelled.


we, however, would not have “commended” marquette.  marquette did not really come down on the side of free expression and intellectual diversity.  marquette backed off because pfefferle was willing to fight, and the issue had gotten considerable attention.


there is no reason to believe that the basic instinct of university bureaucrats — to pander to politically correct leftists — has changed at all.


but statements like this one — as well as the massive public relations fiasco marquette brought on itself — will hopefully temper the expression of that instinct.



labels: admissions, brian troyer, college republicans, erin cook, free speech, freshman class, leftist intolerance, marquette university, new students, political correctness, samantha pfefferle



posted by john mcadams at 9:46 am
1 comments






friday, july 31, 2020



	 
	 minneapolis needs help / or perhaps republican officials
	 
    





your browser does not support the video tag.


labels: barack obama, democrats, looting, minneapolis, rioting, tucker carlson, violence



posted by john mcadams at 8:04 pm
0 comments






thursday, july 30, 2020



	 
	 mainstream media
	 
    






labels: bias, biased language, liberal media, mainstream media, riots



posted by john mcadams at 1:18 pm
0 comments






wednesday, july 29, 2020



	 
	 marquette student who instigated campaign to get samantha pfefferle cancelled under investigation by marquette
	 
    



her name is erin cook, and she started the campaign to get samantha pfefferle who had been admitted to the fall, 2020 freshman class, cancelled from marquette because of her politically incorrect opinions.


from her instagram account:  an e-mail she got from marquette officials telling her she is the subject of a student conduct investigation:






we do not know if anything came of this investigation, and marquette never reveals such information.

cook, of course, is entirely unrepentant.  she promises to “call out” racism, sexism, transphobia and xenophobia, which in her world are pretty much any political opinion with which she disagrees.


we don’t know whether her campaign violated any marquette rules — although trying to get somebody punished for their political opinions ought to be against the rules at any university.  but few, if any, universities have the courage to make or enforce such a rule against leftist cancel culture.  instead, they pander to that culture.


any marquette students who sent harassing or threatening messages to pfefferle can be punished.  we hope to learn that that has happened.


and we hope that samantha pfefferle’s success in fighting off the forces of intolerance will embolden students to express themselves freely, ignoring the threats of the erin cooks of the campus.
labels: admissions, erin cook, free speech, freshman class, leftist intolerance, marquette university, new students, political correctness, samantha pfefferle, student conduct



posted by john mcadams at 2:10 pm
1 comments









	 
	 marquette’s dishonest spin on student whose admission was threatened because of her conservative views
	 
    



we broke the story right here, and it’s been all over the place: samantha pfefferle, a student who had been admitted to marquette for the fall semester posted a video touting her support for donald trump, and leftists on social media took offense.  they searched her posts, and found some politically incorrect opinions:  she opposed illegal immigration and refused to accept transgender ideology.  a massive e-mail campaign from leftists put her admission in doubt.


but now, marquette is trying to imply that her admission was never really in doubt, without actually saying so.



marquette’s first lie
marquette send out an e-mail on july 22, touting a politifact article, claiming:



a milwaukee journal sentinel politifact analysis rated “mostly false” a claim that marquette university threatened to rescind an incoming student’s admission for views she expressed on social media.

here is the blurb from the marquette e-mail:







but in fact, the article assesses the claim that “marquette university threatened to rescind student’s admission over pro-trump tiktok video.”

politifact claimed:


the pro-trump post was not at issue. marquette and the people complaining to the university were examining comments on topics like sexuality and immigration in other social media posts.

in other words, it was her political views that got her in trouble with the marquette admissions office.



in fact, marquette told the new york post that “concerns about this new student that were brought to the university’s attention were not based on political affiliation but on alleged use of discriminatory language.”  in the world of politically correct identity politics, “discriminatory language” is pretty much any conservative political position.

how the issue developed
the student’s admission came into doubt when a leftist marquette student named erin cook noticed the pro-trump tiktok video.  she described it as “shits tacky. pls watch out for this one, mu.” 




click on image to enlarge


going over pfefferle’s other posts, she found the heretical opinions on immigration and transgenderism, and started a campaign to have her admission cancelled.

was pfefferle threatened?
marquette told politifact:



“marquette received hundreds of emails, social media messages and formal bias-incident reports from current students, alumni and others regarding the incoming student’s social media posts and her comments on social media, which some deemed to be ‘transphobic and racist’ language,” university spokeswoman lynn griffith told politifact wisconsin in an email. “the concerns brought to us by hundreds of students and non-students were not specific to that (pro-trump) tiktok. rather, the messages and formal bias incident reports referenced other posts on the student’s social channels.”
translation:  it was indeed her political opinions that caused marquette to consider cancelling her.  the fact that there were “hundreds” of people in a leftist mob — most apparently claiming an connection with marquette — is utterly appalling.



background
pfefferle knew about the campaign against her, and had indeed received many harassing and threatening messages.



and marquette had indeed recently cancelled a student for an “offensive” social media post.  the student compared the cop who knelt on george floyd’s neck to colin kaepernick kneeling for the national anthem.


that’s a stupid analogy, but not much more stupid than that of a marquette english professor who compared looting and rioting in the wake of george floyd’s death to the boston tea party.


further, if you show me an 18 year-old who never makes stupid analogies, i’ll show you somebody who probably doesn’t need a college education.


but the leftist mob, having gotten one scalp, smelled blood, and was after pfefferle.  pfefferle knew about all this.


and indeed, erin cook, after the attempt to oust pfefferle failed, said that she thought that, after the successful attempt to oust one student, this attempt would succeed.





click on image to enlarge


hostile interrogation
when leftists begin to bombard marquette with demands that pfefferle be cancelled, the admissions office, rather than simply responding that “we don’t cancel students over political opinions,” promised to “review the situation and take appropriate action.”  erin cook posted the response she got from admissions dean brian troyer:



click on image to enlarge


pfefferle was then interviewed via zoom by two marquette officials, admissions dean brian troyer and erin lazzar (associate dean of students).  she has given several consistent accounts of what happened.

first, she was reminded she was “not a student.”  and, according to the college fix:



“they also asked me hypothetical questions regarding dreamers,” she said. “how would i respond if a dreamer who lived down the hall from me came up to me and told me she didn’t feel safe or comfortable with my views and me being on campus. they also asked me if they thought there was anything i could do to improve my image on campus. they proceeded to ask if i was comfortable with the reputation i have established for myself. the assistant dean asked if i put any thought into the response i would be getting from my videos.”
further, she was told by lazzar “the content you are pushing out has created this environment that is contrary to a learning environment that we hope our students are ­engaged in.”  what kind of “learning environment” is that?  perhaps one where leftist views are never challenged?


the interrogation was on wednesday, june 24. they told her they would get back to her in a couple of days.

threat?
marquette claims pfefferle was “never threatened.”  indeed, pfefferle doesn’t claim that anybody told her “we might kick you out.”


but was she right to feel threatened?


given the context, absolutely.

but was her admission really under threat?
when the weekend came, and she had no response, she went to a conservative marquette student activist, who came to us, and we blogged about it on sunday night.


it was picked up by local talk radio, with marquette getting chewed out by:


steve scaffidi

vicki mckenna

mark belling


other outlets picked it up, but somewhat slowly, most only reporting on it the following week.  but local talk radio is plenty powerful enough to get marquette’s attention.


when other media outlets became interested, and marquette went into full damage control mode, they put out several non-denial denials, claiming (as we have seen) that she was under attack for alleged “discriminatory language” which simply means she expressed politically incorrect opinions on immigration and transgenderism.



marquette lied
but then marquette told the daily mail:


information circulating today from a blog that marquette might rescind the admission of incoming freshman samantha pfefferle is false. marquette has not rescinded her admissions offer.

note the intention to deceive.  after marquette had backed down and told pfefferle her admission status had not been revoked (on july 6), marquette put out (on july 8) that it was untrue that it might rescind pfefferle’s admission.  a dishonest evasion.  the issue is whether marquette had earlier considered cancelling her.  it clearly had.



the smoking gun
on saturday, june 27 (the day before we blogged about it), we e-mailed brian troyer, asking him “what can you tell me about the attempt of leftist students to get the admissions offer of samantha pfefferle cancelled?”


his response at 10:38 a.m. the following day was “i cannot discuss matters under review involving future and/or continuing mu students.” [emphasis added]


so her case was “under review.”  the only issue that might be “under review” was her social media posts.  nobody had accused her of anything else.


the entire e-mail and his response is here.


troyer had no way of knowing that his honest response that sunday morning would undermine marquette’s later spin on the issue.

after the story broke here and on talk radio, troyer failed to respond to an e-mail from fr. kurz (posted here on july 6, but sent several days earlier) or our letter of june 30.  he (or marquette pr people) could have responded saying the issue was moot, since she was not going to be cancelled.  but apparently, the issue was not moot.

quite obviously, they were still considering whether to boot pfefferle.



lovell and damage control
a leaked e-mail, dated july 8 that marquette president michael lovell set to trustees has been published on powerline blog.



in it, lovell says that:



we at marquette then received many messages and bias incident reports about the language she [pfefferle] used in her posts.

here is an article about the trend at high schools and colleges around the country, especially in the wake of george floyd’s death.


as is our practice when bias incidents are filed, dean of admissions brian troyer and associate dean of students erin lazzar followed up by having a conversation with the incoming student. we did not rescind her offer nor was that even mentioned.

but it was clearly being considered, and pfefferle could plainly see that.


following this conversation, however, the incoming student conducted interviews with blogs and talk radio where she inaccurately says that we threatened to rescind her admission.

she didn’t say any such thing, but she clearly knew that her admission was under threat.



those blogs have been making the rounds for about a week, and one such link from powerlineblog.com has been more widely shared today.


this afternoon donald trump, jr. retweeted an article from college fix.


since then, we have received messages on social media, mostly from people with no affiliation with marquette, who want to express their anger about us “rescinding” her offer of admissions. we did correct misinformation with blogs that were spreading blatant falsehoods, though some still continue to share inaccurate headlines, links, and social media posts. we are also replying to marquette alumni and those with a marquette affiliation letting them know of the inaccuracy of the reports. that has satisfied most of the people we have engaged in the marquette community.

now the most damning:



after consultation with our external crisis communication consultants this afternoon we released the following statement [emphasis added]:

marquette university’s admissions decisions are made based on academic achievements and student involvement, not political views. information circulating today from a blog that marquette might rescind the admission of incoming freshman samantha pfefferle is false. marquette has not rescinded her admissions offer.

yes, when you are the head of a bureaucracy that has done something evil, simply telling the honest truth won’t suffice.  you need 
“external crisis communication consultants.”


to state the obvious, an honest university administration would not need “external crisis communication consultants.”


summary
marquette did what it usually does:  it pandered to the leftist mob, seriously considering whether to placate the mob by kicking out a student who had expressed politically incorrect opinions.


what they did not foresee was that pfefferle was willing to fight back, first by coming to us, and then by interviewing with any media outlet interested in the story.  a lot were.


although the huge burst of national (and international) publicity came a day or two after july 6, when troyer told her she had not been cancelled, the bureaucrats knew that she was willing to fight back, and could easily foresee that the story would go national and international.


when it did, they moved into damage control mode.


labels: admissions, brian troyer, erin cook, erin lazzar, free speech, freshman class, leftist intolerance, marquette university, michael lovell, new students, political correctness, samantha pfefferle



posted by john mcadams at 12:18 am
0 comments






monday, july 27, 2020



	 
	 the sins of the fathers
	 
    






labels: ancestors, cancel culture, leftist intolerance, liberal intolerance, political correctness



posted by john mcadams at 9:54 am
0 comments






friday, july 17, 2020



	 
	 free speech group speaks out against cancel culture at marquette university
	 
    



the fiasco which marquette brought upon itself by pandering to the leftist mob, and threatening a conservative entering freshman with having her admission cancelled, continues to resonate.





press release from the liberty justice center
media contact:  kristen williamson, media@libertyjusticecenter.org


milwaukee (july 16, 2020) — in an incredibly toxic, divisive political environment, a mob-like cancel culture has taken hold in many industries. this culture of shutting down debate and muzzling free speech is not limited to professionals or public figures. it has infiltrated college campuses in an attempt to silence a new generation of college students. 


recently, an admitted student to marquette university was villainized and shamed for expressing her political views. when a current marquette student discovered her online posts and unilaterally declared her point of view intolerable, the student led an attack campaign against the incoming freshman. the new golden eagle, samantha pfefferle, told her story to various media outlets to expose the hypocritical and discriminatory behavior she experienced from the marquette community. she alleges that her very admission to the university was threatened and she even received death threats.
 

today, patrick hughes, president and co-founder of the liberty justice center, felt compelled to weigh in through an open letter to the university’s president, dr. michael r. lovell. hughes not only leads a national, public interest law firm committed to protecting our fundamental, constitutional rights, he is also a graduate of marquette university. 


hughes warns that marquette university should not discriminate based on political views or free speech expressions. this discrimination runs afoul of marquette’s principles and could put the university’s federal funding at risk. here are excerpts from hughes’s july 16 letter:


on patrick’s motivation to contact the university president:
“not only is the marquette campus better off with a wide array of perspectives, but so is our country. to that end, i have spent the better part of the last decade working to make life better for others by litigating to protect our fundamental, constitutional rights. ten years ago, i co-founded the liberty justice center, a national, public interest law firm that specializes in first amendment and free speech litigation. we are best known for helping free non-union public sector workers from paying forced union fees in janus v. afscme…”
 

on threats made against incoming student samantha pfefferle: 
“according to ms. pfefferle, an admissions official asked about her image on campus, her reputation as a result of her videos and how students who hold different points of view would feel if she was present on campus. my firm has not observed or been made aware of any instances of students who hold opposing points of view to ms. pfefferle being treated in remotely the same manner.”
 

on university leaders living up to marquette’s commitment to free speech:
“marquette has made several commitments to students that guarantee their free speech. marquette’s mission statement states, ‘[w]e are firmly committed to academic freedom.’ the university’s guiding values also promise ‘an inclusive, diverse community that fosters . . . vigorous yet respectful debate.’”
 

finally, hughes concludes: 
“moreover, i am left to wonder what would have become of ms. pfefferle's admission if she didn't have the courage to speak to the press. what will happen to others seeking a marquette education — who like ms. pfefferle simply prefer a political candidate in opposition to the mob — and who don't have the power to speak? i hope it never comes to that again, but if it does please know that the liberty justice center will be there to speak (and litigate) on their behalf.”
 

university leaders must model support for free speech before they become complicit in the silencing of students and faculty on campus, thereby quashing the free, academic exchange of ideas. if students at marquette university or other universities and colleges across the country experience this type of suppression in the future, liberty justice center is prepared to defend their constitutional rights. 
 
the entire letter is here, and is well worth reading.


labels: admissions, brian troyer, erin cook, free speech, freshman class, leftist intolerance, marquette university, new students, political correctness, samantha pfefferle



posted by john mcadams at 1:25 pm
0 comments






thursday, july 16, 2020



	 
	 covid: the case for opening up
	 
    





your browser does not support the video tag.


labels: alex berenson, corona virus, covid-19, lock down, open up, pandemic, school children, schools



posted by john mcadams at 9:16 pm
0 comments









	 
	 marquette college republicans respond to threat to cancel admission of conservative student
	 
    





at the behest of a leftist mob, marquette’s admissions office contacted freshman admit samantha pfefferle over her supposed “discriminatory language” in social media posts.


pfefferle had made it clear she supports donald trump, wants to end illegal immigration, and does not accept transgender ideology.


she was reminded she was “not a student” and subjected to a hostile interrogation concerning her political views.


the admissions office said they would “get back to her” in a couple of days, clearly implying her admission was now in doubt.  but they did not get back to her.  she went public on this blog, and after her situation was publicized on milwaukee talk radio, marquette (twelve days after the original interrogation) finally told her her admission had not been cancelled.


this threat to free speech and diversity of viewpoint has concerned a lot of people, but especially concerned have been the marquette college republicans.  if conservative speech can be punished coming from a incoming freshman, are marquette students who express similar views in danger?  pfefferle was a bit more vulnerable, having not begun classes, but intolerant leftist mobs routinely target conservative students.


thus the marquette college republicans sent the following statement to marquette officials.



the marquette college republicans want to commend our university for upholding their mission in the search of truth and discovery of knowledge by maintaining their decision regarding samantha pfefferle’s acceptance to marquette this fall. while, in the end, administrators made the correct decision, the way events transpired continues to concern our members. our club has a standing offer that if people disagree with our points of view, they are welcome to attend any club meeting or event to discuss those disagreements. instead of pursuing this appropriate course of action, emboldened upperclassmen (those meant to embody tolerance and maturity) mischaracterized and slandered one of our own. more concerning is the feeling that our school’s administration gave these schoolyard bullies legitimacy by forcing samantha to defend conservative thought in an intimidating setting (outnumbered and answering trap questions) with the threat of university rejection looming. what transpired was unacceptable and must not be the procedure when conservative students share their views.


marquette, as an institution of higher learning, has the responsibility of encouraging diversity of thought, not just skin color or ethnicity. it cannot endorse intellectual intolerance and certainly not partake in cancel culture. our club members deserve the ability to share their views without the fear of an inquisition by our administration or threats of harm by fellow students. marquette must stand strong against any threats of violence towards any student, including samantha. we seek only equal treatment and equal respect.
this affair highlights that too many people continue to misunderstand, willingly or unwillingly, our club’s intentions and opinions; but, while those who slander and threaten our members want us to retreat from our views, this matter will only strengthen our resolve and our mission. we believe great institutions like marquette should be proud of diverse opinions, as well as people, and we hope our fellow students, faculty members, administrators and alumni feel the same way too.
-the marquette university college republicans

the college republicans have asked for a meeting with marquette officials.  hopefully, those officials will commit to free expression on campus.


and hopefully, they will live up to that commitment the next time the leftist mob gets mad.


labels: admissions, brian troyer, donald trump, erin cook, free speech, freshman class, leftist intolerance, marquette university, new students, political correctness, samantha pfefferle



posted by john mcadams at 7:11 pm
2 comments






tuesday, july 14, 2020



	 
	 christian schneider on marquette freshman whose admission to marquette was threatened for conservative posts
	 
    


christian schneider is a former student of ours, and a former opinion columnist for the journal-sentinel, who now writes for a variety of outlets, including national review.

it seems the story of samantha pfefferle, whose admission to marquette was thrown into doubt when the leftist mob discovered her politically incorrect social media posts, has made it to out-state wisconsin markets.  schneider is here interviewed on wclo in janesville.




your browser does not support the audio element.


labels: admissions, brian troyer, christian schneider, donald trump, erin cook, free speech, freshman class, leftist intolerance, marquette university, new students, political correctness, wclo



posted by john mcadams at 9:37 pm
0 comments









	 
	 blacks who really care about black lives
	 
    





labels: black community, black family, black lives matter, david webb, denzel washington, larry elder, lil wayne, morgan freeman



posted by john mcadams at 6:56 pm
0 comments









	 
	 marquette freshman whose admission was threatened on laura ingraham
	 
    





your browser does not support the video tag.


labels: admissions, brian troyer, donald trump, erin cook, free speech, freshman class, laura ingraham, leftist intolerance, marquette university, new students, political correctness, samantha pfefferle



posted by john mcadams at 9:14 am
0 comments






monday, july 13, 2020



	 
	 people can fight back — if they will
	 
    





labels: intolerance, mob, riots, statues



posted by john mcadams at 5:50 pm
0 comments









	 
	 marquette freshman trump supporter whose admission was threatened goes international
	 
    



her name is samantha pfefferle — we declined to name her at first, to protect her from additional harassment, but her name is now all over the place.


intolerant leftist students, led by one erin cook, wrote marquette demanding her admission to the school be revoked on the basis of certain politically incorrect opinions she held:  opposition to illegal immigration and refusal to accept transgender ideology.


marquette responded by subjecting her to a hostile interrogation, and then for 12 days holding over her the possibility that she would be kicked out of the freshman class.


we broke the story, and milwaukee area talk radio quickly featured it.


finally, on the morning of july 6, she got an e-mail from brian troyer, dean of admissions, assuring her that her admission was not in danger.



the college fix chimes in
finally, on july 7, the college fix ran a story on the issue.





click on image to enlarge


this got picked up widely.

in the uk, by the daily mail.

by the new york post.


by howie carr on talk radio.

church militant

duke pesta podcast — go to 11:40.

the dom giordano program.

the mix

the sun (u.k.)

the post millennial


and many more.



marquette’s dishonest response
marquette tried to downplay the whole business by issuing a non-denial denial that rescinding her admission was ever under consideration.  marquette’s web page asserts:


marquette university’s admissions decisions are made based on academic achievements and student involvement, not political views. information publicly circulating that marquette might rescind the admission of incoming freshman samantha pfefferle is false. marquette has not rescinded, nor did it threaten to rescind, her admission.

but marquette was clearly considering rescinding her admission.


in the first place, a form letter, distributed by on erin cook on instagram clearly called for the rescinding of her admission.  presumably, a fair number of people sent it to marquette.


second, marquette had recently rescinded the admission of another student over a politically incorrect social media post.


third, the admissions office subjected pfefferle to an inquisition over her social media posts.  according to pfefferle:



“they also asked me hypothetical questions regarding dreamers,” she said. “how would i respond if a dreamer who lived down the hall from me came up to me and told me she didn’t feel safe or comfortable with my views and me being on campus. they also asked me if they thought there was anything i could do to improve my image on campus. they proceeded to ask if i was comfortable with the reputation i have established for myself. the assistant dean asked if i put any thought into the response i would be getting from my videos.”

what would be the point of the interrogation unless they were considering rescinding her admission?

they told her she was “not a student,” and that they would “let her know something” in a couple of days.  “know something” about what, if not whether she was to be booted?

fourth, admissions dean brian troyer could have responded to this letter (which we e-mailed to him as well as posting on this blog) by simply saying that her admission was not in question.  other people wrote too.  but he did not.  which clearly implies kicking her out was still under consideration.


finally, after the hostile interrogation on june 24, admissions waited until july 6 to finally inform her that her admission was not in question.  quite clearly, whether she would be admitted was under consideration that entire time.



“discriminatory language”
marquette told the new york post that “concerns about this new student that were brought to the university’s attention were not based on political affiliation but on alleged use of discriminatory language.”



but what was the “discriminatory language?”  pfefferle made it clear that she did not accept transgender ideology, and further that was was opposed to illegal immigration.  in the world of leftist (or merely opportunistic) bureaucrats, that’s “discriminatory.”




conclusion
marquette, quite simply, pandered to the leftist mob who wanted pfefferle kicked out of the freshman class, and seriously considered kicking her out.  when she fought back, going public on this blog and on local talk radio, they decided that the backlash from kicking her out would be worse than the wrath of the leftist mob if they failed to.


but then, they issued intentionally misleading statements, implying that her admission was never in doubt.  but their use of the term “discriminatory language” shows it clearly was, and that the “discriminatory language” was merely her espousing standard conservative political opinions.


labels: admissions, brian troyer, donald trump, erin cook, free speech, freshman class, leftist intolerance, marquette university, new students, political correctness



posted by john mcadams at 2:48 pm
0 comments






thursday, july 09, 2020



	 
	 marquette professor compares george floyd rioting to boston tea party
	 
    



cedric burrows is assistant professor of english at marquette, and he recently talked to channel 4 about words people are allowed, and not allowed to use.


the headline: “responding to inequalities: common words or phrases with racist history.”


as is usual with the politically correct, often the words do not in fact have a racist history, but are inconvenient for people on the left.



rioting
take, for example, “rioting.”  burrows explained to channel 4:



he hopes the current events can be an example for change. those who may label protests as riots are giving a negative connotation to what’s happening. he compares it to the boston tea party being referred to as a rebellion; or good triumphing over evil.
“when i hear that, it’s like, i hear that history,” burrows said. “they may not realize it, but that’s when i have to explain to them the dynamics behind it. because they thinker’s a matter of me being too stiff or formal. i say this is my background.”

so was the rioting and looting in the wake of the death of george floyd at all like the boston tea party?



the destruction of the tea was a very costly blow to the british. besides the destruction of the tea, historical accounts record no damage was done to any of the three ships, the crew or any other items onboard the ships except for one broken padlock. the padlock was the personal property of one of the ships’ captains and was promptly replaced the next day by the patriots. great care was taken by the sons of liberty to avoid the destruction of personal property – save for the cargo of british east india company tea. nothing was stolen or looted from the ships, not even the tea. one participant tried to steal some tea but was reprimanded and stopped. the sons of liberty were very careful about how the action was carried out and made sure nothing besides the tea was damaged. after the destruction of the tea, the participants swept the decks of the ships clean, and anything that was moved was put back in its proper place. the crews of the ships attested to the fact there had been no damage to any of the ships except for the destruction of their cargoes of tea.

is what you see in this video really like what was done in boston harbor?




your browser does not support the video tag.



are we to suppose this woman views the looting in the wake of the george floyd death as like the boston tea party?




according to the journal-sentinel:


katherine mahmoud is furious about george floyd’s death — but she’s also angry at those who destroyed her family’s milwaukee cellphone shop as protests escalated early saturday morning.


“if you really care deeply in your heart ... (protest) in silence, go to the courts,” she said.


she was awakened in the early hours by a phone call from the alarm company. not knowing what to expect, she drove from her home in oak creek to her family’s boost mobile store on north king jr. drive in milwaukee’s harambee neighborhood. 


the windows were smashed, the merchandise all gone.

she complained: “i look just like them.”


why would she think they cared?



thug
“thug” is a word burrows wants silenced, as he explains:

thug - “people harken back to how it may sound and they remember how people were explicitly saying the n-word so it evokes a particular memory of society and how it was more blatantly racist than it is now.”

this statement is not entirely coherent, but he seems to be saying people think of black people when they hear “thug.” but webster’s merely defines “thug” as:


: a brutal ruffian or assassin : gangster, tough

but if people do associate “thug” with black people why is that?  could it be that there have been riots over a number of high-profile black thugs like michael brown and (yes) george floyd — although nothing floyd did justified his killing by the cop.


could it have something to do with the fact that blacks, 13% of the population, commit 48.4% of all homicides in the u.s.?




click on image to enlarge

in reality, before the upsurge of black crime in the 60s, almost nobody would have associated the word with black people.  most likely, they would have said a mafia hit man was the paradigmatic thug.

of course, in 2015, barack obama called rioters in baltimore “criminals and thugs.”

honesty in language
the great proponent of the use of honest language was, of course, george orwell, whose 1984 described a regime in which words could mean their exact opposite, if it served the interests of the regime.


in his essay on “politics and the english language” he gives some examples of the use of dishonest language.


thus political language has to consist largely of euphemism, question-begging and sheer cloudy vagueness. defenceless villages are bombarded from the air, the inhabitants driven out into the countryside, the cattle machine-gunned, the huts set on fire with incendiary bullets: this is called pacification. millions of peasants are robbed of their farms and sent trudging along the roads with no more than they can carry: this is called transfer of population or rectification of frontiers. people are imprisoned for years without trial, or shot in the back of the neck or sent to die of scurvy in arctic lumber camps: this is called elimination of unreliable elements. such phraseology is needed if one wants to name things without calling up mental pictures of them. consider for instance some comfortable english professor defending russian totalitarianism. he cannot say outright, ‘i believe in killing off your opponents when you can get good results by doing so’. probably, therefore, he will say something like this:


while freely conceding that the soviet régime exhibits certain features which the humanitarian may be inclined to deplore, we must, i think, agree that a certain curtailment of the right to political opposition is an unavoidable concomitant of transitional periods, and that the rigours which the russian people have been called upon to undergo have been amply justified in the sphere of concrete achievement.


thus rioting and looting become “protests” or “demonstrations.”


people wanting to defund the police are said to be concerned with “racial justice.”


people tearing down statues are supposedly demanding that “america come to terms with its racist past.”



people who use, and insist other people use, dishonest language must be assumed to have a dishonest agenda.  they simply can’t defend their positions using straightforward english, so they demand that words be used in a way that obfuscates the reality.  dishonest thinking demands dishonest language, which promotes more dishonest thinking.


labels: boston tea party, cedric burrows, english department, george orwell, language, looting, marquette university, riot



posted by john mcadams at 8:58 am
0 comments











about me

name:  john mcadams 
location:  milwaukee, wisconsin, united states 
view my complete profile

previous posts

dr. john mcadams
marquette to update university seal
democrats' hypocrisy on violence and "fighting"
christina hoff sommers at marquette
new college crest
marquette college republicans on student whose adm...
minneapolis needs help / or perhaps republican off...
mainstream media
marquette student who instigated campaign to get s...
marquette’s dishonest spin on student whose admiss...

archives

october 2002
september 2004
november 2004
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
october 2012
november 2012
december 2012
january 2013
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
may 2013
june 2013
july 2013
august 2013
september 2013
october 2013
november 2013
december 2013
january 2014
february 2014
march 2014
april 2014
may 2014
june 2014
july 2014
september 2014
october 2014
november 2014
december 2014
january 2015
february 2015
march 2015
april 2015
may 2015
june 2015
july 2015
august 2015
september 2015
october 2015
november 2015
december 2015
january 2016
february 2016
march 2016
april 2016
may 2016
june 2016
july 2016
august 2016
september 2016
october 2016
november 2016
december 2016
january 2017
february 2017
march 2017
april 2017
may 2017
june 2017
july 2017
august 2017
september 2017
october 2017
november 2017
december 2017
january 2018
february 2018
march 2018
april 2018
may 2018
june 2018
july 2018
august 2018
september 2018
october 2018
november 2018
december 2018
january 2019
february 2019
march 2019
april 2019
may 2019
june 2019
july 2019
august 2019
september 2019
october 2019
november 2019
december 2019
february 2020
march 2020
may 2020
june 2020
july 2020
august 2020
october 2020
february 2021
march 2021
august 2021


useful links
right wisconsin — coverage of wisconsin news and politics from a conservative perspective.


the louis joliet society — an alumni association trying to get marquette to live up to its claims to be “catholic.”



marquette tribune — marquette's own junior version of the mainstream media.

marquette college republicans — pretty active of late.

marquette college democrats 
— just what the name implies, and like the college republicans, pretty active.

dad29 — marquette alum writing mostly on state politics issues.

marquette university law school faculty blog — law professors write some
of the best blogs in the country, so it's good to see marquette law faculty joining that movement.


shark and shepherd — blog from a conservative law school faculty member.



mark f. johnson — marquette thomist theologian on various topics.




the dimming torch — liberal marquette philosophy professor on politics and 
other things.


health reform explained — marquette alum writes about the changes in the health care system.



kennedy assassination home page — one of this bloggers other obsessions.


milwaukee young republicans — interesting links and news on events.



student blogs

gay/straight alliance of marquette — student 
organization marquette recognized claiming it 
was in no way in conflict with marquette's catholic mission


wisconsin blogs — a selective list, all highly recommended
media trackers
wagner on the web
jiblog
boots & sabers
maciver institute
freedom eden
yosamite says
wigderson library & pub
badger pundit
christian schneider
milwaukee federalists
the provincial e-mails
from where i sit
wisconsin family voice
cold spring shops
crusader knight


atom feed for this site
site feed










