






hazen memorial library































































menu





homeinfoget a library cardmap & directionslibrary hoursstaff directorypolicieshistory of the libraryfriends of the librarytrusteesannual reportscontact usserviceshome accessinternet & wirelessprint, copy & faxresearch helpwowbrary sign upyouth servicesmeeting spacesresourceschildren's roomhistorical roomturner's public spiritby volumeby year250th anniversary quilthomework centerlibrary catalogmobile hotspotsmuseum passesshirley linksdatabaseslibrary catalognovelist plusoverdrive catalogoverdrive digital magazinesstatewide databasescalendarcatalogaccount login


























hours & information
 



sunday
closed


monday
10 - 6


tuesday
10 - 6


wednesday
10 - 6


thursday
10 - 6


friday
closed


saturday
9 - 1




 
phone: 978-425-2620 


























































overdrive catalog


click this link for overdrive digital catalog
did you know? there are over 3,000 magazine titles available now without holds or waiting!
download the libby app and start reading or listen to an audiobook!
quick links


log in to your accounthazen library catalogoverdrive catalogoverdrive digital magazinesmobile hotspotshome delivery applicationmeeting room request formmuseum passesnovelist plusstoryline onlinewowbrary new book noticesdonate to hml endowment fundfriends member form

















 welcome to hazen memorial library 



have you seen the textile donation shed in our parking lot?
we are now accepting used clothing and other textiles like shoes, belts, purses, blankets, sheets, curtains and stuffed animals in good condition.
st. pauly textile inc. will help us keep these items out of landfills, and will distribute them here in the u.s. and in countries where they're most needed.
all donations are tax deductible, just scan the qr code on the front of the shed. thank you for helping support the library and reducing waste in landfills.
for more info about st. pauly textile, visit their homepage at https://www.stpaulytextile.com/ 
 
see our calendar page for all events  











new arrivals

see hazen library's newest books, movies and online magazines through our wowbrary link
















newsletter



join our email list


 

like us on facebook

 


shirley public library

be a friend of the library


 renew your friends membership today!
 support the library's programs and museum passes made possible by the friends of the hazen memorial library.
 open and print the form above
   and mail it to:
   friends of the hazen memorial library
   po box 653, shirley, ma 01464
   or stop by the front desk. 
   thank you!






 






















copyright hazen memorial library 3 keady way, shirley, ma  01464.  all rights reserved. 













