  home - powell blinds      homeabout ushome ideascommercialinternal blindsexternal blindscontact us




menu


menu



this browser does not support html5 videomicrolouvre®; the
world’s thinnest and
lightest metal louvre
fabricthe ultimate climate-protecting solution for blocking solar
heat gain, providing solar shading, light & glare control and energy savings.the professional answer for architects, environmental &
lighting consultants and building service engineers.


this browser does not support html5 video
riba house of the year 2017huge congratulations to james macdonald wright and niall maxwell.caring wood – blinds specified and supplied by powell blindspowell blinds is proud to have been involved with the development and build of caring wood house.
it has won the riba house of the year 2017 as seen on grand designs.
we are especially pleased to have been able to use external markilux shading to all the perimeter windows and these are motorised markilux 710 vertical roller systems all linked to a building management system.
these provide protection from glare and solar gain helping to make this project carbon neutral.
we also provided some markilux underglass roof awnings with a blackout cloth to some bedrooms with skylights.
we also installed qmotion battery blinds to some of the bedrooms where access to controls was difficult.
they are the perfect solution for this property and every window has a pocket to hide any type of blind. all the exterior roller blinds are hidden in bespoke wooden recesses so as not to detract from the clear minimal design of this truly stunning contemporary manor house.commercial propertieslearn morewelcomewelcome to powell blinds, one of the uk’s leading suppliers of specialist shading and motorised blinds to high end residential and commercial properties. we want to provide you with details of as wide a range of made to measure blinds and shading products as possible, many of which cannot be found on other blind retailer sites. in fact, most of our work comes from enquirers who just couldn’t find the solution to their particular problem on the myriad of e-commerce blind sites.high end residentiallearn moreexpertisewe pride ourselves on having the expertise to cover any window or skylight no matter how large, high up or awkwardly shaped. please email or phone through your query and we’ll be happy to help.homeabout ushome ideascommercialinternal blindsexternal blindscontact uslegalprivacysite map67 queensway, horsham,
west sussex, rh13 5ap
englandt: +44 1293 852345
m: +44 7973 343187
e: info@powellblinds.com
copyright © 2024 powell blinds. all rights reserved. facebooklinkedinpinterestyoutubexscroll to top       




