

the r value of house insulation














 















































































 




































































































































































































click for houseinsulation r valueinformation
				








click for the r valueof wall systems 








click for r  value tipson home insulation
                      








click for informationon spray foaminsulation 








click for a comparisonof fiberglass andcellulose insulation








the best homefoundation waterproofing
                       







click here fortestimonials onhome foundationwaterproofingproducts
                      








contact us to gethome foundation waterproofingproducts
                     









 

 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 



 page 
                                    1  page 
                                    2  page 
                                    3  page 
                                    4  page 
                                    5 


click 
                                    to go to page 1 
                                    find out what r value is 
                                      
                                    click to go to page 2 
                                    read about wall systems and r values
 
                                    click to go to page 3 
                                  get some r-value home insulation tips
 
                                    click to go to page 4 
                                    read about spray foam insulation  
                                    click to go to page 5 
                                    read about deciding the best insulation for homes 


what is r value?






r value insulation ratings are used to measure insulations ability to resist heat flow. the higher the r value, the more effective it is. house insulation should be purchased based on its r value, not thickness or weight.

	
							  
								
 
facts about r value

some quick facts about r value are:

one type of insulation maybe thicker or thinner, but if the r value is the same they should insulate equally.

r value performance testing is done in a 70 f environment with no air movement.  ironically enough, when you need insulation the most you're generally not in these ideal temperatures or conditions. this can result in the rated house insulation r value being higher than the actual effective r value.

the average recommended r value of insulating material for basement insulation in north america is r-12.

the r value in house insulation is substantially lowered when there's any air or water/moisture leaks.

the standard r value for house insulation varies based on climate and temperature

1 inch of insulation is = to 30 inches of concrete.


there are different types of house insulation materials, each having a different r value.some of the best insulation materials are:

house insulation r value of blown in cellulose insulation is 3.70 per inch

house insulation r value of fiberglass insulation is 3.14 per inch    

house insulation r value of expanded polystyrene is 4.00 per inch

 


 
table of r value

some quick facts about r value are:
 


r value for house insulationstandards
table of r value for houseinsulation standards

 
the house insulation r value of insulating boards are:
expanded polystyrene     4.00 per inch
	extruded polystyrene      5.00 per inch	
	polyisocyanurate &
	polyurethane                  6-7 per inch
 

protecting your house insulation and its r value






protecting your house insulation and keeping your r value high is extremely important. water is one of the biggest concerns in regards to r value and house insulation. if moisture/water gets into your house insulation, it lowers the r value. the moisture will weigh down the insulation leaving gaps and bare spots.  dimpled membrane provides a permanent barrier against water/moisture from entering your home. it protects your house insulation and its r value by helping keep your home dry and healthy.
 helps protect and increase the life expectancy of your house insulation and its r value.
 






for more information ona concrete foundationclick next











 








site design by   wpx 
                                        design studio   ©2003





 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
























