






jdi | jane doe inc., the massachusetts coalition against sexual assault and domestic violence


































follow



find help



donate















media resources

domestic violence homicides


members
contact us

privacy policy


support our work

groups and companies
grand circle of giving
donate in-kind
cell phone donations


find help
















exit site



 















there is strength in numberswe find strength in our coalition membership, our partnerships, and our commitment to safety and justice for all.
together we’ll prevent conditions that foster sexual and domestic violence and replace them with the means to create a world free of abuse.










what we do

at jane doe inc. we work to amplify the voices of all who are impacted by sexual and domestic violence and to undo the social injustices that perpetuate an abuse of power.
we work with our coalition members and a host of public and private partners to create policies and explore innovative solutions that improve the lives of survivors. we seek to prevent sexual assault and domestic violence by changing the lens through which people view the experiences of survivors and by promoting safety and justice for everyone.
our work complements the life-saving and healing services provided by our community-embedded coalition members from the berkshires to the cape and everywhere in between.





find help



donate







what’s up at jdi






hema sarang-sieminski named next executive director of jane doe inc.

for immediate release contact: harry shipps, harry@ninetywest.com hema sarang-sieminski named next executive director of jane doe inc. boston, july 31 – today, jane doe inc. (jdi), the massachusetts coalition against sexual assault and domestic violence, announced...




jane doe inc. statement on the senate passage of an act to prevent abuse and exploitation

contact: katherine sele, katherine@ninetywest.com jane doe inc. statement on the senate passage of an act to prevent abuse and exploitation jane doe inc. (jdi), the massachusetts coalition against sexual assault and domestic violence, released the following statement...




press release: jane doe inc. leads 2024 advocacy day on beacon hill to support key legislative and budget priorities

for immediate release jane doe inc. leads 2024 advocacy day on beacon hill to support key legislative and budget priorities along with survivors, advocates, and legislators, jdi called for critical policy action to support survivors and prevent violence boston, ma –...
















our community

our community is made up of a large and growing group of local, regional, and national allies. using our collective power, we work together to create the world we want to make. learn more about these invaluable voices for change.

meet our community







our impact

jdi has been at the forefront of this work in massachusetts for decades, changing the way society views and reacts to sexual and domestic violence in ways that make our communities safer today and for future generations.  we’ve come a long way in exposing these issues that too often remain hidden and thrive on silence. as the collective community enters a brave new dialogue around sexual assault and domestic violence, we continue to offer leadership, expertise, and advocacy to help survivors heal and advance justice.









million increased funding advocating for sexual and domestic violence services in massachusetts fy2021 state budget resulted in an additional $10million – a 25% increase! – including funds for prevention.







coalition members across massachusetts







number of lawmakers our network met with on our most recent advocacy day







donate

when you donate to jdi, you express your commitment to social justice and a world free of violence. your charitable contribution is an investment: an investment in safer communities, an investment in saving and improving the lives of countless individuals and families, and investment in our future.

donate











stay informed

get updates from jdi on breaking news, legislation, events, and more.



subscribe now



 















jane doe inc.
p.o. box 960849
boston ma 02196

info@janedoe.org





jdi office: 617-248-0922
safelink statewide hotline:1-877-785-2020
tty: 1-877-521-2601












home
find help
support our work
member login
















© jane doe inc. 2022 | all rights reserved




 





























