







home page - markleville lumber company






































































skip to content










services
materials
sustainability
our team
contact us












menu toggle





services
materials
sustainability
our team
contact us

























quality beyond the pallet 




what once began as a simple pallet has evolved into a complex design. each pallet needs to protect, ship, automate, and secure product. it needs to travel through automated machinery, travel through different regions and countries—safely. pallets are a critical component of day-to-day operations. 








 
get started



























 




trusted partner 




markleville has been a trusted partner in the pallet and skid industry for almost 50 years, providing quality products, excellent customer service and on-time delivery. 











 




custom solutions 




we listen, adapt, and customize solutions to fit your needs. we offer on-site inventory management and value-engineer to save you money. 











 




simple approach 




we take the time to understand your operating challenges and packaging needs with consistency and reliability. 




























services 




























custom pallets​ 




we have an experienced team to help design your specialty pallets. we will collaborate with your packaging specialists and provide in-house audits. our goal is to create the best solution while focusing on price and integrity. 











 

















 










heat-treated pallets 




we offer ispm 15 heat-treated pallets that meet the export specifications. we can heat-treat almost any size pallet and skid required. 
















consistency & automation 




our automated manufacturing process ensures consistency, higher quality, and tight tolerances. we can produce large production runs while maintaining this level of quality.  











 

















 










pallet inventory management 




markleville offers an inventory management program for our customers to track pallet inventory and inform when inventory is low. inventory replenishment and material stock programs are also available to ensure quick turnaround times.markleville also offers a material stock program. we will keep up to six weeks of raw material at our facility to ensure quick turn-around times. 
















delivery 




we have our own fleet of drivers and trailers to meet our customers’ on-time delivery needs. we have the ability to spot trailers. we will drop off a fully-loaded trailer and our customers can pull as needed. once the trailer is empty, it can then be loaded with scrap lumber and pallets. we will then recycle the scrap lumber if requested. 











 






























"markleville's success is based on strong and rewarding partnerships. many of our customers have been with us for over a decade. we understand the need to keep current with technology and our customers needs."



 

sam hosier
general manager







































materials 























 




hardwood 










 




softwood 










 




osb 










 




food-grade 










 




plywood 
















we understand your end-client. food grade, international, appearance, cost—all key factors when choosing materials. our experts conduct packaging audits to confirm you are getting the best solution, best materials and best pallet design.we can also support your custom packaging needs. we have great sourcing options for foam, corrugated, hardware, and silicone liners, plus any unique materials you may need. 










































 










sustainability 



we recycle, reuse and repurpose.  




the definition of “recycle” is to treat or process (used or waste materials) so as to make suitable for reuse.we repair or ground down returned pallets into fiber-based products such as animal bedding or mulch. our excess corrugated and hardware is repurposed for additional projects. we believe in zero or minimal waste for all materials.visit www.naturespackaging.org for more information. 









































meet our team 























 




john a. fredericks 



president, ceo, cfo 










 




sam hosier 



general manager & sales 










 




kim fredericks 



sales & marketing 










 




sarah goodrick 



accounting 














































contact us 
























markleville pallets, skids & more136 w. main st.markleville, in 46056(765) 533-4311hoursmonday – friday, 8 a.m. – 4 p.m.receiving hoursmonday – friday, 5 a.m. – 3 p.m. 










please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *subject *comment or message *submit 
















































stay social! follow us on 






facebook





linkedin














markleville pallets, skids & more  




136 w. main street markleville, in 46056(765) 533-4311​ 










for general contracting, please visit 





 


























copyright © 2021 markleville pallets, skids & more. all rights reserved. 












scroll up

































