



ask dr. amy - am i pregnant?

















home
messages
faqs
articles
links
store












 





web



www.askdramy.com





















welcome to our website - home of the am i pregnant quiz
wondering "am i pregnant?" have questions about pregnancy? trying to get pregnant? check out our resources!






message boards


woman to woman
archived questions




faqs

pregnancy
miscarriages
birth control
hpv and dysplasia



articles


pregnancy & birth stories
dr. amy's book




tools


am i pregnant quiz
is this the month?
due date calculator
fertility map
pregnancy calendar
dr. amy's pregnancy store




premium services


ask dr. amy




contact us


submit a story
contact form












quiz
take the am i pregnant quiz.



most fertile days
when is the best chance of getting pregnant? 



calculatorhow far along in pregnancy are you? when are you due?



ovulation animationswhy don't you get pregnant the first time you try?



pregnancy & birth storiesread about other women's experiences.




share your stories!
we want your stories.

how did you find out you were pregnant? did you have symptoms or did you just "know"?
how did you tell him? did you plan a special surprise or did you just blurt it out?
birth stories. tell us how your baby was born. was it just like you expected or like nothing you'd imagined?



we have been inundated with stories, so there's a new way to review and post them faster. you can read and post stories on our new birth stories forum. if you have submitted a story in the past, but it has not yet been posted, please resubmit it on the birth stories page.


disclaimer: dr. amy does not and cannot provide medical advice. only someone who has examined you and reviewed your medical records can provide advice. dr. amy offers explanations and information.
dr. amy tuteur is an obstetrician-gynecologist. she received her undergraduate degree from harvard college and her medical degree from boston university school of medicine. dr. tuteur is a former clinical instructor at harvard medical school. her book, how your baby is born, an illustrated guide to pregnancy, labor and delivery, was published by ziff-davis press in 1994.



new!
am i ovulating quiz
trouble getting pregnant? wondering whether you are ovulating every month? take the am i ovulating quiz.

frequently asked questions
am i pregnant?
what are the symptoms of pregnancy?
when can i check a pregnancy test?
how long does it take to get pregnant?
when am i most fertile?
what does it mean if my home pregnancy test is positive?
what does it mean if my home pregnancy test is negative?
how far along am i in my pregnancy?





















home
message board
faqs
articles
links
store


copyright â© 2007 amy b. tuteur, md. all rights reserved.














