



welcome to stargazer online: the home page of richard bell























last updated 01.16.2020 


 
 



beginner's corner





reading a starmap




my travels





black forest
illinois star party
starfest 2006

texas star party
transit of venus
winter star party

yerkes observatory




observing





double star log

messier marathon





photogenic universe





deep sky
solar system





seasonal stargazing





spring
summer
autumn
winter





links





astroweb
personal pages







 





hello!
as you may have already guessed my name is richard s. bell and this is
my very own home page. let me see, i suppose i should tell you a little
bit about myself. i was born, raised and currently live in kalamazoo,
michigan. i am a graduate of western michigan university with a degree
in physics and mathematics. physics is all right, but my true passion
in life is astronomy. anyone who knows me knows i think and sleep
astronomy.


my love of astronomy can be traced back to my youth. in those days i
didn't know of any one that could teach me about the planets or the
night sky, so i decided to teach myself. my main source of guidance was
a 1983 edition of peterson's field
guide to the stars and planets, which i still use to this day.
the galilean moons of jupiter, rings of saturn, and even halley's comet
were rediscovered through my first telescope; a jason 60 mm refractor.





some of my other interests are hiking, biking, reading, writing,
martial arts, playing pool, and surfing the internet. 

in 1994, i joined the kalamazoo astronomical society, one of the oldest
and largest clubs in michigan.  after a year as a regular member i
was elected to six consecutive terms as the newsletter editor and
another six terms as president. aside from publishing the monthly
newsletter, i created and
maintain the kas website.

the purpose of this page is to share my interests with you, especially
astronomy. carl sagan once said when you love something so much you
have to share it with someone. i hope your visit to my "rest stop on
the information superhighway" is an enjoyable and educational
experience.


about
the header
image:  kitt
peak national observatory is located 56 miles southwest of tucson,
arizona on the tohono o'odham nation reservation.  the largest
observatory visible in the image above contains the mayall 4 meter
telescope, which is the largest instrument on the mountain.  i
took this picture on monday, may 21, 2001.






 










-|
copyright © 1997 - 2021 | what's new?



