








bro-tex | customized wiping solutions wipers and rags













































































 


 









skip to content








call us today! 1-800-328-2282 

customer portalquote requestcontact usbecome a distributor 















  


search for:








about usnew productsproduct categories auto/collision repaircar wash productscheeseclothcloth ragscotton towelsdrcdry non-woven wipesfood service towelsgym wipesmicrofiberproknitscrimsorbentsspecialty productsspill kitsspunlacetowel and tissuewet wipesall product categoriescustom convertingcall us: 1-800-328-2282


















search for:




















loading...







epa list nkills sars-cov-2 (covid-19 virus) on hard, non-porous surfaces in just 30 seconds! 












orange peels for hands, tools, and more 












non-woven wipe converter 















homedpjhcpxn-ca

bro-tex wipes and absorbents

 
since 1923, bro-tex® has manufactured and converted cloth and paper wiping products. we are proud to be celebrating over 100 years! bro-tex offers a wide selection of disposable and reusable wiping solutions including nonwoven dry wipers, specialty wipers for lab equipment, microfiber and microspun towels, cotton towels, wet wipes, mops, and absorbents for your business.

view current catalog


 
			auto/collision repair (19) 




 
			car wash products (22) 




 
			cheesecloth (4) 




 
			cloth rags (25) 




 
			cotton towels (8) 




 
			drc (35) 




 
			dry non-woven wipes (103) 




 
			food service towels (3) 




 
			microfiber (25) 




 
			proknit (31) 




 
			scrim (16) 




 
			sorbents (21) 




 
			specialty products (22) 




 
			spill kits (4) 




 
			spunlace (18) 




 
			towel and tissue (10) 




 
			wet wipes (20) 






training videos

industries served

your brand, your way

our two divisions

green practices

catalogmore information
training videos
industries served
your brand, your way
our two divisions
green practices
catalog




 
 



















 

headquarters 800 hampden ave. 
st. paul, mn 55114
1-800-328-2282
 

wisconsin division 4930 s. 2nd st. suite 200
milwaukee, wi 53207
1-800-548-2338

 

blog
resources
legal
terms of use
privacy policy
 

 
 
 





		© copyright  bro-tex is a registered trademark of bro-tex co., inc.   |   website by skol marketing   |   all rights reserved	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 
























 


go to top





