



conversations.org: inspiring social artists


















a project of servicespace




home
about us
subscribe
magazine
get involved 









artists
art of living
art & the environment
social change
life & work
latest issue
















tracy cochran - coming home to yourself and opening to life
founder of the hudson river sangha, writer and an adventurer in life, tracy cochran has many remarkable, true stories and the gift of bringing them to life. these first appeared in parabola magazine where she is editorial director, and have been collected in presence, newly published by shambhala and graced with magic and wisdom. don't pass it up... 
read more »



seen and unseen - a conversation with bebe barrett
it was thanks to the pandemic that i started a practice of walking in neighborhoods i'd never walked in before. the discoveries have been a revelation. meeting 87-year-old bebe barrett, born 3 miles from the great pyramids, is a favorite example. seeing her house was enough to want to learn more.
read more »



a conversation with dennis ludlow - 
"the first play sam shepard cast me in was 'buried child' and those rehearsals were the first time i’d ever been in a situation working with other actors." dennis ludlow shares more about his unique journey into theater in this intimate interview.  
read more »



a conversation with fred curchack - a life in theater
curchack's remarkable journey began early and it's still going. as he shares, "in fifth grade, i played a tree in a thanksgiving pageant. they wrapped me in some brown crepe paper. it was an inglorious role. i felt i could do better than that." yes, he has a sense of humor. and much, much more...
read more »



on philosophy - charles bigger
“our contemporary tradition has made the ego so central. it solidifies itself with the whole idea that knowledge is power, which means our relation to the world is technological. that’s just the opposite of an earlier vision. knowledge was what allowed one to participate in the life of god." for those with a taste for philosophy, this wide ranging conversation will be a rare treat..
read more »



the soul of medicine - a conversation with dr. rachel naomi remen 
"the highest human function is shrouded in mystery. i think the development of the human race was not about the ability to think and reason. i think it was the ability to perceive spiritual reality and to align oneself with it in some way. science is very seductive. it offers us the dream of mastery. but we’ve traded mystery for mastery, and we’ve gotten a very bad deal from this."
read more »



a conversation with derek weisberg - momentary eternal
an artist is somebody who’s trying to answer questions about what it means to be a living being, aware of our own finite nature, and how we wrestle with that. 
read more »




1
2
3
4
5
6
7






 
 
 
 

 
 
a collection of in-depth interviews with artists from all walks of life.







featured interviews
 



meeting gojira - a conversation with craig nagasawa  
before painter and ucberkeley professor, craig nagasawa, became an artist, he was racing on the professional ski circuit. here he shares his reflections about his japanese roots and the meaning of the recent appearance of gojira (godzilla) in several of his remarkable paintings. an impeccable art
read full story

 
 



zoo cain is my real name
at 69 i'm eventually going to run out of time, so i'm lobbying to work on rainbows when i get to the other side. i'm definitely creating with the spirit world all around me. 
read full story

 
 



on hopelessness and hope – a conversation with michael penn
around the age of 22, a near death experience transformed michael penn into a seeker. he began a study of sacred texts and the founders of the world’s religions. today, he's a clinical psychologist and professor of psychology at franklin & marshall college. it's a story through uncharted
read full story

 
 



index - interviews and other features
of the over 750 features on the website, at least a third are interviews, the kind it's hard to find in other places - real, in-depth conversations. we think of all the material we publish as food. and we strive to provide good food - heartening food, food for hope, for thought and for the spirit.
read full story

 
 





subscribe now
to our monthly newsletter




 

 
click here
 

follow us





 


readthelatest


art of engagement
monday, sep 12, 2011
why are the arts so often considered frills when it comes to what is needed in schools, in politics, in so many parts of life? the capacity for creative response is needed in all walks of life. in this issue we explore art as a tool for social engagement.
                        read more

sharing the wealth
friday, june 27, 2011
it's been my good fortune to have more than my share of remarkable friends, and several of them appear in this issue of the newsletter. one of the joys of having a venue like this newsletter is that its a vehicle for expanding my own circle.
                        read more

+recent newsletters
 
 

 

linkswelike

parabola magazine
common weal
greater good science center
ucdavis art and science fusion
kalliopeia

casa de paz
inquiring systems
whale and star press

analog sea

 


 





about us
conversations.org is a collection of in-depth inteviews with artists from all walks of life. it's a project of servicespace, a fully volunteer-run effort that aims to empower gift-economy efforts. carrying no advertising, making the entire interviews available on-line without charge, ours is a humble effort to "be the change we wish to see in the world."
 

quick links

about us
contact us
get involved

 

servicespace projects

dailygood
awakin
karmakitchen
kindspring
laddership
moved by love
karmatube
propoor
cf sites



 

copyleft 2020 works & conversations

 









