


































drath's journal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































drath
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














drath







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






drath's journal
recent entries



recent entries
friends
history
info







you are viewing the most recent 9 entries.

10th january 2010



8:00pm:  the bunny says:
this journal is friends-only.



14th april 2009



2:20pm:  why editors should not try to "clarify" technical details
found in the "classical guitar" newsgroup of all places!"in over 40 years of working on various government and  defense contracts, this is the only long article about a high tech  project i am intimately familiar with that does not contain  significant errors of fact or interpretation."" my favorite was an  article on global warming, which quoted some expert as saying that the  average global temperature might soon increase by as much as 2  degrees celsius."some helpful editor added this  parenthetical remark: '(35.6 degrees fahrenheit.)' "hilarious.

current mood:  snarky


4 comments - comment on this


16th september 2008



2:41pm:  two humorous clips in a test post
humorous clips... hey foomf, check these out.kitty technician:  kitty technicianpachebel in six cameras:  pachebel in six cameras(also an attempt to format this post properly on the first try.)

current mood:  amused


1 comment - comment on this


2nd september 2008



5:26pm:  update -- dental worse than just a cavity
well, well.turns out the cavity itself was not the cause of the pain.  there was severe nerve trauma and an infection that needed to be treated with a root canal.the lidocaine is wearing off and some residual soreness is asserting itself.this is also going to take several visits, because i needed to be referred to a specialist.  it appears there is at least one very narrow canal that requires someone who only does these things just to safeguard the surrounding structures.  this was a very sensible precaution but it does mean this couldn't be all done today.yowch.  and it turns out brushing and flossing were not even responsible for this, so there was no good way to prevent it.  it was just bound to happen given the situation.

3 comments - comment on this


30th august 2008



3:43pm:  start flossing, dammit!!
" i can't get into flossing, i can't. people who smoke say you don't know how hard it is to stop smoking. yes i do. it's as hard as it is to start flossing.  'you seem jittery.' 'yeah, i'm about to floss.' " -- mitch hedberghalf a decade ago, i got a root canal.  it seems that for several years, a cavity had been developing between two back teeth.  i didn't notice it because i assumed the pain was from gum irritation.well, stupid me, i believed after the one tooth was patched and the one that couldn't be saved was replaced with a cap, that this was the end of it.  i would pay extra attention to brushing what was left, and everything would be fine for good.wrong.between teeth, is exactly where cavities are most likely to re-appear behind the fillings.  this time around seems much worse, with shooting pains being transmitted to nearby nerves... in hindsight, i recognize that an earache a couple weeks ago was actually my first symptom of the cavity.  i'll be getting it fixed in a week, but until then i'm on a high dose of ibuprofren and a normal dose of depakote... seems when i take them at the same time, the anticonvulsant properties of the one seem to boost the anti-inflammatory qualities of the other.and extra brushing sessions temporarily numb things somewhat.  keeping sinuses clear and maintaining good posture takes away some extra pressure.i'm never gonna run out of flosspicks again.

current mood:  eyowwch!


 comment on this


15th december 2005



9:45am:  quotable quote of the day...
about peter jackson's "king kong" (and by all means, those of you out there who haven't taken an interest in this... /both/ of you... you gotta see this on the big screen, don't wait for the dvd), i offer this quotable quote:"...detail-oriented jackson could probably turn "goodnight moon" into a three-hour epic."

current mood:  silly


3 comments - comment on this


7th october 2005



11:06am:  (humor)  rush lyrics for dummies:  an easy to understand reference.
rush: a reference for the rest of us!this was originally posted serially by one of the more celebrated regs on the alt.music.rush usenet discussion group.  the entire collected works can be found here.  it gets better as it goes on.entries deserving special attention:- roll the bones- any lyrics not written by neil peart.

current mood:  amused


 comment on this


28th september 2005



3:24pm:  crisis != danger + opportunity!!
foomf, you might be interested in this one.  then again, you might not.  say lah vee.http://www.pinyin.info/chinese/crisis.htmlvictor h. mairkey quotes:there is a widespread public misperception, particularly among the new age sector, that the chinese word for "crisis" is composed of elements that signify "danger" and "opportunity." i didn't have the heart to disappoint my gullible neighbor who was blissfully imbibing what he assumed were the gems of far eastern sagacity enshrined within the pages of his workbook. now, however, the damage from this kind of pseudo-profundity has reached such gross proportions that i feel obliged, as a responsible sinologist, to take counteraction.a whole industry of pundits and therapists has grown up around this one grossly inaccurate formulation. a casual search of the web turns up more than a million references to this spurious proverb. it appears, often complete with chinese characters, on the covers of books, on advertisements for seminars, on expensive courses for "thinking outside of the box," and practically everywhere one turns in the world of quick-buck business, pop psychology, and orientalist hocus-pocus.the jī of wēijī, in fact, means something like "incipient moment; crucial point (when something begins or changes)." thus, a wēijī is indeed a genuine crisis, a dangerous moment, a time when things start to go awry. a wēijī indicates a perilous situation when one should be especially wary. it is not a juncture when one goes looking for advantages and benefits. in a crisis, one wants above all to save one's skin and neck! any would be guru who advocates opportunism in the face of crisis should be run out of town on a rail, for his / her advice will only compound the danger of the crisis.

1 comment - comment on this


1st september 2005



12:43am:  now re-introducing...
well, i goofed.  tried to update this one and bring it to the front, and ended up losing the original.
so, lets try this again.  new and improved, with the large pic on the page.
may i have the good fortune to re-introduce:
viciouspancakecat!



this is the new alter-ego of pancakebunny. look at those eyes!!
a little photoshop work, and some paintbrush airbrushing on the background, was all it took to transform this originally innocent kitty (yeah, right!) into the dark figure shown here.  this looks even more striking when viewed directly from my journal with its black background.
pancake bunny will need to be vewwy vewwy careful!

 comment on this


powered by livejournal.com


































