

































































the sentinel | breaking news | | read carlisle and cumberland county breaking news. get latest news, events and information on sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















15°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



business



crime



nation & world



politics



state



education



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




sports


high school



college



penn state



professional



outdoors



betting



casino



opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




lifestyles


arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



local scene



events calendar



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



sponsored content


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs








15°
sunny
























        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            mechanicsburg's katie mckenney 'capturing the beautiful moments' through photography, swimming mingling

already used to the flash of the starting signal, mechanicsburg's katie mckenney has created her own with her camera on the pool deck, capturing the sport's "beautiful moments."

















        
        
            community cares bundles up for coldest night of the year walks in carlisle, shippensburg

carlisle's walk will begin and end at 208 w. louther st., while shippensburg's walk will begin and end at 303 s. washington st. 

















        
        
            cumberland county commissioners lend support behind effort to secure state funding for frog switch site

cumberland county commissioners support an effort by the real estate collaborative to secure state funding for frog switch site cleanup. 

















        
        
            carlisle schedules public hearing for proposed zoning change to residential plot

the amendment could change the parcel, a roughly 4.5 acre plot at cherry street and lincoln street, from r3-high density to urban mixed use.

















        
        
            mechanicsburg girls basketball checks off first challenge in district 3 6a maiden voyage

a 9-2 swing to open the fourth quarter shifted the tide and led mechanicsburg to fairly smooth sailing in a 44-37 district 3 first-round victory over reading. 

















        
        
            cumberland county follows through on plan to relocate mdj beckley's office

cumberland county commissioners passed motions last week to renovate and lease space in lemoyne to relocate the office of magisterial district judge beckley. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            cumberland county follows through on plan to relocate mdj beckley's office


















        
        
            mid-penn releases brackets for 2025 boys and girls conference basketball championships


















        
        
            district 3 team wrestling: northern advances to second day in class 3a, west perry bows out















                
                the latest



















        
        
            cumberland county neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published in the sentinel 





















        
        
            february 17 recap: cumberland county news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from the sentinel. 





















        
        
            cumberland county neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in the sentinel 





















        
        
            cumberland county neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in the sentinel 





















                
                latest video



















        
        
            see carlisle area's most expensive homes for sale



















        
        
            view carlisle area upcoming events



















        
        
            see latest carlisle area pets up for adoption




















        
        
            mechanicsburg's maycee yanoski converts 3-pointer vs. reading












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            district 3 girls basketball: northern pulls away from milton hershey, cedar cliff clipped in 1st round

northern advanced to the district 3 class 5a girls basketball quarterfinals and earned a state-tournament berth while cedar cliff suffered a first-round loss at dallastown in the 6a bracket.




















        
        
            local sports: cumberland county schedule and scores feb. 17-22

keep up with this week's results from the cumberland county sports scene.




















        
        
            lebanon answers early cumberland valley momentum, pulls away in district girls basketball opener

behind three players in double figures, including lili harrison, who led all scorers with 19 points, the cedars charged to a 60-44 victory over cumberland valley in monday's district opener.




















        
        
            district 3 boys basketball: previewing 5 tuesday openers for sentinel-area squads

carlisle, cumberland valley and mechanicsburg play in class 6a openers tuesday, while east pennsboro and northern participate in the 5a field. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            the art of sports memorabilia: a collector’s guide

contributor content. if you are a sports fan who loves to collect sports memorabilia, here are some vital tips you can follow to help you collect memorabilia correctly and stand a higher chance of winning big in the future.




















        
        
            14 best colostrum supplements

affiliate content. discover the 14 best colostrum supplements, offering exceptional options to support immunity, gut health, and overall well-being.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            debbi myers



                                        400 wertz run road, carlisle, pa 17015
                                    






























        
        
            mechanicsburg chamber



                                        6 w. strawberry alley, mechanicsburg, pa 17055
                                    






 website






























        
        
            ibew local 143



                                        1501 revere st, harrisburg, pa 17104
                                    

































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


amplified midstate

homeseller

pa wheels for you

penn state

the sentinel special sections

varsity sports

get healthy




services


about us

activate full access

advertise with us

become a carrier

contact us

customer service

career opportunities

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the sentinel, 327 b street carlisle, pa 17013
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































