




grill 225 - home

































































 
reservations: 843-723-0500










home
our home page




accommodations
browse guestrooms




grill 225
premier prime steakhouse


dining reservations
dinner menu
dessert menu
wine list
nitrotini



private dining and events
request information



pavilion bar
infinite celebrations




events and meetings
plan the very best






contact
get in touch



































































reserve a table

"experience the difference in 42-50 day aged  prime steaks."
welcome to grill 225, charleston's first and only 100% usda prime steak house. located at the luxurious market pavilion hotel in the heart of historic charleston, we offer a dining experience like no other.













premier prime steakhouse
as charleston's premier steakhouse, our menu is one of the few in the country that features 100% usda prime beef. all of our beef selections, including the filet mignon, are hand-selected and wet-aged 42 -50 days to ensure tender texture and unsurpassed flavor.
private event







fresh seafood
at grill 225 we place a great deal of emphasis on seafood harvested from both local and international waters. using only premium ingredients such as local sustainable seafood as well as exclusive premium domestic and international offerings.
		
    






nitrotini
nitrotini is charleston's only cocktail infused with liquid nitrogen. dramatic, sexy and delicious, the nitrotini is possibly the coldest and most refreshing cocktail you have ever tasted. our expert staff is specially trained in the art, science and safety of the nitrotini.experience nitrotini





 
















hotel reservations
grill 225 reservations
information request
events














© copyright 2025 market pavilion hotel - all rights reserved.

design by palas software systems





accommodations
grill 225
pavilion bar
events
gifts
contactpolicies
careers





top
























