






home | american begonia society
































































 













 



















about

branches
bylaws
abs national awards
contact


membership

join
seed fund
log in


species conservation

conservation status
abs efforts
growing species
unidentified species


cultivar preservation

hybrids & cultivars
life of a cultivar
cultivar preservation committee
finding lost cultivars
begonia registration history
abs registered cultivar list
register a new cultivar


resources

about begonias
species spotlights
cultivar spotlights
growing begonias
propagation
types of begonias
glossary
hall of fame
lists & links
the begonian


shop
donate
 





select page


  
 



 



 










the american begonia society
the american begonia society is a horticultural society devoted to the promotion, cultivation, and study of begonias (plant family begoniaceae). begoniaceae is one of the largest flowering plant families with over 2050 different species and thousands of cultivars. mature begonia plant sizes range from a mere few inches high to over 12 feet high. the range of begonia flowers, foliage colors, and sizes is incredibly diverse and spectacular.

learn more

join















the american begonia society
the american begonia society is a horticultural society devoted to the promotion, cultivation, and study of begonias (plant family begoniaceae). begoniaceae is one of the largest flowering plant families with over 2050 different species and thousands of cultivars. mature begonia plant sizes range from a mere few inches high to over 12 feet high. the range of begonia flowers, foliage colors, and sizes is incredibly diverse and spectacular.

learn more

join













supporting young begonia explorers in indonesia & philippines

the tropical rainforest of southeast asia remains to be one of the less-explored areas for...














begonia basics: lessons from a begonia boss

the american begonia society has a long history of providing valuable educational programs to its...














2025 abs student convention grants

xing-chen li (jasmine lee) next to begonia grandis dryland, is a master's degree candidate at the...














the begonian jan-feb 2025

happy new year to all. the new year’s resolution here at the begonian is to encourage as many...














helping to build a stronger branch

support for branches of the american begonia society branches are instrumental for keeping the...


















strigose: what does this mean?strigose means having harsh, stiff, straight short hairs that are almost bristle-like. begonia strigillosa captures these qualities with its stiff slender bristles that rim its leaves. b. strigillosa is a species native to mexico and central america, and is easy to grow.









growing tipspeed up rooting for begonia cuttings in water by adding a few stems of willow. willows naturally produce salicylic acid and indolebutyric acid (iba), both common rooting hormones. even if willow stems are put in the vase upside down, they will still root.









cleaning begonia seedhow to separate the good seed from the bad? as with most seed, a sieve is how farmers have been separating seed and chaff for centuries. the key is getting the right size sieve, since begonia seed is so very tiny. many use the us standard test sieve #45 has very fine mesh that allows you to separate the good from the bad. these sieves are available online from a variety of sources. learn more about seed here!









some begonias are very smallthis is a tiny begonia with tiny leaves, but when looking at a mature plant, it brings to mind a grove of tiny trees. begonia minutifolia grows on the monts de cristal, in gabon, on wooded slopes in dense, humid forests between 500 and 700 meters elevation.









some begonias are very tallsome begonias are tall, such as b. giganticaulis, discovered in 2020 by dr daike tian and colleagues while on expedition in tibet, china. one measured over 11 feet tall and its largest diameter at almost five inches. it grows on slopes under forests along streams at an elevation of 450-1400 m. due to a sparse distribution, its conservation status is endangered according to iucn red list criteria.















growing your begonias








what begonia is this?








begonias around the world





 







american begonia society 2533 warrego way
sacramento, ca 95826-2433

about abs the american begonia society is a horticultural society devoted to the promotion, cultivation, and study of begonias.

abs membership by joining abs, you support the abs as a resource for culture and appreciation of begonias. join today!

linksmember login
about us
glossary
privacy policy
terms of service
 






facebook




x




instagram


designed by the egghead ©2007-2025 american begonia society. all rights reserved.
 















×



donation
$25 $50 $100 custom amount
 $



add donation





 


















































