







original predator pee predator urine since 1986
















maine outdoor solutions - unique and useful products from maine     
free shipping on all orders - usa & canada!quick & easy checkout - no registration required!
coyote urine   wolf urine   bobcat urine   fox urine   mt.lion urine   bear urine   raccoon urine yardcover shakin'flakes - granular predatorpee® pick your pee   pick your pest 

pick your predator urine
skunkum skunk essence
foggy mountain
maine crusher hats
hawkstopper
chicken protection
coyote deterrent
wild hog deterrent
stop wire chewing
snake guard
stop mice invasion
porcupinestopper
feederscentry
bug stoppers
about us
dispensers & applicators







keep coyotes away!


stop people from loitering? - encourage social-distancing?


protect chickens from hawks!


keep deer out!


protect your chickens


get rid of rats!


keep cats out!


stop mice invasion


get rid of stinky skunks!


protect bird feeders


rv & vehicle storage protection


indoor use?


large area to protect?


scent tags and dispenser vials


free world-wide shipping page


application instructions


how do we collect pee?


dog training


ask the peeman


customer reviews


predatorpee.com homepage


get rid of mice!
stop digging skunks








30 day money back guarantee!
contact us by email:free shipping always! - 30 day money back guarantee 





 the original predatorpee® since 1986
wolf urine   coyote urine   fox urine   mt. lion urine 
bobcat urine    bear urine    raccoon urine
repel, deter, scare & stop animal pests the all-natural way with real predator urine!
      free shipping always to usa & canada!
in the wild, the predator marks its territory with urine and stalks its prey. animals like deer, mice, rats, skunk, squirrels and even suburban coyotes react to the scent of predator pee by seeking to avoid those predators at all costs.  in this life and death game of hide and seek, the scent of predator urine triggers a powerful genetic fear reaction that says a predator is nearby.  predatorpee® natural predator urine puts that genetic response to work for you and keeps unwanted pest animals like coyotes, raccoons, deer, skunks, cats, porcupines etc. away from your home and out of your yard. it is nature's own natural animal repellent!
check out the complete line of predatorpee® pest deterrent products                
use liquid predatorpee® to create a "pee-rimeter" around plants, trees, shrubs, flowers etc that you would like to protect from deer, rabbits, wild pigs, squirrels etc. use predatorpee®-shots to keep rodents and animals from entering, chewing or damaging your rv or other stored vehicle and to get rid of mice and rats from your home, basement, attic or garage. use predatorpee® yardcover granules to stop burrowing and digging critters in gardens, lawns and container gardens. we have predatorpee® animal repellent products for big and small outside areas plus predatorpee®hawkstopper for hawks, predatorpee®coy coyote decoys for geese and birds - plus predatorpee®snakeguard for snakes !
predatorpee® yardcover shakin'flakes want to wander around the predatorpee® world? follow the links below:
  
you've got questions? - we've got answers!         
beyond the pee - we've got more unique & useful products from maine!        
predatorpee® brand products from: maine outdoor solutions2010 hammond st., hermon, maine 04401 207-478-6426
  


pick your pest:  (listed alphabetically)


armadillos


bats


bears


beavers


bobcats


bugs 


cats, feral cats


coyotes


deer


dogs


foxes


geese, birds, turkeys, ducks


ground hogs, gophers, woodchucks, marmots


hawks


mice


moose, elk, mule deer


moles, voles


porcupines


rabbits, hare


raccoons, possum


rats, roof rats, norway rats


skunks


snakes


squirrels, chipmunks


wild boar, javelina, feral pigs, hogs


weasels

gift certificates










 beyond the pee - we've got more unique & useful products from maine!
connect with us on social media
           
 crusher hats       bearguard     butterfly lure       slipleash    foggy mountain        
for customer service, email us or call 12-4pm eastern time:info@maineoutdoorsolutions.com  - 207-478-6426



powered by


shopsite®


shopping cart software



 
 

gift certificates
your account












×your shopping cart -   click on coupon code below the order total to enter your code 

total:   continue shoppingview cart


