




salmon and trout fishing in scotland - speycasting and fly fishing lessons
























  

home page  
guided salmon fishing trips  
salmon fishingthe north esk  
corporate salmonfishing events
  
guided trout fishing trips
  
speycastinglessons  
fly fishinglessons  
scottish salmonfishing beats  
scotland salmon fishing seasons  
guided pikefishing trips  
fishing gift vouchers  
email enquiries  





additional info  
salmon fishingin scotland  
fishing in scotland  
fishing links









guided salmon fishing ~ fishing holidays in scotland  
create your ideal fishing trip in scotland.
enjoy a memorable holiday fishing for salmon, trout or pike.spey casting tuition and fly fishing lessons for all, from beginners to advanced levels.  
we have a select team of highly experienced salmon fishing guides and speycasting instructors and provide a range of 1 day guided salmon fishing trips to 3 and 6 day guided salmon and trout fishing holidays, speycasting and fly fishing courses. whilst fishing you will be surrounded by some of the most beautiful scenery and wildlife in scotland and yet only an hour or so drive from edinburgh.


  


fishing in scotland has been providing guided salmon fishing trips and trout fishing holidays, for over 15 years in scotland. our salmon fishing guides and spey casting instructors have extensive knowledge of all the rivers and lochs that we fish and are renowned for their professional guiding abilities, good humour and banter. we always put every effort into ensuring you get the very best out of your days salmon or trout fishing, which is why clients come back to us year after to year to fish in scotland. we also provide a range of business and corporate salmon fishing days, sea trout and pike fishing trips and gift vouchers.    all of our salmon fishing trips include a professional guide and casting instructor exclusive to your party who will look after you for the day, show you the salmon pools and how to fish them and help net and land any salmon caught. we will also provide casting lessons if required and all of the fishing tackle you will need including well balanced rods, reels and lines, safety vest and waders. 
  for further information and prices please email :  enquiries  salmon fishing permits vary in price quite considerably depending on the time of year and the standard of beat. prices increase on an almost weekly basis from the end of june until the end of the season. it will help us to give you an accurate price and available options if you can let us know any preferred dates or at least the month you would like to fish when enquiring for july to october.



    

guided salmon fishing trips on the river tay in perthshire, scotland.
  

  our salmon fishing trips predominantly take place on the most productive beats of the river tay in perthshire which is world famous for being one of the finest salmon fishing rivers in scotland. the tay has the largest volume of water of any river in the uk and because of its size is less dependant on good water levels to fish well. with over fifty individual salmon fishing beats the tay provides a variety of excellent salmon fishing opportunities including fly fishing, spin fishing and trolling from a boat. all of the beats that we fish are surrounded by beautiful scenery and have the facilities you would expect on top quality salmon fishing venue. if you joined us for 2 or more days we can take you to a different beat each day to give you a more varied salmon fishing experience and the best opportunity of catching some salmon.




    


corporate fishing events and salmon fishing days in scotland  
  our team of professional fishing guides are well versed in taking care of corporate clients and we have access to some of the finest salmon beats in scotland. we can provide expert spey casting tuition for all or any members in your party who have not fly fished or been salmon fishing before. you can choose the level of catering from a simple packed lunch to a gourmet cuisine banquet with all of the trimmings, served at the riverside by professional field sports caterers. our corporate fishing trips are for three to thirty or more anglers and include all of the tackle required including quality rods, reels, lines, waders, safety vests and of course permits. we can also arrange airport transfers from edinburgh, glasgow or aberdeen or transport from your place of work or a hotel.



    

spey casting lessons and salmon fishing tuition  

  
learn the art of spey casting on a premiere salmon fishing river surrounded by some of the most spectacular scenery in scotland. your spey casting lessons would be on a quality, mid or high end salmon fishing beat with an excellent catch record and would include all of the facilities you would expect on a quality salmon fishing beat. we would teach you the traditional single spey & double spey casts along with where to look for salmon on a beat, how successfully hook a fish on the fly, play your fish and land it. this will stand you in good stead to fish any major salmon fishing river in the world. discounted packages are available for groups of two or more people fishing the same day.


    


fly fishing lessons and fly casting courses, river and loch fishing.
  
  learn how to fly fish for wild brown trout on the river and rainbow trout on a stillwater loch. we will teach what rod you need to use, which lines go with which rods, when to use a floating, intermediate or a sinking line, how to tie up a cast of flies and which fly to use at what time of year. we will teach you all about water craft, where the fish are likely to be lying and how to present a fly, how to hook, play and successfully land your fish and equally important how to fish safely and avoid any accidents.



    


guided pike fishing trips in scotland with professional guides  
  scotland is a haven for monster preditor pike and is one of the best locations in europe to visit for a pike fishing holiday. our pike trips take place on some of the most prolific pike fishing lochs in scotland including loch venachar, loch achry and loch katrine where we catch double figure pike on a regular basis. our professional guides have a wealth of experience which has been built up over many years of specimen pike fishing in scotland and they know the best hot spots most likely to produce exhilarating action at any time of the year. fly fishing pike trips are also available, all fishing tackle included.



    

fishing gift vouchers for salmon, trout and pike fishing trips.  

  
gift vouchers are available for any of our salmon or trout fishing trips, pike fishing breaks or for our fly fishing and spey casting lessons. our gift vouchers measure 21cm x 15cm and are printed in full colour on quality card, with a scenic picture the river tay in perthshire. they make an excellent souvenir to remember a very special day. we post our gift vouchers to you or the recipient by first class post at the time of booking. give someone a gift that they will remember for years to come.


  


      
    







 





 © 2004 fishing-uk-scotland.com          
email us
          privacy
          terms & conditions
          sitemap







