


personalized gifts - america's favorite free personalized gift catalogs - mail order shoppe personalized gifts collection






















the mail order shoppe features personalized gifts, engraved gifts, custom gifts, monogrammed gifts, personalized presents, wedding, anniversary, graduation, retirement, unique gifts, unique gift ideas




 
 













  home




































baby gifts
barware
candles
career specific
coffee mugs
crystal gifts
family & friends
for children
for the home
for the office
for pets
hobby & leisure
jewelry
military & patriotic
photo gifts
picture frames
religious
seasonal
special occasions
sports
travel accessories
weddings
more...


















































tweets by @mailordershoppe







































personalized gifts from the mail order shoppe























 sale prices good thru 



















what's hot!














 
mother's day gifts
it's time to reward mom for all the boo-boos she's kissed, taxi services she's provided, and money she's lent to you over the years! tell her how special she is with our unique personalized gifts selected from our collection of fine gifts. choose from pretty jewelry items, elegant photo frames, monogrammed coffee mugs, and much more. add her name or initials for a gift she'll always treasure! to see our mother's day gift selections, click here.


 


memorial day gifts
may 25

father's day
june 21

graduation
june-august

 
































today's featured personalized gift!






 



 










the worst gift ever!






 



 










the mail order shoppe






 





50 catalogs in one!
for the first time! all your favorite gift catalogs are all together - all in one place. we bring you only the best manufacturers of the most unique and innovative products guaranteed to please you and every member of your family. simply click any category at left to view our selections.
 

safe secure ordering

in order to protect your credit card information, we use the ssl protocol. if your browser supports secure socket layer (ssl) protocol, your credit card information will be protected whenever you submit a credit card number to us. click here for more information.





send a message in a bottle
send a special message with our corked, clear glass bottle, containing sand, shells, a miniature palm tree, a paper umbrella, and a personalized message that you compose.
 

payment choices
we've made ordering easy and convenient! we accept credit cards, which are processed through our secure server. you can also mail or fax your order to us. we also accept paypal and google checkout. the choice is always yours!





customer service
we offer award-winning customer service and an unconditional guarantee. by viewing our customer support section, you can easily access all of our policies, learn more about us, or even view our unsolicited testimonials.
 

processing times
because our personalized gifts are created individually, we require time to customize each item. we need 5 business days to create each in-house gift. after that, delivery time depends on the shipping method you choose. our full shipping policies are explained in our customer support pages.




 










this is cool!






 




b knoblach, our president, is featured in this month's revenue magazine!

 




 










the mail order shoppe reaches 10,000 followers on twitter!






 




from our humble beginnings as a trophy shop on long island in the '70s to the world-wide presence we are today, we are happy to have been a part of so many people's special events and occasions over the years. make sure you follow @mailordershoppe for all the latest specials and product line updates.
 




 








visit these featured areas ...


friends & family
for men for women for everyone
for the home
kitchen living room bed & bath more


for the office
travel pens & pencils more
for children
boys girls baby more


special occasion
shower birthday retirement religious
wedding/anniversary
bridesmaid groomsmen engagement


sports
baseball football soccer more
hobby & leisure
cards bingo chess all occasion


pets
dogs cats more
photo gifts
mugs & steins apparel room accents more


seasonal items
memorial day
father's day
graduation
summer fun
customer support
contact us
order status
shipping
more




























































thanks for visiting personallized gifts from the mail order shoppe, the best supplier of personalized gifts for everyone you know. personallized gifts from the mail order shoppe believes in keeping it personal. personallized gifts from the mail order shoppe specializes in personalized gifts for parents, sisters, grandparents, brothers, godparents, friends and even business associates. giving a personalized gift makes mother's day, valentine's day, father's day, christmas and all occasions extra special. personallized gifts from the mail order shoppe creates gifts for your children, aunts, uncles, grandchildren, teachers and coaches that are distinctively personalized for all gift occasions. we create original personalized valentine's day gifts, st patrick's day gifts, easter gifts, administrative assistant's day gifts, mother's day gifts, grandparent's day gifts, father's day gifts, sweetest day gifts, halloween gifts, wedding gifts, thanksgiving gifts and christmas gifts. personallized gifts from the mail order shoppe helps you make truly special gifts to commemorate all of life's special occasions: new baby gifts, memorial gifts, wedding, gifts, graduation gifts, confirmation gifts, communion gifts, and baptism gifts. make an extra special occasion by creating truly original mother's day gifts for the special women in you life. personalized gifts get the biggest smiles for father's day, birthdays, and more. by selecting personalized pet gifts, teacher gifts and wedding gifts, you are creating something different to give.





thanks ever so much!






 the mail order shoppe















