

traveling to costa rica? see the best travel guide for costa rica








skip to main navigation
skip to main content
skip to footer











|
homewhat to doactivitiesdestinationswhere to staygetting aroundfeatured hotelsvacation packagesjavi's blog
 
account login
costa rica newsletter - sign up
advertise with us
contact us
about us
search






the best costa rica travel guide

what to dowhat to do for all ages. from single adventurers to families with kids.

view details


activities
surf, swim, climb, ride, relax, and go again.

view details


destinations
where to you want to go? beautiful places await you in costa rica. pura vida!

view details

where to stay
from luxury accommodations to rustic settings, your room awaits in beautiful costa rica.

view details

vacation packages
hotels, adventure, beach, hike, relaxation, these vacation packages will make you swing from a tree.

view details

getting around
getting to and traveling around costa rica.

view details

featured hotels
costa rica showcases luxury hotels to budget-friendly accommodations.

view details

javi's bloggo visit costa rica's mascot is your guide.

 



we will guide you to the best of costa ricasitting between the caribbean sea and the pacific ocean, costa rica’s landscape is painted with towering volcanoes and mountains, lush rainforests, sparking coastal plains and amazing tropical beaches. the weather is indeed tropical and because of its diversity many micro climates are found throughout the country. but a vacation offers more than a lovely landscape and beautiful weather - this tropical country is steeped in rich history dating back to the 1500's and boasts a community-centric lifestyle that is rare in much of the world.in costa rica, you can wake up to the sound of howler monkeys or toucans chatting with one another, then spend the afternoon learning about the mysterious stone spheres that weigh up to 15 tons. nature enthusiasts, environmentalists, surfers, history buffs - no matter what your personality or hobby, a vacation to costa rica can provide something amazing to explore or uncover. rest assured costa rica is considered one of the safest countries in latin america, check out our safety tips while traveling in costa rica.it's no surprise costa rica is considered the "happiest place on earth."it's no surprise costa rica is considered the "happiest place on earth." once you land, you'll find it's easy to experience what costa ricans have been talking about since 1956: pura vida - a phrase that truly encapsulates the friendly vibe of costa rica, and is used by locals and means everything from "hello," to "this is the life!" if you're looking to fall into the "pura vida" lifestyle, check out some of the top activities and accolades:


map of costa rica
click on the map to select a region.click to enlarge the costa rica map

eco-savvyalthough this nation encapsulates a mere 51,100 square kilometers, costa rica's biodiversity could fill an entire continent. encompassing 12 distinct ecological zones, ticos are well aware of their natural treasures: it is on its way to becoming the first carbon neutral nation by 2021. costa rica is home to 5 percent of the world's biodiversity, and locals are serious about protecting this magnificent environment.nature lovers can explore over 100 national parks, reserves, refuges and protected lands - which makes up about 25 percent of the country's land. catch site of a scarlet macaw in corcovado national park, hang out with mantled howler monkeys at manuel antonio national park or get lost in the beauty of native magnolias in monteverde cloud forest reserve.wild thrill treksyou say you're more of a thrill seeker? costa rica is a nature lover's playground, and no matter what your mood, you'll find a great adventure to suit it. while here, you can fly through the canopy in selvatura park, hike to thunderous waterfalls or hot springs next to arenal volcano national park or go white water rafting down the thrilling pacuare river.not matter how far off the beaten path you choose to go, its hard to not be at the center of costa rica's premier ecological and geological features make sure there's never a dull moment.timeless intrigue and beautythe hotels in costa rica are set in some of the most beautiful places that are so remote being all inclusive is a necessity. if you prefer urban jungles to green ones, the rich history and modern cultural accolades are sure to please.visitors seeking metropolis-aimed vacations can enjoy san jose's colonial-era architecture juxtaposed with the city's urban street art  - the dichotomy creates a dynamic beauty that no other city can quite encapsulate. the sweet smells of costa rican bananas, fresh coffee beans and chocolate can be found at the central market, and if you'd like to pick up a souvenir, everything from artisan leather goods to handmade musical instruments can be found here.what are you waiting for? our travel guide can help you plan your vacation today!




top destinations

monteverde cloud forest


arenal volcano


tamarindo & playa grande


manuel antonio















            visit our new website, go visit san diego. if you have ever wanted to visit southern california, san diego is the perfect spot. it has amazing sunny weather along with tons of outdoor activities for all to enjoy. let us show you why san diego is loved by everyone who visits!
        




home
about us
member login
advertise with us
contact us
weather
photo gallery
map gallery
travel time
customer review guidelines
terms of use
privacy policy
company directory
costa rica cities
site map


what to do
top 10 costa rica
beaches
volcanoes
national parks
day trips
surfers guide
getting around
domestic airlines
tourist bus companies
car rental agencies
international airlines
activities
outdoor recreation
entertainment
cultural activities


where to stay
hotels
vacation rentals
eco hotels
all inclusive resorts
golf resorts
destinations
alajuela
heredia
san josé
cartago
limón
south puntarenas
north puntarenas
guanacaste


vacation packages
around beautiful costa rica
costa rica cloud forest & volcano tour
costa rica beach & national park tour
costa rica eco-adventure tour
eco escape: a sustainable vacation
follow javi the frog
go visit costa rica's mascot
facebook
twitter
pinterest
youtube
instagram

todd's costa rica newsletter



javi's blog
follow go visit costa rica's mascot
your guide to the best of costa rica


copyright © 2003 - 2025, www.govisitcostarica.com a subsidiary of delfina travel group inc. all rights reserved.















overwhelmed on where to go in costa rica?
i've got you! sign up to get my absolute favorite destinations not only to visit but to stay in costa rica.my name is todd & i am the founder of govistcostrica.com and i will inform you of everything you need to know about costa rica.

please enter your email address
please enter your valid email address
please click on the recaptcha to continue

enter your email


......



thank you for signing up for my absolute favorite destinations in costa rica series.check out a few of most popular pages:top 10 destinations in costa ricacosta rica weatherplease remember to add todd.sarouhan@govisitcostarica.com to your email whitelist or add me as an email contact to ensure you get all my emails, don't worry i will never spam you.




