














































































harlandale independent school district | home





skip to contentenroll at hisd!bond 2022search siteharlandale independent school districtdedicated to excellence in educationenroll at hisd!bond 2022search sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallery your browser does not support videos. end of galleryregistercalendarscareersanonymous alertsprogramsreverse slideradvance sliderstemstudents can earn college credit through our partnership with texas a&m san antonio. 
pathways to focus on include: robotics and mathematics, biotechnology and science, and computer programingstemstudents can earn college credit through our partnership with texas a&m san antonio. 
pathways to focus on include: robotics and mathematics, biotechnology and science, and computer programingathleticssports offered: cross country, basketball, volleyball, football, baseball, softball, soccer, tennis, track, golffine artsprograms offered: band, rotc, choir, dance, mariachi, rotc, spirit, theater arts, visual arts
elementary fine arts: strings, music, artctestudents may select from over 21 programs of study within 12 career clusters that prepare students for high-wage, high-skill, and  in-demand careers. courses are taught by teachers with 
actual industry experience. students provided opportunities to earn an industry-based certification in their cte program of study such as cosmetology, automotive, cyber security, and culinarydual languagebiliteracy development (reading and writing.) instruction in both languages beginning in kinder with 90% spanish and 10% english. instruction develops to 50% spanish,  50% english by 4th grade. students demonstrate positive cross-cultural attitudes 
hefsince its inception in 1999, hef has raised more than $1.6 million and served more than 2,000 students. hef is continuously working to raise additional funds for students. every harlandale isd graduate receives a scholarship to further their educationpre-kfull day pre-k for three and four year old students. texas certified teachers and assistants in each pre-k classroom. free breakfast and lunch served daily. monolingual and bilingual classrooms. outdoor classrooms at three elementary campusesathleticssports offered: cross country, basketball, volleyball, football, baseball, softball, soccer, tennis, track, golffine artsprograms offered: band, rotc, choir, dance, mariachi, rotc, spirit, theater arts, visual arts
elementary fine arts: strings, music, artctestudents may select from over 21 programs of study within 12 career clusters that prepare students for high-wage, high-skill, and  in-demand careers. courses are taught by teachers with 
actual industry experience. students provided opportunities to earn an industry-based certification in their cte program of study such as cosmetology, automotive, cyber security, and culinarydual languagebiliteracy development (reading and writing.) instruction in both languages beginning in kinder with 90% spanish and 10% english. instruction develops to 50% spanish,  50% english by 4th grade. students demonstrate positive cross-cultural attitudes 
about usjoin the legacydemographics97% hispanic
free servicesfree breakfast and lunch
free wifi at home
free family support services
free well-being serviceshef scholarshipall of our harlandale isd graduates receive a post-secondary scholarship through the harlandale education foundation to further their education.spotlight"harlandale isd holds a special place in my heart as it's where i grew up. the meaningful work we do in the classroom reassures me that my purpose is just beginning."- steffany harris (stonewall flanders) “i enjoyed growing up in the district, so i decided to come back.  harlandale isd is filled with caring and supportive staff that makes me feel right at home.”- lori leija (hac)“i like working at harlandale isd because it's like one big family! having the pleasure to teach multiple siblings makes it feel like you're part of their family.”- david cruz  (schulze elementary)visit usharlandale independent school district 102 genevieve drive san antonio, tx 78214,  get directionscontact usphone: (210) 989-4300quick linksregister today!harlandale education foundationjob vacanciesparent hubstudent hubstaff hubstay connectedcopyright © 2025 harlandale independent school district. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

