



	winnebago county clerk of the circuit court | winnebago county 17 judicial circuit clerk design















winnebago county 17th judicial circuit clerk




thomas a. klein winnebago county clerk of the circuit court















court information


welcome


case categories


court forms 


court holidays


directions to court locations


docket schedules


e-filing 


employment opportunities


filing fees


harris & harris, ltd. - collections


hours & locations


legal terms




civil information


court forms


e-filing


arbitration ($10,001.00 – $50,000.00)


child support


dissolution


dissolution with children


dissolution without children




family


law ($50,000.00 +)


law minor ($10,001.00 – 50,000.00)


eviction




miscellaneous remedy


name change - adult


name change - minor




order of protection (op)


probate


small claim ($.01 – $10,000.00)


wills




criminal / traffic information


court forms


bond refund


expungement


pay my traffic ticket


resolve my traffic ticket




online case information


access court records

























lincoln memorial






winnebago county justice center






winnebago county circuit clerk's office customer service counter











			case
			payments



	 




   document
   requests



  




   attorney court date requests



  




court forms



	 




			civil e-filing



	 








	 

	mission statement

	it is the mission of the winnebago county circuit clerk's office to provide accurate information and support to the judicial system. according to the illinois state statutes, the responsibility of the circuit clerk is to be the keeper of the court record. our office strives to consistently fulfill this duty while providing high quality services and continuing to make technological advancements.

	disclaimer

	the information on this website is provided for your convenience only. information may be changed or updated without notice. while the clerk of the circuit court of winnebago county has attempted to make the information contained herein as accurate as possible, information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. please use the official printed documents for any and/or all legal work. the clerk of the circuit court of winnebago county, its employees, and agents will not be responsible for any loss from the use of or reliance on the information contained on this site.

	 

	any ideas on how to enhance our site?
	any additional forms you would like available?

	contact our office at 815-319-4500 (8:00 am - 4:30 pm)







faq

has a case been filed against me?
how do i request copies of a document?
how do i change my court date?
how do i request a criminal/juvenile background report?
when do i get my bond money back?
what should i do if i missed my court date?
what should i do if i have been contacted by harris & harris, ltd.?

► view all faqs











winnebago county 17th judicial circuit clerk





general disclaimer|privacy policy|faq|contact us|site map










©  winnebago county clerk of the circuit court. all rights reserved. | site design & developement by americaneagle.com






close (x)









