

horton's stage page
























 
welcome to stagepage,
the home of playwright g.l. horton  for producers, directors, literary managers, dramaturgs: 
one-act plays:
                      comedy and drama play scripts, as well as complete scripts of full-length
                  plays and musicals, with their current state of development and/or production histories. follow the progress of the musical precious bane in development!
 for actors and drama students: 
 nearly 100  free monologues excerpted
                    from the plays and more than 200 one-minute
                    mouth-off monologues, all of which can be sorted by
                    gender, age, length and genre. use of these monologues is
                    free for auditions and classroom exercises.                 
 for
                        the theatre-going public and theatre afficionados: 
schedule
                  of upcoming
                    performances of g.l.
                      horton's plays and geralyn horton's acting,
                      listings of recent
                      performances
                      including links to photos of those productions.
g.l.
                      	horton's 2006-9 blog  on theatre. view
                      	old blog here.  my password's finally recovered, so i can  resume. but it may be better to begin puting news and short opinions on  geralyn horton's facebook page. 
 activities, productions and performances
precious bane - the musical
              	two free presentations of excerpts from this romantic new show
              	will play at the durant-kenrick house on saturday
              	october 18, 2014 at 2:30 and 4:00 pm. the concert will be followed by a q&a
             	session with composer miriam raiken-kolb and playwright g.l. horton.             	
newton playwrights group
continues into 2012 at the newton mass. free
library. meetings/readings 3rd thursday of the month @ 7pm. open to the public. 
              theatre
              			communications group conf. in boston (stagesource)
june 21-23, 2012:  attended as independent artist best actor award for horton  performing: 
	june 8-16 2012 summer
	festival playwrights platform
carol in cafe latte seduction, by sandra weintraub 
recent productions and performances  ta-dah! 40th playwrights platform festival opens june 8th! swanday—scene and song from our new musical, precious bane!
                sunday, march 25, 2012,  at boston playwrights theatre.
                swan (support women artists now) day is an international holiday that celebrates
                women artists. 
                newton playwright/singer geralyn horton is mother
                sarn in an excerpt from precious bane, composer miriam raiken-kolb, accompanies. shannon muhs as
                the heroine, prue sarn.  6th annual our voices festival: 2012 selected plays & playwrights    march 24
		horton  in ellen sullivan’s call of duty
		june lewin will perform in smart doggie!  by g.l. horton
		regis college fine arts center, black box theater, weston, ma 
		this annual all-day swan day  celebration
		also features a morning of more informal readings of women playwrights 
		and an afternoon workshop for participating playwrights.  dramatists' guild national conf. at george mason u in d.c.
                june 9-12 2011: attended and met up with icwpers and women's initiative
               horton the actor performed: 
                june 17-19 2011  summer festival playwrights platform phoebie jeebies, sandra weintraub
                nyc  april 2010 one woman standing:   turbulence by rosanna alfaro
               nyc oct  2009 estrogenius solo voce:   turbulence by rosanna  alfaro some of the productions of plays by g. l. horton -- 2013-11
jan  2013 on speaking terms niagara u 
              	nov regency romance  richardson tx hs 
              	oct  fantasia for string trio sussex, va hs 
              	oct  under cover  malone u 
              	sept   autumn leaves  mensa georgia gathering 
              	sept unplugged  canadian hs  drama 
               	 sept  happy hour, library actors, melbourne australia 
               	 aug   eulogy   trumbauer hs festival, alabama 
               	 aug   playing in the bush league readers' theatre 
               	 aug   showtime  parktown hs south africa 
               	 june   a late lunch  staley hs, kansas city  mo  
               	 june  cast spell raf halton dramatics club, england 
               	 june  regency romance, petra christian u, surabaya indonesia  
               	 may   autumn leaves  balikpapan u, indonesia 
               	 apr   all for love  strathmore hs, ab canada 
               	 feb   inquest chatfield hs mn
               	 feb  happy hour, toronto high school 
               	 jan  2012 conventional behavior  aurora hs ontario canada 
               	 jan  the thingjimmy  spruce grove hs 
               	 jan 3, best practice, smith school of acting 
               	 dec 15  eulogy, national thespian competition 
               	 dec 15, mary from under siege, national thespian competition 
               	 dec 6 - 7th jenny does shakespeare, alvernia university 
               	 dec 1-3rd kiss the twins for me, coffeyville community college 
               	 dec 15-18th cast spell, sir william molock drama guild 
               	 nov 19th spirit and flesh, texas uil contest tulia high school. 
               	 nov 11-12th party, party; eastwood collegiate inst. kichner, canada 
               	 nov 9-12th deus ex machina, kats theatre kilkenny ireland 
               	 oct 6th  conventional behavior,  prague high school oklahoma 
april 29-30th kiss the twins for me, oskaloosa h.s. iowa
               	 april 28-30th ruling passion, newton south high school, mass. toastmaster presentations
                may   unplugged  empire toastmasters, king nc
              sept  rehabilitation queensland toastmasters
              aug  one fiery leaf   mattel toastmasters              
              one fiery leaf,  chandler arizona; 
                all for love,  colorado springs co: 
              one song,    813 area  in the boston area 2012
dec  9  have yourself a merry little..                playwrights platform reading
nov 6th blood money, playwrights platform 
june 17-19 kiss
the twins for me, playwrights
platform festival
mar 26, 2011, kiss the twins for me:  our
voices v: regis college
nov 14th party, party, playwrights
platform reading/critique
nov 14th kiss the twins for me, playwrights platform reading
june 10-12 on speaking terms, playwrights
                platform summer fest
mar 28th sorcerers' apprentice, boston playwrights theatre/swanday
feb 27th all for love, in our
voices together/swanday
mar 14th on speaking
terms, one song, playwrights platform reading/ critique. horton as actor in staged readings  2013-09
jan 2, 2011 distant relations: fuller/emerson, by mark harris, at 10:15am
first unitarian society in newton.
               	
at playwrights platform
jan 13  2013 dandelion tea by inez hedges
              	dec  9  2012 have yourself a merry little.. by g.l. horton              
              	nov 25    three and 1/2
              	seductions by sandra weintraub              
              	oct 28 our capital by george masselam
	oct 28 blood money by g.l. horton
	oct 28 la madre del vinagre by george smart              
              	sept. 23  curtain by marika barnett
	sept 23  play about two people by carolyn palo              
              	sept 9, 2012 forlorn? try porn. by sandra weintraub
              	jan 23, 2012 love potion #9, by pam newton
               	nov 20th dress rehearsal, by ludmilla amselm 
               	nov 20th caffe latte: late seduction, by sandra weintraub 
               	oct 30th mom play, by phyllis rittner 
               	sept 25th let it lie, by george smart 
               	may 8th, 2011 a dog and his boys, by george smart
               	mar 20th, 2011, abby and angie, by george masselam
               	mar  6th, mother and daughter, by ludmila anselm
               	mar 6th,  that fool's emperor, by skip schloming
               	feb 13, 2011, coffee shop romance, by sandra wientraub
               	dec 5th, 2010, alienation of affection, by sandra wientraub
               	nov 21st  sundown, by march schrader
               	nov 14th triumph by istvan ver
               	nov 14th phoebe jeebies by sandra weintraub
               	oct 17th abby and angie, by george masselam
               	oct 17th on a cliff, by george masselam                
               	apr 24th daisy and mohammed, by sandra wientraub
               	apr
               	11 curtain, by marika barnett
               	apr 11 self-portrait, by regina eliot ramsey
               	feb 7th one song, by g.l.horton
               	jan 24th  absence,  by peter m. floyd
               	jan 10th  that fool's emperor, by skip schloming
               	jan 10th 2010,the summit, by william miller
               	dec 13th  2009, yiddish land,   by ellen sullivan
               	oct 4th  my daughter can't marry no a-rab,  by george masselam
              	sept 2oth 2009, bad language, by sandra weintraub site news   recent  one acts!  
party, party: tea and antipathy, and kiss the twins for me (2011) on speaking terms, and  one song, (2010) and the newly relevant revision of sacred space 
 videos and mp3s:  
 on youtube: deus
                      ex machina pt one, and deus
                      ex machina pt two, produced by students at
                      oakland university, mi. see all eight youtube performances of g.l. horton plays and monologues. 
                on private page: june festival performance of weintraub's phoebe jeebies and kiss the twins for me.
this site also has 3
                      juke boxes of
                      actors reading selected monologues and one acts (mp3 recordings)—on
                      the monologues, mouth-offs,
                      and one-act
                      play pages.
watch also for the symbols  and 
 check out our "radio show" with actors and theatre mavins commenting on the state of local events and happenings in theatre — together with monologues from this site. playwright interview podcasts from the icwp 2010 annual summer retreat at ohio state university
	which was july 18-25th in columbus. horton and colleagues worked on their scripts with prof. alan woods of osu and volunteer actors. oh, joy!   the retreat has its own blog. fascinating!!! love the podcasts...the production qualities are wonderful (i don't know why i expected any less, but i was pleasantly surprised). have been on assorted areas of your web site for the past hour, enjoying your writing, your intelligence, your multiple voices, the spirit of largesse and the general abundance of information. i remembered that i wanted to go and see lisa kron's production at the huntington, but never made it. reading your commentary reminded me why i wished i had gone. --dr  this site can be searched!  geralyn
              	horton acting in staged readings at playwrights platform, lasell college, newton 
	jan 24th  absence  by peter m. floyd
	jan 10th 2010, that fool's emperor by skip schloming
	jan 10th the summit by william miller
	dec 13th  2009, yiddish land   by ellen sullivan
	oct 4th  my daughter can't marry no a rab  by george masselam
	sept 2oth  bad language by sandra weintraub g.l.
              	horton plays and monologues on stage performances  mar & feb  2010
beyond measure - theatre lab uc riverside ca 
skinny teeth -- riverspring theatre arts, ca
a pregnant pause -- dickenson state u, nd 
                and the lion shall lie down with.. --mckendree u, il 
jenny does shakespeare -- columbia drama club, sc 
help wanted -- teacher training college, the netherlands 
"frank" from inquest -- irene ryan contest, reno, ne 
regency romance -- houston h.s. drama, mo 
consider the alpha male -- college talent contest, sc 
speed dating w/a divorce lawyer -- jefferson h.s.cedar rapids, io "elaine" from inquest --jefferson h.s.,cedar rapids, io 
deus ex machina -- lord fairfax com. college, va 
skinny teeth--  ottawa school of speech and drama, canada
heaven and hades --  pec playhouse, pecatonica, il 
christmas at grandma's -- battlefield high, haymarket va 
the 10:04; in love and war -- dramatic interpretation contest 
deus ex machina -- lord fairfax community college, va 
"elaine" from inquest -- vox femina, midtown arts, houston tx 
cast spell-- one act festival,  mandurah, australia 
one fiery leaf-- dean's h. s. drama club 
3 mouth-offs -- ocean coounty college, nj 
the gender agenda -- orange county community college, ca 
cast spell-- owensboro community college 
the 10:04; in love and war -- senior drama workshop, sunrise, ca 
"elaine" from inquest -- toastmasters, brisbane, australia 
cast spell-- edenvale drama society, south africa 
deus ex machina-- no drama theatre, dublin ireland 
regency romance -- mass college of liberal arts 
a late lunch -- berea high school 
showtime -- toastmasters, richmond, va
help wanted--toastmasters, richmond, va 
elegy --toastmasters, richmond, va 
recent past acting                
august '09 at icwp retreat at ohio state u, nightly play readings
                  
                april '09 our voices together, turtle lane, in sarah of wasilla & 
                barnett's last thought
                may '09 terry crystal's caitlin county hemp wars musical 
                  nov 6 newton playwrights group work-in-progress at arsenal center
                  nov 9 smoke by dan bancroft -platform
                  nov 17 directed chekhov's last love by ludmila anselm, piano factory 
                  nov 25 caitlin county hemp wars musical by terry crystal 
                  dec 7  the perfect match by marika barnett -platform
                  january  escape by marika bennett first (w)rites, cambridge center
                  february  stayin' alive & interview new tv, newton community cable
                  march madness/swanday— turbulence by rosanna alfaro
              &  stayin' alive by sandra weintraub     boston playwrights theatre
              geralyn  performs 
                  "martha
                  mitchell, in mostly her own words", a solo one-act
                  musical by rosanna yamagiwa alfaro — at the six figures
              festival in nyc earlier this year, at the west end theatre.  book the show for your area now!         upcoming and recent productions


see also recent productions
              			of g.l. horton plays for a tally of earlier productions
              			and links to pictures. 
 women's history month & swan day celebrations  g.l. 
		took part as writer, producer, and actor, in nyc and in boston in 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010. read about these 
		exciting events as they take shape at the swanday or the icwp site. 
       	    	essays: for the newest
                essays,  see her stageblog-glhorton.
                you can also read g.l. horton's earlier commentary and opinions
              on the theatre. monologues: the
                  one-minute mouth-offs monologues
                  are not from any of the plays, and are added to regularly.
                  this site's listing of free
                  monologues can be sorted 
                by age, length of monologue, and genre (drama/comedy). see also... 
about stagepage 
interview with g.l. horton
conference 
                  notes & trip reports
site map
 requests and testimonials 
i think doing voice-overs for your website would be a perfect 
                  starting project for the actors in our new actors in residence 
                  program! once the casting is complete we can grab the actors 
                  and set a date to do the recordings. we will be in touch! --cm
i teach english and drama in a georgia high school, and i was 
                  looking for lesson plan ideas when i came across your website. 
                  it is wonderful. you provide an incredible resource for educators. 
                  thanks! --kb
i'd like to encourage many to read geralyn's "under 
                  siege" - it is an important, important piece of work, 
                  and challenges all. i tried once to hook it up with a college 
                  theatre dept - a great venue for it imo, to no avail. i'd like 
                  to challenge someone to produce it. but please. read this play. 
                  and think. it is why theatre is. --an 
geralyn, your website has been an invaluable resource to actors 
                  at my studio. it's been posted on the tas bulletin board for 
                  years. i will make sure from now on that when any tas actor 
                  uses one of your monologues, that they take the time to acknowledge 
                  you -- personally. the internet is, indeed, your muse -- and 
                  you share your works generously. good karma. the word spreads. 
                  --bill smith, the 
                  acting studio in denver, co.
more testimonials about
                     g.l. horton's plays and monologues.
   




 
 







                      search this site 
                      
                      search the entire web 
 


      feel free to read or quote any of my writings, but please 
                respect my © copyright and contact 
                me for permission to perform or reproduce my work. feedback is 
                welcome—let's talk about theatre!
 







 


home | 
              bio | resume 
              | blog 
              | contact gl horton
monologues | one-act 
              plays | full-length plays
reviews | essays 
              | links | videos


 



made on an  
                by .



 










 





























































