


home - reston runners

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhomeabout us about us mission, vision, values faqs board of directors rr community fund (rrcf) calendarprograms youth in motion interval training  women's training program 10 weeks to 10k rtr training programresources enews races course library photo albums running calculators discussion forums membership directory membership discountsrtr rtr rtr courses rtr training program rtr faqs rtr sponsors rtr race results rtr race pictures volunteers donations contact us join us 
 
﻿﻿﻿reston runners
a community of runners and 
walkers ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿of all levels ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿and abilities
 








congratulations tim smith!

tim smith is the winner of the renowned joe fleig “green jacket” award.  the green jacket is awarded annually by our rr board of directors to a member in recognition of sustained and continuing service to our club.  it is named in honor of our club’s founder, joe fleig.  tim has transformed our running course library to include accurate gps measurements.  he is an instrumental member of the course planning committee and provides valuable updates to our website for all our weekend runs.  tim created our rtr half marathon course.  also, tim is a fast leader for nearly every weekend run. many thanks and cheers to tim!





reston runners annual meeting presentation and slide show
the reston runners annual meeting was held on february 8th.  a summary of the club's programs and activities over the previous year was presented, and volunteers were recognized.
view the annual meeting presentation (members only):   2025 annual meeting presentation
view a 20 minute slide show of photos from the previous year (everyone):  2025 slide show 
the club also recognized "heavy lifter" volunteers who took on significant lead responsibilities and/or volunteered for other tasks numerous times: 2024 - 2025 heavy lifter volunteers 

cherry blossom 10-mile -- reston runners team!
the annual cherry blossom 10-mile race is one of the nation’s premier road races attracting nearly 20,000 runners and an elite field of world-class runners.  many club members have already successfully registered for this race that is on sunday, april 6.  this year, the race organizers are showcasing a “dmv run club championship” to promote friendly competition among local running clubs.  we do have a “reston runners” team.  if you are registered, login to your cherry blossom race roster dashboard 
(https://raceroster.com/dashboard/participants/72646) and join our club team, reston runners.  questions, please email webmaster@restonrunners.org.

 


 

*** huge congratulations to emmett delaney who finished the spartan golden gate trail classic 50k!

this was emmett’s dream race, and he has written a wonderful story about his race day experience.  the story is an emotional one that will bring many avid runners to tears.  cheers to emmett for achieving a lifelong goal!  read his story here:  coming to america -- spartan golden gate trail classic 50k.






 upcoming eventsupcoming eventsongoing and upcoming events
 


run thru reston!
our reston runners annual premier race event has a new name: “run thru reston” or “rtr.”  it is  scheduled for april 27, 2025.  race day includes both a half marathon and a 5k.  there is a new link on our main menu called, “rtr.” all race information is now here:  rtr race.   registration for both the half marathon and the 5k race is open!  this event takes a village of volunteers to help run smoothly.  after all, our race is well known as a "race for runners by runners."  volunteers please sign up here: 2025 rtr volunteer.  also, the rtr half marathontraining program is open for registration!  this is a 14-week program starting january 18th tailored to progressively increase weekly long runs and leads right up to race day on april 27th.  rtr half marathon training program registration




our finish line services [fls] team needs volunteers., contact anna at <annabnewcomb@gmail.com>. after working at a race, volunteers will enjoy a free breakfast with our team.


 

announcements



enews!


enews is our reston runners weekly newsletter.  thank you to chris and claire who have stepped up to be the enews co-editors.  this newsletter is emailed weekly (usually on thursdays) to anyone who subscribes (currently over 800 subscribers)!  admittedly, we have worked hard to correct technical issues and ensure successful delivery of enews. 


to subscribe:  subscribe by entering your email and name on our enews subscription page here: enews.    

it is recommended that you add “enews@restonrunners.org” to your email contacts list. this helps to ensure the enews email is not filtered as spam and sent to your “junk” folder.


members -- login to our website!
many features of our new reston runners website are only available to active members who successfully log in. click on the “member login” button in the upper right corner of the home screen. on the login screen, you can enter your user name and password. if you don’t remember your user name or password, simply click on “forgot my username/password” button, and the information will be emailed to you.  if you have problems, please email our rr membership director or rr webmaster for assistance.  also note when logged in, you can see your membership expiration date on your profile page. 


join us(or renew your membership).   run happy!  

 




﻿﻿﻿
reston runners          

reston runners is based in reston, virginia and is a proud member of the road runners club of america. we are one of the largest running clubs in northern virginia with a diverse range of athletic talent. many new club members are training for their first 5k or 10k. others are experienced runners who have run competitively and have completed dozens of marathons and ultramarathons. we are passionate about running (and walking) and strive to be fun and inclusive. as our name "reston runners" implies--we are a running club.  however, we also have a very active group who prefer to walk. our weekend events include both a run and a walk course.


come join us for a group run on saturday or sunday.  become an active member to enjoy the many benefits of our community, friendship, social events, fitness tips, and opportunities to volunteer and give back.

join now








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









