




santorini greece















































































santorini

open up

to light

in these uncertain times, your health and the wellbeing of your loved ones is what matters most. but that doesn’t mean we have to stop connecting, being inspired and learning – now more than ever before. so this is where we share our love for santorini.stay connected, stay safe,keep dreaming & planning.

 












 

poor crisis management practices of some online travel agencies may have confused some of you and created issues regarding your reservations. thus, we strongly advise you to make your reservations directly from the hotels’ official websites. if you have already made a reservation, please contact the hotel to reschedule and solve any issues! now may not be the best time to travel, but it's the perfect time to dream and plan!





santorini will be here for you all year round, and its friendly people will be waiting to offer you the warmest welcome and a home to call your own during your visit. santorini is one of the most sought-after destinations in the world, a paradise of natural beauty and tranquility. santorini is the ideal place to ‘leave it all behind’ and make the most of your privilege for relaxation, for new unforgettable experiences, for adventure!

the covid-19 pandemic demands a social distancing, and even though this is wise and necessary, it deprives us of the human-touch. this season will be like no other — this one, will be a really special season. it will be a celebration of social reconnecting, of enjoying life again to the fullest! when all this is over, the pure joy of freedom in a place where wonders do happen — santorini — will be a unique experience indeed. for us, the people of santorini, it will be a historic season and we anticipate for it to begin, we are sure you do too!
 
we are also sure that photographs of santorini's volcanic landscapes, picturesque villages and extraordinary beaches that circulate online and are praised on renowned social travel accounts, keeps your heart warm through your quarantine days, and that puts a smile upon our faces!
thankfully, with its balmy mediterranean climate, santorini enjoys semi-arid summers, with the temperature reaching 29 degrees celcius in july and august, making for the best weather to relish the sun and the sea at the famous volcanic beaches of santorini.

the good news is that greece has faced, and continues to face, the coronavirus menace with great responsibility and consistency, and has taken brave and immediate actions to help flatten the curve. the measures that the greek government has issued, along with the cooperation, abidance and solidarity of the greek people, made greece one of the least affected countries in europe — a true success story. and this is another important factor that will rank greece among the top holiday destinations for this summer.
santorini is here, waiting for you!
 
until then, wherever you are, stay safe and even though we may be miles apart we are together in this. 













stay



connected






 
#santorinitravellers  #staysafe  #greecestayhome  #healthforall












picturesque


gallery





















































































































#santorinitravellers


be inspired to create your own story








 













 
 


























 

concept & copyright

overron360 hotel digital marketing
photos by yiannis kostopoulos





















