





heliotopos hotel, imerovigli, santorini – your home away from home

































 


 skip to content













 

homethe hotellive webcamaccommodationrestaurantweddings and eventsgallerythings to doe-shopcontactστηριξη covidhomethe hotellive webcamaccommodationrestaurantweddings and eventsgallerythings to doe-shopcontactcheck availability




facebookinstagram 




check availability 













loading...







heliotopos boutique hotel 



helio {sun} topos {place} - the place of sun 


scroll down











heliotopos boutique hotel 



helio {sun} topos {place} - the place of sun 


scroll down














home_admin2022-02-22t16:40:44+00:00 
×special offers for special times

covid-19: 2020 buy-out special


take advantage of our 2020 buy-out special offer and 50% discount (!) by booking the hotel in full (10 rooms). with this option, you and your friends/family will be the only ones with access to the pool and to a buffet breakfast. you will also be the only ones in the hotel premises along with the staff who will be at your service.
find out more at our special offers page and email us for questions, availability and terms at hotel@heliotopos.net

closeheliotopos hotel
your home away from home
located in imerovigli village, in a breathtaking setting high above the sea at the top of a volcanic crater, facing the evening sun which sets behind the sea, heliotopos hotel awaits you. enjoy vacation in santorini in an environment of traditional aesthetic appeal and warm and friendly atmosphere.
explore morestep into our world – by our dear guest shalexa
concierge servicedelicious breakfast wifi internet room service 24 hour parking transfer servicesantorini
imerovigli village
the village of imerovigli is located at the highest point of the caldera. it offers plenty of restaurant options in walking distance, and a beautiful hiking trail that connects it to the town of fira and the village of oia.
discover moreenjoy and remember
great times in santorini
check availabilitymore info
 


 
 





 

 αρ. μη.τ.ε. 1144κ050α0183100
 



imerovigli, santorini
phone: (0030)2286023670
fax: (0030)2286023672
email: hotel@heliotopos.net

 

connect with us!






 

live webcam watch the view from our main terrace live here!
 

 
 
 





		© copyright    |   heliotopos sa  |   all rights reserved	

 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link

 













best price guaranteed!























								check availability							











 






 






























































































go to top




