








	st. louis district, u.s. army corps of engineers























            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
st. louis district website










®








           contact
        



           district contact
        
 

           rss
        
 



           about
        



           mission and vision
        
 

           leadership
        
 

           history
        
 

           foia
        
 



           business with us
        



           contracting
        
 

           small business
        
 



           missions
        



           centers of expertise
        



           applied river engineering center 
        
 

           curation & mgmt of archaeological collections
        
 

           environmental and munitions
        
 

           photogrammetric mapping  
        
 



           engineering and construction
        



           construction
        
 

           design
        
 

           geotechnical
        
 

           water management
        
 



           emergency operations
        
 

           habitat restoration
        
 

           flood risk management
        
 

           fusrap
        
 

           levee safety
        
 

           navigation
        
 

           programs & project management 
        
 

           recreation
        



           carlyle lake
        
 

           lake shelbyville
        
 

           mark twain lake
        



           frank russell environmental trail
        
 



           rend lake
        
 

           wappapello lake
        
 

           kaskaskia river project
        
 

           rivers project office
        
 



           regulatory
        
 

           veterans curation program
        
 

           regional planning division north
        
 



           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 



           careers
        



           media
        



           news stories
        
 

           news releases
        
 

           our mississippi
        
 

           images
        
 

           videos
        
 

           st. louis district's facebook
        
 

           public affairs office
        
 



           library
        



           150th anniversary
        


























hot info






lock and dam 25|fusrap




...more
less
























the u.s. army corps of engineers celebrates 250 years
the u.s. army corps of engineers is celebrating 250 years in 2025.













rivers project office master plan update ready for public review
the st. louis district, invites the public to review and comment on the revised draft rivers project master plan update. the rivers project master plan is a conceptual document that guides public use and natural resource management of over 48,000 acres of federal lands for environmental stewardship and recreation related purposes. the current master plan was approved in 2015. 

news release











public notices now available on rss
public notices are now available on the rrs! usace is excited to announce that the regulatory request system (rrs) now includes the ability to identify projects of interest, view public notices and associated documents, and provide comments—all in one convenient platform.

with the rrs, you can view public notices by state or district in a table or map format, search for projects by name or address, and easily submit feedback directly through the system.

news releaseregulatory request system











lock and dam 25: new 1200-ft lock project
lock and dam 25 is located in calhoun county, illinois, and lincoln county, missouri, at approximately mile 241.4 on the upper mississippi river above the mouth of the ohio river near winfield, missouri.

lock and dam 25: new 1200-ft lock project











engineers far from ordinary: the u.s. army corps of engineers in st. louis
engineers far from ordinary: the u.s. army corps of engineers in st. louis takes a look at the story of the st. louis district beginning with the rich and legendary history of the river as well as the modern history of the district’s innovations in response to the challenges of simultaneously maintaining and regulating navigation, protecting again flooding, and protecting the environment.

download ebook











america the beautiful annual pass
america the beautiful national parks and federal recreational lands interagency passes are available for purchase at st. louis district lake offices and visitor centers.

america the beautiful annual pass
















quick links



- big five levee system emergency action plan and evacuation plan
- cahokia heights
- camping reservations 
- city of de soto 
- emergency management
- dogtooth bend nonstructural mitigation plan
- fusrap
- levee rehabilitation
- levee safety
- lower meramec basin
- metro east levees
- navigation 
- public notices open for comment
- regulating works: supplemental environmental impact statement (seis) 
- river des peres
- river engineering 
- river and reservoir gages 
- section 408 program
- section 408 public notices
- vessel locking information
- veterans curation program 
- upper joachim creek 
- upper mississippi river restoration (umrr)
- water management 








latest news releases






rescheduled: usace to present on melvin price locks & dam drawdown alternative analysis for water control manual revision

                2/5/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, st. louis district will host two public meetings to present the findings of the melvin price locks and dam water control manual revision update. a presentation will...
            





army corps of engineers waives day use fees  at recreation areas in observance of martin luther king jr. day 

                1/16/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers today announced that it will waive day use fees at its more than 2,800 usace-operated recreation areas nationwide in observance of martin luther king jr. day, january...
            





rivers project master plan update public comment period

                1/8/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, st. louis district, invites your review and comments regarding the revised draft “rivers project master plan update” with accompanying “finding of no significant...
            


eagle watch at case-halstead library

                1/7/2025 
            

                eagle watch, a collaboration between the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) carlyle lake project and case-halstead public library, will take place on saturday, january 25, 2025. the world bird...
            





usace introduces public notice module to regulatory request system

                1/6/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers today announced the launch of the new public notice module on its regulatory request system (rrs), an innovative online application portal designed to enhance...
            







view more





























most requested



regulatory and permitswater managementrecreationrecreation passes







around the district 






























































did you know...


the st. louis district is responsible for maintaining a navigation channel nine feet deep and 300 feet wide on 300 miles of the mississippi river from saverton, missouri, to cairo, illinois. we are also responsible for maintaining a navigation channel on the lower 80 miles of the illinois river as well as the lower 36 miles of the kaskaskia river. strategically situated at the crossroads of three major river systems, the st. louis district is also located at the critical transition point on the mississippi river where it is a “locking river” north of st. louis and the “open river” from st. louis on south.










essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the st. louis district website
the official public website of the st. louis district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to teamstl-pao@usace.army.mil













accessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govopen governmentplain languageeeo & sharpsmall business


rssigfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














