






nc4 | the power of a connected life











































  610.861.7725
info@nc4.org

bethlehem
macungie
watch live
















about nc4
connect
events & announcements
give
connect groups
family ministry
growth classes
locations
members
message library
our team
outreach
 





select page


  
 



 



 










during the winter season, bad weather may force us to cancel a service or event. when that happens, an announcement will be posted at the top of the nc4 homepage. to view nc4’s current inclement weather policy: click here









welcome





welcome







new here?



messages



connect









welcome







new here?



messages



connect








worship online with us 10am sundays





















welcome
we follow jesus. we believe the entire bible. we strive to be authentic… that means we mess up… but there is grace and mercy when we do. 
 we have a goal for everyone… no matter where they are on their spiritual journey, which is to see them move closer to jesus, transforming their lives to become more like him through the power of the holy spirit.
 we believe in the power of a connected life… so everything we do must connect us to god, to one another or to our community in a way that advances the kingdom of god.
 we know you were created for a purpose but you weren’t meant to go it alone. we invite you to join us.






leadership transition news
on may 1, 2022, nc4 celebrated the transition of leadership from senior pastor jack groblewski to lead pastor ian martin. pastor jack, or “grubby” as he is known, is a founding elder of nc4 and served as our only senior pastor for 40 years. leaders of church networks from throughout the us and europe came to bethlehem to celebrate this historic day and to pray for the lord’s continued blessing over nc4, pastor jack & trish, and pastor ian and celina. pastor ian comes from a rich heritage at nc4; his grandparents, conrad & joye martin, were one of our founding couples and conrad was an original elder, and ian’s parents, kent & mary alice martin, were sent out from nc4 as missionaries to betel spain and then the uk, over 30 years ago. we are very excited that pastor ian loves and lives nc4’s dna and will be building on the solid foundation that pastor jack & trish have laid. (read more about pastor ian & celina here.)
pastor jack and trish faithfully built nc4 on a foundation of excellent bible teaching, active cultivation of the gifts of the holy spirit, a respect for the liturgical calendar and the ancient practices of the church, and a commitment to advancing the kingdom of god through global missions, apostolic oversight of churches, and church planting. all of this was done with humility, obedience to god, and authenticity, rooted in their love for god and his people. pastor jack & trish’s unselfish and tireless commitment cultivated the church as an intergenerational family, sometimes messy but always there for one another. they modeled this as pastor jack led countless weddings, baby dedications, baptisms, and funerals and together counseling and comforting many through life’s crises. it is because of their leadership that today nc4 is a thriving intergenerational church with two campuses (bethlehem & macungie), financially sound with no debt, and missionaries and apostolic network relationships throughout the world. fortunately for nc4, pastor jack & trish will still be active members serving the church with their gifts, including occasional pulpit teaching, just transitioning their roles from parents to grandparents





ian & celina martinlead pastor



jack & tricia groblewskisenior pastor emeritus







how can we pray for you?
submit a prayer request



 








give online 


get in touch 610.861.7725
info@nc4.org
sunday services 
bethlehem campus:
21 e broad st bethlehem, pa 18018
10:00am
macungie campus:
126 s church st macungie, pa 18062
10:00am

about us we are a nondenominational church in the lehigh valley, pa, committed to following christ in word & action. reformed in theology, charismatic in practice. contemporary in worship, challenging in teaching.  authentic in relationships, intentional in action.

contacts 
staff
elders
directions

translate 
 






















facebook




youtube




instagram


© 2022 new covenant christian community church 




 














