





travel guides - things to do | qantas us



















































skip to contentmenuunited states (english)argentina (english)australia (english)austria (english)belgium (english)brazil (english)canada (english)chile (english)china (english)中国 (中文)fiji (english)finland (english)france (english)france (français)french polynesia (english)germany (english)hong kong sar china (english)香港 (中文)india (english)indonesia (english)ireland (english)italy (english)japan (english)日本 (日本語)mexico (english)netherlands (english)new caledonia (english)new zealand (english)papua new guinea (english)philippines (english)singapore (english)south africa (english)south korea (english)대한민국 (한국어)spain (english)switzerland (english)taiwan (english)台灣 (中文)thailand (english)united kingdom (english)united states (english)vanuatu (english)vietnam (english)hometravel guidesflight dealsplanbookflyfrequent flyerqantas for businesshelptravel guidesaustraliasydneymelbournebrisbanenew zealandaucklandwellingtonqueenstownsouth pacificfijinoumeaasiahong kongtokyosingaporenorth americalos angelesnew yorkvancouvertravel insiderrestaurant and hotel reviews, photo galleries and travel articles.
where can i go?with our interactive map it's easy to plan your next trip using money or qantas points.
travel inspirationlooking for holiday inspiration? browse our travel recommendations for australia and beyond.
flight dealsall flight dealsfind offers on qantas flights across a range of international destinations.
internationalflights to australiaflights to new zealandplantravel classesfind out more about our award-winning first and international business cabins and more classes of travel on qantas.
onboarddiscover inflight dining options, entertainment, seat maps, aircraft you'll be flying on and more.
experience the qantas differencefly away with complimentary food, drinks, entertainment, baggage and more included in every qantas fare.
our network and partner airlinesdiscover our australian domestic and international network, airline partners and oneworld.
timetablessearch current timetable information for qantas, qantaslink and jetstar flights.
email subscriptionget the latest flight sales, accommodation offers, travel inspiration and more straight to your inbox.
qantas passenger perksfly to australia with qantas and unlock hand-picked deals on iconic experiences across the country.
qantas appbook and manage your trip with features such as check-in, seat selection and boarding pass access. you can track your qantas points, shop and more.
qantas explorersave on a multi-city adventure to over 100 routes across australia and new zealand with qantas explorer.
bookflightsbook flights, multi-city or round the world trips, search using our interactive map or redeem a travel credit.
hotelsearn qantas points on our huge range of accommodation options worldwide.
group travelbook 10 or more passengers travelling to the same destination.
activitiesbook city tours, hop-on-hop-off buses, organised tours and more.
carsbook car hire, car specials or commercial vehicles.
flytravel updatestrack updates on extreme weather or other major issues that may impact your flight.
flight statusfind departure and arrival information and view our on-time performance.
check-inways to check-in for your flight including online and on your mobile.
manage bookingchange or cancel flights, redeem a flight credit, request an upgrade, check-in and more.
seat selectionchoose the seat that suits you before you arrive at the airport on qantas operated flights.
at the airportbrowse our airport guides and lounge network information.
baggageview baggage allowances, purchase additional baggage, learn about dangerous goods or track lost baggage.
airport loungesstart your trip in the exclusive surrounds of one of our world class airport lounges.
travel adviceinformation about visas, health and more.
specific needsoptions for mobility and medical assistance and first-time flyers. request wheelchair assistance.
travelling with childrenget ready for your big adventure with our dedicated family section.
frequent flyerearn qantas pointsearning points couldn’t be easier. whether you’re booking your next holiday or flying for business or pleasure, you could be earning points on all sorts of things with our partners.
use qantas pointswith lots of ways to use your points, you'll be sure to find something you like. use your points for flights, upgrades, hotels, or car hire.
status and clubsthe more you fly, the faster you'll enjoy benefits like priority boarding; or earn points to unlock points club, where you'll enjoy benefits like lounge access, or the qantas club to start your journey off right.
my accountcheck your points balance, transfer points, update your details, claim missing points, top-up points, manage bookings and more.
newsall the latest from the qantas frequent flyer program including new partners, new rewards and more.
qantas for businesswhy qantas for businesstravel with qantas for your next business trip. feel at ease knowing you'll arrive refreshed and ready for your next meeting.
helpcontact usget in touch, we're here to help. find support, contact your local qantas office, provide feedback and more.
help and supportfind answers to frequently asked questions and popular topics.
 'how to' videosview our 'how to' videos for step-by-step instructions on topics like redeeming a flight credit and how to use your qantas pass.














hometravel guides













travel guideswith the latest flight, hotel, car and tour deals, there's no better place to start planning your next big adventure. 








 jump to...australianew zealandsouth pacificasiaeuropenorth and south americaafricaour networksearch flights














australia



the island of australia is a traveller’s dream. whether you plan to spend weeks or months exploring beaches, mountains and vast outback – head down under and tick some of the planet's most incredible experiences off your bucket list, made easy with our travel guides.











australian capital territory













new south wales












northern territory












queensland



















south australia












tasmania












victoria












western australia











discover more australian destinations

















new zealand



the cities of new zealand have some of the most dramatic landscapes on earth, it's a place of stunning scenery and friendly locals with something new and different to experience every day.











auckland












queenstown












christchurch











discover more new zealand destinations

















south pacific



whether you're looking for adventure or a slice of paradise, the south pacific islands are renowned for their welcoming people, fascinating culture and natural beauty. 











tahiti












fiji












noumea











discover more south pacific destinations

















asia



asia is unlike any other continent. made up of 48 distinctively different and uniquely charming countries, travelling through asia is a life-changing experience. see the future of technology in tokyo, sample delicious hawker fare in singapore or relax at a resort in thailand.











singapore












bengaluru (bangalore)












seoul












bali



















tokyo












bangkok












hong kong












manila











discover more asian destinations

















europe



there are so many reasons to escape to europe. london, rome, paris and beyond, it’s full of new discoveries waiting to be explored and loved. break the continent into chunks and you'll find plenty to see and do on your dream european holiday.











london












rome












paris












barcelona











discover more european destinations

















north and south america



soak up the big city vibe in the usa. perhaps delve into the east coast's new york or over to west coast to tech hub san francisco. those into the outdoors might choose to ski awesome mountains or kayak in the picturesque lakes of canada.
home to the stunning andes, the amazonian rainforest and the dramatic inca ruins, south america is a colourful paradise.











new york












los angeles












vancouver












santiago



















discover more north american destinations










discover more south american destinations























africa



stretching from the mediterranean shores of morocco and algeria, down to cape agulhas, the southernmost point of south africa, the african continent is a wild and spiritual place. 











morocco





discover morocco










johannesburg





discover johannesburg























our network













international networkdiscover australia and the world with qantas. now is the time to take your dream bucket list adventure, connect with family and friends or plan a relaxing escape.see international destinations












australian domestic networkqantas operates australia’s largest premium full-service domestic airline with flights to over 65 destinations around australia including all capital cities and large metropolitan areas, as well as many regional hubs.more on domestic destinations











interactive map plannermake everywhere feel possible with qantas and our partners. search and compare flights within australia and around the world with the option to use money or qantas points.explore the map























































about qantas



about usqantas groupnews roomcareersoneworldbaggage & optional service fees













support



help & supportcontact ustravel creditscustomer service plan












download our app



qantas app iosqantas app android












access to great deals



join qantas frequent flyersubscribe to red email


































































© qantas airways limited abn 16 009 661 901










(opens in a new tab)






(opens in a new tab)






privacy & securityterms of useconditions of carriagemodern slavery act statement (pdf)reconciliation action planaccess & inclusion planfare types












qantas would like to acknowledge the traditional custodians of the local lands and waterways on which we live, work and fly.
we pay our respects to elders past and present.




































