










keating muething & klekamp pll home page














cookie settings
main menu
main content
search





how do you define success?for keating muething & klekamp, success is measured by the clients we serve and our ability to cultivate long-standing relationships. our clients value us as a trusted advisor, working collaboratively to develop effective solutions and strategies for the future. 






corporate transparency actreporting & compliancemore









benefits monthly minutetexas court says hold 'em when it comes to esg investing | good things come to those who wait: dol expands self-correction program to cover late contributions | j&j holds on as plaintiffs' standing falls
securities snapshot: 4th quarter 20242025 reporting season – key considerations
what's newfederal court overturns expansion of overtime requirements


search our people

chambers usa 2024"leaders in their field"kmk law is pleased to announce 9 attorneys have been ranked in the 2024 edition of chambers usa: america's leading business lawyers. 




based on an independent survey, 99% of kmk clients indicate that kmk attorneys’ understanding of their goals is excellent or very good and another 99% indicate they would recommend kmk.





kmk law is a proud member of alfa international, the premier network of independent law firms. founded in 1980, alfa's 150 member firms throughout the world include 80 u.s. firms with offices in 95 of the 100 largest metropolitan areas and 70 international firms located throughout europe, asia, australia/new zealand, africa, canada, mexico, and south america. kmk law can draw upon the collective wisdom and expertise of the alfa network to deliver highly effective legal solutions to our clients.







professionalsprofessionalssearchattorney directoryservicesservicesoverviewclientsabout kmkabout kmkabout kmkour business modelfirm leadershipbusiness management teamcommunitysubsidiariessubsidiariesriverbend commercial title agencykmk consulting company llckmk service corpcontactcontactour officemedia contacthave a question?inclusioninclusioninclusiondiversity case competitiondiversity committeewomen’s initiativecareerscareersa culture of successthe associate experiencesummer associate programcurrent opportunitiescurrent opportunitiesattorneys & law studentsprofessional staffnews & resourcesnews & resourceswhat's newnewspublicationseventskmk blogse-media kitsubscribe to updates

jump to page






close




privacy policy
cookie policy
accessibility policy
legal terms
site map
client extranet
subscribe
contact us
© 2025 keating muething & klekamp pll. all rights reserved.
site by firmseek






share

facebooklinkedintwitterrss



one east fourth street
suite 1400
cincinnati, oh 45202
tel: 513.579.6400







we use cookies to optimize the performance of this site and give you the best user experience. by clicking "accept," you agree to our use of cookies.

manage cookies
decline optional cookies
accept all cookies





necessary cookies
necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. you may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
functional cookies
functional cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and collect information about your use of the sites and services which enable us to improve functionality.


analytical cookies


on

off

analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. we access and process information from these cookies at an aggregate level.

close









