




novinite.com - sofia news agency, bulgarian news in english, eu, world










 































inews
novinite
econ
doctoronline
jenite
div
sporta
fitwell
sportuvai
peika
programata
news in english

 



feb 18, 2025 · 212749 articles · 732 interviews · 10756 pictures · 7176 subscribers ·  

						
		usd 1.8675eur 1.95583gbp 2.35265


news in:








 












mobile version


search








 
 


business
politics
world
society
sports
latest
culture
crime




· hotels 5*· hotels 4*· hotels 3*· apartment houses· bar&restaurants· rent-a-car· casino· sport· mountain resorts· sea resorts· education· entertainment· shopping· health clinics· beauty zone· public safety· business finance


best in bg

novinite insider



· radisson blu
· 4 seasons

· french survey 

· investors survey
· austrian survey
· italian survey
· us survey
· greek survey
· dutch survey


special topics
 

 







hot: » novinite's most-read articles of 2024: a year in review

vasil levski: the hero who shaped bulgaria’s path to freedom




president radev opposes bulgarian troops in ukraine, calls for clear government position

us-ukraine deal: worse than wwii reparations?

borissov, radev and peevski aligned: bulgarian soldiers will not participate in ukraine conflict


latest


putin open to talks, but kremlin casts doubt on zelensky's presidency

bulgaria's zhelyazkov government unveils 100-page plan for economic growth and social reform

crypto disaster hits argentina’s president: legal action over $libra collapse

musk plans to send tesla bots and grok ai to mars by 2026


the english premier league cup to visit sofia on february 25
macron calls for strong security guarantees in ukraine
miracle: no fatalities as delta airlines plane crashes at toronto pearson
snowstorm hits bulgaria: roads blocked, power outages in several villages


in pictures






aerial view of sofia



the truth?



spring is here



snow man greets sofia residents



tuesday evening in downtown sofia



in anticipation of the new year



merry christmas!


 




 

business



european commission: bulgaria on track for euro adoption in 2026, but challenges remain


plovdiv airport set for concession as bulgaria eyes aviation privatization


sofia airport renamed in honor of bulgarian hero vasil levski




politics



bulgarian president: ukraine conflict shifting toward diplomacy


bulgaria's president: realism replaces naivety in ukraine conflict


bulgarians prefer eu and nato over russia, new poll reveals




world



us-russia talks in saudi arabia: europe left on edge as trump moves toward peace with putin


sweden open to sending peacekeeping troops to ukraine


trump: russia won't fight nato




society



bulgaria's weather on february 18: snow decreases, cold conditions remain


bulgaria’s fight against rising food prices continues with second boycott on february 20


cold snap expected: temperatures to drop to minus 15°c in bulgaria




culture



bulgaria's finest wines: a perfect pairing for st. valentine’s and trifon zarezan


bulgaria celebrates love and wine on february 14


exhibition of bulgarian artifacts drew record crowds in north america




poll

should bulgaria adopt the euro as its official currency?


 » yes - 0 % » no - 0 % » undecided - 0 %
» comments





smiles


what did the football coach say to the broken vending machine?
what did the football coach say to the broken vending machine?

give me my quarterback.... read


what did 0 say to 8?
what did 0 say to 8?

“nice belt.”... read




quotes
dmitry peskov stated that ukraine has the right to join the eu, but not nato.

"putin is ready to talk with zelensky 'if necessary.' ukraine has the 'right' to join the eu, but not nato," said kremlin spokesperson dmitry peskov.... read"it is a time to pull people together ... it is a time to listen. it is a time to learn, when injustices continue despite progress over years and decades."justin trudeau, prime minister, canada... read




photo story

the european parliament through our lens






1 of 10 |
january 2, 2025, thursday // 11:06
stella ivanova

the european parliament through our lens


 
 


"the european parliament through our lens" is a captivating photo story by stella ivanova, showcasing the heart of european democracy. through a series of striking images, ivanova captures the dynamic environment of the european parliament, offering a glimpse into its daily workings and the architectural grandeur of the building. each shot tells a story, highlighting the importance of this institution ...» see all photos





more photo stories


the heat grips bulgaria's capital



winter's embrace: sofia transforms into a snowy wonderland



bulgarian carolers in kalofer



christmas mood in sofia




 






highlights

sofia airport renamed in honor of bulgarian hero vasil levski


cold snap expected: temperatures to drop to minus 15°c in bulgaria


us-russia talks in saudi arabia: europe left on edge as trump moves toward peace with putin


trump: russia won't fight nato


mickoski in munich: north macedonia a victim of eu double standards


uk troops to ukraine? starmer signals readiness for bold move


snow and rain alert: yellow code issued for 16 regions in bulgaria




advertisement







bulgarians you should know about



vasil levski: the hero who shaped bulgaria’s path to freedom


ivan vazov: the patriarch of bulgarian literature



opinions


one year since navalny’s murder: putin’s regime tightens its grip




ups & downs


bulgaria's perperikon: a european counterpart to peru's machu picchu



bulgarians among eu's least frequent vacationers, struggling with affordability





 


 













 



founded 2001


novinite.com

novinite.bg

novinite.ru


advertise

about us


contact us

copyright & disclaimer

privacy policy



web design and maintenance by m3 communications group, inc.

all rights reserved © novinite jsc., 2001-2025.

to the mobile version







 
 

	bulgaria news 
	novinite.com (sofia news agency - www.sofianewsagency.com) is unique with being a real time news provider in english that informs its readers about the latest bulgarian news. the editorial staff also publishes a daily online newspaper "sofia morning news."
	novinite.com (sofia news agency - www.sofianewsagency.com) and sofia morning news publish the latest economic, political and cultural news that take place in bulgaria. 
	foreign media analysis on bulgaria and world news in brief are also part of the web site and the online newspaper.
	news bulgaria 
	





 













