







berkeley repertory theatre










 













skip to main content









site utility navigation






search the site











expand search















                                                buy tickets
                                            



                                                donate now
                                            



                                                my account
                                            







site navigation






berkeley rep






                                    menu
                                

                                    close
                                







                                                    buy tickets
                                                



                                                    donate now
                                                



                                                    my account
                                                








search the site











expand search

















close the navigation











berkeley rep




shows
toggle shows subpages



the thing about jellyfish





uncle vanya





here there are blueberries





the aves





past productions








tickets
toggle tickets subpages



calendar





subscription and ticket packages





single and group tickets





plan your visit





accessibility





subscriber ticket exchange








support
toggle support subpages



become a donor





donor events





ovation gala





corporate partnership





legacy giving





ways to give








about
toggle about subpages



mission and values





in dialogue





antiracism commitment





land acknowledgement





who we are





get involved





rentals





health and safety
















the ground floor










school of theatre













home (berkeley rep)




















now playing: the thing about jellyfish
book your tickets now










now playing: uncle vanya
get your tickets now










discover more ways to experience berkeley rep
subscribe now










start your career at berkeley rep
apply today
















now playing: the thing about jellyfish

adapted from the best-selling novel, the thing about jellyfish is a visually stunning and deeply emotional coming-of-age story. critics are calling the show “breathtaking” and “transportive,” a “visually stunning, surprisingly funny, and achingly heartfelt” experience. witness the “heart-wrenching beauty of tyne rafaeli’s direction” as it unfolds onstage, creating “a satisfyingly complicated piece of theater that all ages of theatergoers will enjoy.” playing through mar 9.

book your tickets now






now playing: uncle vanya

when the distinguished elderly proprietor of a rural estate returns with a new, young wife, chaos erupts. as tensions escalate, marriages are tested, confessions and vodka flow freely, and weapons are drawn. hugh bonneville (downton abbey, paddington) stars as uncle vanya in this heartbreaking comedy that explores the eternal battle between futility and change. playing through mar 23.

get your tickets now






discover more ways to experience berkeley rep

craving spontaneity? opt for our flex pass and receive four ticket vouchers for our 2024/25 season. you’re free to choose any performance dates — perfect for those who value flexibility! prefer to customize your experience? our choose your own subscription lets you select your preferred dates for any of the remaining four plays in our season, all while enjoying a 15% discount on single ticket prices. make berkeley rep your cultural home this season.

subscribe now






start your career at berkeley rep

berkeley rep’s next generation fellowship program is looking to cultivate the future leaders of the american theatre by offering an immersive 11-month training experience that dives deep into the art and business of producing theatre. apply before mar 9 for your opportunity to be a part of our 2025/26 season fellowship cohort!

apply today





















berkeley rep








peet's theatre
2025 addison stberkeley ca 94704
roda theatre
2015 addison stberkeley ca 94704








box office
510 647-2949tue–sun, noon–7pmemail customer service








admin offices
510 647-2900email admin999 harrison stberkeley ca 94710
school of theatre
510 647-2972email school2071 addison stberkeley ca 94704








press
510 647-2917email press999 harrison stberkeley ca 94710visit online press room








plan your visit
getting hereaccessibilityseating charts








quick links
my accountbuy ticketsview cartsubscriber ticket exchangegift certificatesrentalsantiracism commitmentjoin our email list








berkeley repertory theatre is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization | tax id 94-1679756 | privacy policy






































































join our email listbe the first to hear about our shows, get a jump on tickets, and take advantage of special offers.
join
by using this site, you agree to our privacy policy.




                        close
                    









