















fairchild tropical botanic garden: your miami botanical garden








































































































visit

our miami botanical garden: collections & exhibits

allée and overlook
aquatic exhibits
arboretum and geiger tropical flower garden
arid and succulent collections
butterfly garden miami: the clinton family conservatory
children’s garden
cycad collection
garden club of america amphitheater
gate house museum
jewels of the caribbean exhibit
keys coastal habitat
liberty hyde bailey palm glade
lin lougheed spiny forest of madagascar
lisa d. anness south florida butterfly garden
montgomery palmetum & palm collection
moos sunken garden
natural history collection (archives and herbarium)
pine rockland exhibit
richard h. simons rainforest
sibley victoria pool
the fairchild farm & tropical fruit collection
tropical plant conservatory and rare plant house
organic vegetable garden
vine pergola
whitman tropical fruit pavilion


wings of the tropics
family fun
fairchild hours & admission
become an explorer
group programs
garden restaurant
garden map
tours


science & education

learn

school programs

field trips
home school programs
stemlab 2024-2025
biotech high school
pine lake elementary


classes for adults, kids, & families
the fairchild challenge
summer camp
internships and scholarships


science

growing beyond earth®
million orchid project

orchid care sheets


native plant conservation
native plant network
kushlan bird program
hsiao labs
conservation
dimare science village


educators
innovation

innovation studio
maker challenge
workshops


graduate fellowship


horticulture

what’s blooming at fairchild: flower gardens
fairchild on lincoln
plant societies
american orchid society
orchids

florida orchids
florida orchids for sale
how to grow your wild orchids on trees


mangos
cold protection
storm protection
gardening how to’s

planting watering mulching
soils media
plant selection
insects and pesticides
fertilization
pruning trees
home composting


edible gardens
south florida native plants
ask fairchild
plant nursery
garden explorer


events

valentine’s day concert
sip & stroll
luck of the leprechaun
orchid’s in bloom festival
weekend festivals

chocolate festival
taste of the caribbean
orchids in october


special events

splendor in the garden
gala in the garden
the bunny hoppening
mother’s day in the garden
enchanted fairies
members day plant sale
the haunting hour
haunted birdhouses
flavors of fairchild: a supper club experience
a very merry garden


plant shows & sales

annual bromeliad show
annual spring plant sale
annual palm show


garden weddings
private events

celebrations
birthdays
corporate rentals
memorials


filming & photography
dog dates
early morning bird walks


support

membership
volunteer

internships


donate
honor, tribute and gifts
for companies


about

mission & history
landscape design
bids/rfps
the tropical garden magazine
board of trustees
staff
employment opportunities
policies
strategic plan
financial reports
in the news


faq
shop

plants & tropical fruit
garden shop
rare plant auction


get tickets







shop

plants & tropical fruit

rare plant auction


become a member

get tickets


my account

















visit our tropical oasis
explore the wonders and beauty of tropical plants and nature at fairchild.

get tickets






valentine's day concert
enjoy a night filled with live performances, delicious food, and the beautiful ambiance of the garden, creating the perfect atmosphere for a memorable celebration with your partner, friends, or family.

buy tickets 






luck of the leprechaun
embark on an enchanting quest to find the secret locations of the leprechaun’s luck!

get tickets






orchid festival
experience all things orchids in a weekend celebration of the worlds most coveted plant!

buy tickets 
























						"i just ordered 3 tickets for myself and neighbors! i went to fairchild today and had a great time walking and taking beautiful photos!"					









						"the waterfall with the lotus, it is a place of peace, and the place of the butterflies! thank you by this beautiful place and thanks you to volunteers!"					









						"i love to go to visit the gardens at fairchild! it’s so restorative and peaceful. it sparks joy to be here. i love to meditate by the lovely floating flowers. "					









						"i live nearby and go to fairchild almost every sunday, it’s such a peaceful place to be, breathe, and enjoy nature! i ordered a native orchid starter kit recently and can’t wait - it’s definitely new!! they have done a great job cleaning that greenhouse up, it looks brand new."					









						"fairchild tropical botanic garden, thank you. we have been members and made donations in the past. we love this place and love to tell others about it. thank you so much!"					









						"we had a great, magical night at fairchild tropical botanic garden enhanced by the live music."					









						"i love fairchild! i’ve been there several times and it is always lovely."					









						"one of the most beautiful places in the u.s.a."					









						"i’m member so i come to fairchild very often. there are always flowers in bloom and lots of butterflies."					









						"i love fairchild, it’s my happy place. i’ve been a member for years."					









						"get a membership and return many times for free! fairchild is a great place to walk and relax!"					









						"i visit fairchild at least a couple of times a month. there’s always an event, flowers blooming, beautiful butterflies and so much space for walking."					









						"we went for a walk around fairchild last week and had lunch there for my grandma’s 97th birthday. it was so much fun!"					









						"one of my favorite places ever!"					









						"just got home with plenty of beautiful flowers from fairchild. i found everything i was looking for and more at good prices. what an awesome day!"					









						"it’s beautiful! i was there today with my husband, and it was a spectacular experience learning about so many types of tropical trees and all over the planet. the flowers, butterflies and panoramic pics are gorgeous. thank you!"					









						"a true south florida treasure!"					









						"simply beautiful…looking to go here? go!"					









						"by far, one of the best private parks/gardens. very open and friendly."					









						"what i love most about fairchild tropical botanical gardens is the energy. such a lovely place to go to be letting all the positive vibrations enter your mind and soul."					









						"fairchild has a 90 minute free tour by outstanding guides on a 12- seater trolleys. excellent for those who can't walk far. beautiful greenery. many lizards, geckos, butterflies. here and the beautiful leafy coral gables area is definitely worth a visit for tourists."					









						"this place is magical! any day, every time of the year we discover new marvels."					









						"a very special place. after a visit to these beautiful grounds it feels like you’ve “been away.” you don’t have to be a horticulturalist or botanist to enjoy the beauty of the grounds."					









						"what a beautiful, well-kept place to explore nature!"					









						"this place is huge. so well maintained. beautiful beyond words. i felt like i was walking around a fairytale garden and park. the best garden i've ever been too."					









						"i absolutely love this place. please be sure to take the tram ride. our guide was wonderful and fun and i learned a lot about florida being from ny. please also check out the butterfly garden it was magical."					









						"a beautiful gem tucked away from the hustle and bustle of miami. a café is on site with tasty treats for the family and a small bar with some rotating choices for beer and mixed drinks."					









						"it is an enchanted garden by any measure. dozens of different palms, multiple types of bananas, great variety of orchids and begonias. it is wide open. though there are many visitors one feels alone with only butterflies and singing birds for company. be prepared to spend a whole day."					































vote for fairchild as best botanical garden!
we’re thrilled to share that fairchild tropical botanic garden has been nominated for best botanical garden in the usa today 10best readers’ choice awards!  voting opens monday, february 10 at noon est and closes monday, march 10 at 11:59 am edt. the top 10 winners will be announced on wednesday, march 19 at noon edt. - vote daily and spread the word!












the music of carnival 
an absolute must-attend experience! with a dynamic blend of live samba, bossa nova, and tropical beats from trio de janeiro, plus the infectious energy of dj lupa, this evening promises to be a celebration of rhythm, culture, and unforgettable memories. whether you're enjoying the vibrant garden with family, friends, or that special someone, every moment will be filled with magic, fun, and the spirit of carnival. don't miss out on the best way to spend a night under the stars!












luck of the leprechaun
experience the magic of fairchild as you embark on a whimsical adventure fit for all ages! whether you’re a local, a visitor, or looking for family fun, our garden has something special in store for you. your quest? to uncover hidden treasures and unravel the secrets of the luck of the leprechaun’s —all while enjoying the lush beauty of fairchild’s blooms and landscapes.












orchid festival 
experience all things orchids in a weekend celebration of the worlds most coveted plant!












sip & stroll
step into the garden after dark and immerse yourself in our sip & stroll series. whether you're here with family, friends, or a special someone, it's the ideal way to enjoy a joyful evening under the stars.












classes with our experts
join us for art, horticulture, culinary, and more!












the fairchild app
download our app for a fully interactive garden experience.












family fun
at fairchild, there is always something for the whole family to enjoy. adventure awaits around every corner!












shop fairchild plants
transform your home garden into your very own tropical paradise!












garden weddings
say “i do” in your very own tropical oasis. your dream wedding at the garden awaits.












volunteer
join the fairchild family! learn more about how you can become a fairchild volunteer!












rare plant auction
interested in rare plants? purchase your next plant from our ebay nursery plant collection.












dog dates
join us at the garden for some fresh air and fun with your pup.












join the fairchild family
make a difference and become a member at the garden today!












birthdays at fairchild
children’s birthdays are such a special occasion and what better place to celebrate than at the garden.












science & education
discover the beauty and value of nature at the garden.












the fairchild challenge
register your school today for our award-winning environmental science competition!












million orchid project
join the native orchid reintroduction program for south florida. purchase a restoration kit today!












connect to protect
donate to a citizen science program and connect the few remaining isolated fragments of pine rockland. 












field trips at fairchild
take a live or virtual adventure through the garden that will immerse students in unique ecosystems.












bird walks
enjoy an early morning bird walk in a tropical oasis.












fairchild on lincoln
we have reimagined the landscape of lincoln road as a botanic garden!











stay connected

 



















hours & admission
fairchild is open every day except for christmas, december 25
 















hours
10:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
admission
fairchild members                                free
adults                                $24.95
child (6-17)                                 $11.95
students (with valid id)                                 $15.95
seniors (65 and over)                                 $17.95
in-garden tram rides                                free
parking                                free
location


							
							10901 old cutler rd, miami, fl 33156 

membersget tickets
non-membersbuy tickets






25 minutes
miami international airport







32 minutes
miami beach







9 minutes
university of miami







glasshouse café menu 











follow the latest @fairchildgarden 
















get tickets














tickets
membershipfairchild hours & admissionevents 
app






contact
contact us
media inquiries
in the news
blog
faq

location

            10901 old cutler roadmiami, florida 33156          


garden map


          ▸
          see the map        




©
			2025			fairchild tropical botanic garden. all rights
					reserved		  

privacy policy


fairchild tropical botanic garden is an equal opportunity organization. we celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or disability. we do not tolerate hate or discrimination of any kind.






 




x

 














































































































