









mooncircles










































































menuhomeleo full moon: be the lightat the leo full moon, we all have a chance to become the light. we can rise into our power, …read more »leo full moon: filled with your own lightthere is only way to detach yourself from the gravitational pull of larger satellites, and that is to place yourself …read more »leo full moon banishing ritualthis is a potent full moon for banishing! the times are chaotic and tense and it's easy to feel overpowered, weak, …read more » closefree astrologychartyour birthmoon phasedana’s moonworkshopthe astrologyof blissastrologyreportssessionswith dana


astrology readings with danai believe in life, in the archetypes, and the capacity of people to write better and better stories for themselves. …read more »

astrology mentoringare you an astrology student who’d like to turn pro? hoping to read charts with greater insight and accuracy?  desiring a boost in confidence? …read more »boundaries & emotional mastery sessionsfrom the beginning, my 12th house moon has attracted plenty of likeminded spirits i call “energy sensitives,” whose intuitively gifted natures benefit …read more » closebooks[widget area]


dana's ebooksdana’s writing… brings the meaning of the planets to life like no other writer in this field. she’s the meryl streep of astrological writers: …” jeff jawer, the mountain astrologer …read more »

 
free ebooks“it took me years to learn each of these simple principles, and with each one, my moon practice deepened. may they do the same for you!” …read more »books we lovelooking for a good read?   mooncircles authors share a few of the great books on their shelves. read more » closestore

mooncirclesmoon astrology  current moon ritual








contact
subscribe
view cart
facebook
instagram




 



leo full moon
wednesday, february 12, 2025
5:53 am pst/8:53 am est
moon at 24.06 leo, sun at 24.06 aquarius						




 



the three new moon questions   free to subscribers!  this little gem by dana is distilled from over twenty years of working directly with new moon energy.
join our list and receive your gift 




 



the moon is not just concepts, it's an experience.  are you having yours? wherever you're starting from, you'll go deeper with dana's monthly moon workshop.learn more 





leo full moon: be the light
by simone butler

at the leo full moon, we all have a chance to become the light. we can rise into our power, expose things as they truly are, and help catalyze needed change. quick thinking may be necessary, as surprising news is apt to be revealed, for good or ill – perhaps involving tech and/or financial issues. but it’s also a fine time to express your true self in creative or even outrageous ways.
read the full article »»

 

leo full moon: filled with your own light
by april elliott kent

there is only way to detach yourself from the gravitational pull of larger satellites, and that is to place yourself at the center of your own solar system. be the one who sings the melody. wear the quirky outfit that makes you feel beautiful. when you laugh, your eyes sparkle. when you speak from your heart, you’re thrilling to behold. 
read the full article »»

 

leo full moon banishing ritual
by dana gerhardt

this is a potent full moon for banishing! the times are chaotic and tense and it’s easy to feel overpowered, weak, and downhearted.  if you’re open and up for anything, with the full moon in leo, you may want to banish all the swirling negativities inside and outside yourself, so you can find your strength again. this ritual is designed to promote personal and collective well-being. 
read the full article »»

 

leo full moon asana:  play is medicine
by jenn falk

leo links us to both spine and heart. what’s the connection?  it starts with the yogic idea that life force—kundalini energy—rests at the base of the spine.  as we open our hearts, using breath, movement, and creative expression, the kundalini can slowly rise into the heart.  how wonderful!
read the full article »»

 

3-minute moon ritual
by dana gerhardt

drawing down the moon… imagine above you the round glowing disc of the moon, bathing you in a protective circle of light. vibrant with energy, your space is transformed, filled with the purity of spirit. stand and raise your arms above your head. let your palms face each other and curve slightly toward the moon. […]
read the full article »»

 
 
aquarius new moon: snake power
by simone butler

in ancient times, goddess temples were often home to venomous snakes. the sensuous, undulating snake became associated with female sexuality and enchantment on one hand and darkness and cunning on the other. as we work to reclaim our feminine power in these last-gasp times of patriarchal dominance, we’re called to reactivate the snake power within.
read the full article »»

 

8 gifts of the dark moon
by dana gerhardt

dark moon nights are moonless. the sky is indeed darker—which actually makes the canopy of stars more visible. likewise we can now see the inner worlds of body and mind more clearly. we get a keener view of our own mysteries. so important is it to take our seat in this darkened theater, that our body slows us down to do it—at least once a month—and for longer stretches, at key moments throughout our lives.
read the full article »»

 

it’s calling you! the aquarius new moon
by dana gerhardt

if  you’re feeling edgy, itchy, and irritated, know this is another way aquarius is calling you.  if you find yourself shouting “no!” to something you’ve tolerated too long, aquarius is prodding you.  in big or small ways, when you tune into aquarius, you’ll feel the urge for a better future.
read the full article »»

 

aquarius new moon asana
by jenn falk

aquarius is the sign of the water bearer. a fine posture for this new moon is one that allows us to perceive the fluids and emotions that are flowing inside. we first take our seat and make ourselves into a steady vessel, the water pitcher for the real  and subtle waters within.
read the full article »»

 

3-minute moon ritual
by dana gerhardt

3-minute new moon ritual ground your body, clear your mind… become aware of your body. notice how gravity holds and connects you to earth. it’s as though your body is an ancient stone temple—solid, strong, secure. sanctify this temple. imagine a priestess is pouring sacred water and scattering rose petals, all the way down, from […]
read the full article »»

 
 

 


the moon is in itsdisseminating phase

in thesign of scorpio

today's lunar aspects (greenwich mean time)(subtract: pst -8 hours, pdt -7 hours, est -5 hours, edt -4 hours)

moon square pluto, 5:34am  feb 18 2025
moon trine mercury, 3:55pm  feb 18 2025
moon trine sun, 9:37pm  feb 18 2025



venus is currently the evening starin the sign of aries
enroll in dana gerhardt’s moon workshop!your venus unleashed!moonshadow eclipse reportmoonprints lunar reportsteven forrest’s transit/progression reportmary shea’s solar return reportjohn townley’s lunar return report


© 2000 - 2025 mooncircles.com



astrologers use a variety of house systems, or methods of dividing up the sky into twelve sections. i use the porphyry house system; another popular house system is placidus (this is the default on https://astro.com). if the chart i send you looks different from what you are used to seeing, then likely a system other than porphyry was used. whole signs, equal house, regiomantus, and campanus are examples of other systems. if you find all of this confusing, do not worry. it is likely not critical to your report.


			×			





m  conjunction:  like peas in a pod, planets in conjunction tend to come from the same place. they act together, but it’s also hard to tell them apart. this aspect can increase talent, focus, and intensity (“two are better than one”). or one planet can disappear as the other dominates. their connection feels so natural, it’s easy to think everyone blends these planetary energies just as you do—but mostly, they don’t!.
p  sextile:  planets in sextile are compatible, though without any fireworks. this aspect doesn’t demand your attention. it quietly presents an opportunity. you can join these archetypal forces. donna cunningham has called this the “oh, that!” aspect, because that’s generally what her clients say when she describes their benefits.  to get the most from sextiles you need to actively work them.

q  square:  squares are wild and wonderful—but difficult too. the power struggle between these planets was likely defined in your youth, when they were impossibly challenging. people are usually aware of their squares. they force the issues that make you to grow. and that’s their gift. they ensure you learn your lessons. when you rise to the occasion, they bless you with energy, action, and success.

r  trine:  michael munkasey has dubbed this the “goddess aspect” because it’s so lovely. identifying talents you may have perfected in a previous life, trines can bring you joy. there’s a nice flow of energy between planets in trine. they support and reinforce each another. but without any struggle, you might take them for granted—neither using nor developing their gifts. an unattended trine can sometimes trick you into negative behaviors.

t  inconjunct/quincunx:  your quincunx planets are innately incompatible. bringing them into harmonious expression requires constant adjustments. this can be stressful, also motivating. you’ve got to keep changing your process, opinions or attitude—which promotes highly creative solutions.
u  opposition:  they say opposites attract—and planets in opposition are never far from each other, though they’re constantly bickering. you may be triggered into awareness of this aspect by other people who seem to resist or undermine you.  an opposition can make you feel uncertain, insecure, or discontent, until you can accept and see yourself in both energies. typically people find it easier to identify with one side and project the other onto unsuspecting others in the outer world.



			×			





first house: personality, physical body, beginnings. includes the ascendant and rules physical appearance, the image you project to others, your general outlook on life, how you start things; may describe your role in your family system, often guides your first impression of immediate environment.
second house: money and personal finances, sense of self-worth and basic values, personal possessions, talents.
third house: communication, thoughts, language skills like writing and speaking, early schooling, siblings and neighbors, short trips, coming and going around town.
fourth house: your home, psychological foundations and roots, family, parents, domestic life, instinctive behavior, ancestry, your connection with the past, sense of security, domestic life, real estate. conditions at the end of life.
fifth house: children, creativity, romance; pleasure, entertainment, self-expression; all forms of “play”, speculation, gambling, and attitude towards taking risks; hobbies, attitude towards romance, lovers as opposed to partners, attitude towards having fun.
sixth house: work and job (as opposed to career), daily life, attitude towards service and coworkers, helpfulness, pets, attitude towards routine and organization, how you refine and perfect your skills.
seventh house: partnerships, one-to-one relationships, marriage, the first marriage, the “significant other”, business partnerships, competitors, open enemies, lawyers, mediators, counselors, contracts, negotiations, agreements. clients/the public.
eighth house: transformations and crisis, your ability to meet and rebound from crisis and change, sexuality; sex, death and rebirth, rituals and personal growth, your partner’s resources, addictions, psychology, other people’s money, taxes, divorce/alimony, inheritance.
ninth house: attitude toward expanding horizons, religious beliefs and personal philosophy, higher education, long-distance travel, morals, foreign languages and cultures, personal truths, publishing, commerce, advertising, your sense of adventure.
tenth house: career and profession, your contribution to society, social status, public reputation, material success, how you carve out a public identity for yourself; attitude toward authority figures, parents, caregivers, bosses, governments, attitude towards responsibility, desire for achievement.
eleventh house: friends, groups, organizations; hopes, wishes, aspirations, personal goals; your philanthropic attitude, concern for the collective, humanity; like tenth, can bring recognition and honors for fulfilling hopes and dreams.
twelfth house: what’s hidden beneath the surface, karmic dustbin, limiting childhood/past-life messages, self-undoing, hidden enemies, hidden weaknesses, dreams, secret affairs, lost items, hospitals and prisons, hidden strengths, spiritual studies and soul growth.



			×			





a  sun: our vitality and magnetism; self-identity, ego.
roles: the self, the hero, the performer, the king.
b  moon: intuition, emotion, nurture.
roles: the mother, the high priestess, the child.
c  mercury: mind; physical dexterity and mental agility.
roles: the thinker, the communicator, the student, the trickster, the merchant, the thief.
d  venus: our capacity for pleasure, receptivity, creativity, and social connection. also indicates our relationships, self esteem, and financial abundance.
roles: the lover, the seductress, the artist.
e  mars: desire, initiative, anger.
roles: the protector, the athlete, the warrior.
f  jupiter: luck, opportunity, expansion, higher learning, religion.
roles: the scholar, the gypsy, the traveler, the monk, the professor.
g  saturn: hard work, commitment, focus, inadequacy, leadership, suffering, loss.
roles: the task master, the grim reaper, the wise old man, the builder, the cynic, the boss.
h  uranus: change, breakthroughs, upsets, discoveries.
roles: the revolutionary, the humanitarian, the visionary, the snob.
i  neptune: imagination, spirituality, idealism, addictions, deception, compassion.
roles: the artist, the romantic, the guru, the addict, the martyr, the victim.
j  pluto: transformation, power, psychological dynamics, helplessness.
roles: the terrorist, the detective, the psychotherapist, the dictator, shady people.


			×			





a  aries: pioneering, competitive, selfish, impatient, courageous, reckless, independent, dynamic, domineering, “me first!”
b  taurus: patient, stable, lazy, dependable, practical, sensual, stubborn, artistic, possessive, greedy, gentle, loyal.
c  gemini: intelligent, curious, adaptable, quick-witted, restless, clever, scatterbrained, lacking follow-through.
d  cancer: nourishing, intuitive, protective, moody, sensitive, maternal, domestic, childish, cautious, creative.
e  leo: proud, dignified, vain, expressive, romantic, generous, childish, overbearing, self-assured, creative.
f  virgo: perfection-seeking, practical, methodical, petty, critical, studious, discriminating, cautious, never satisfied.
g  libra: charming, sociable, peace-loving, refined, diplomatic, artistic, indecisive, apathetic, easily deterred.
h  scorpio: passionate, secretive, penetrating, resourceful, suspicious, manipulative, jealous, sarcastic, intolerant, determined, aware.
i  sagittarius: freedom-loving, philosophical, optimistic, enthusiastic, careless, impatient, talkative, a know-it-all, broadminded, athletic, honest.
j  capricorn: serious, responsible, practical, hardworking, stubborn, brooding, inhibited, status-conscious, domineering, unforgiving.
k  aquarius: progressive, individualistic, unpredictable, cold, intellectual, artistic, eccentric, shy, impersonal, scientific.
l  pisces: compassionate, intuitive, ungrounded, romantic, impractical, self-sacrificing, seductive, musical, artistic.


			×			














