




 






temple bay yam-oc berlin maryland



















































 


home
about

about us
temple bat yam’s 25th anniversary — celebration of its building
the story of our stained glass windows
the story of our torahs
current rabbi
past rabbis
temple bat yam community

sisterhood
bagels & books
social committee


temple bat yam gift shop
boards & committees
membership
planned-giving initiative
tby newsletter
testimonials
videos


get involved

stand up to jewish hate
year round mitzvahs
the tby library
hal glick distinguished service award


education
worship

weekly shabbat services
holidays & community events
interfaith service in support of israel and peace in the middle east and the world
sponsor an oneg


donate
calendar
contact us

contact us
directions
membership


 












 



 

 






















 

 


                                                                    welcome to temple bat yam                                                            


  

 


                                                                    a warm inclusive reform congregation                                                            


  

 


                                                                    teach our children                                                            


  

 


                                                                    holiday services                                                            


 











welcome to our templeserving the growing jewish population on the delmarva peninsula, temple bat yam is a reform jewish congregation committed to the ideals and eternal truths of judaism. our intent is to maintain the traditions and lessons of our rich heritage while respecting the realities and integrity of interfaith marriages and interfaith families. we encourage participation by all family members and spouses in our congregational life, despite religious diversity within a household. we believe the spiritual interests of both our congregation and those of our interfaith couples and families are best served by inclusion within the nurturing community of temple bat yam. 




  





                                                view all events                                        





upcoming events




                        tue                        18





adult education with the rabbi





						feb 18 @ 2:00pm						-
						4:00pm					





                        thu                        20





torah study with the rabbi





						feb 20 @ 10:30am						-
						12:00pm					





                        sun                        23





religious school





						feb 23 @ 9:30am						-
						12:00pm					





                        tue                        25





adult education with the rabbi





						feb 25 @ 2:00pm						-
						4:00pm					





                        thu                        27





torah study with the rabbi





						feb 27 @ 10:30am						-
						12:00pm					





                        sun                        02





religious school





						mar 02 @ 9:30am						-
						12:00pm					








tribute to cheryl taustincheryl taustin was a beacon of love, talent, and joy within the temple bat yam community. her impact was profound, touching countless lives from salisbury to ocean city and beyond. if 100 rabbis had served the tby congregation, they would all agree on how beloved cheryl was, how she embodied joy and beauty, and how […]rabbi emerita susan warshawrabbi warshaw served as our rabbi for ten years, retiring in 2018. as a tribute to her many contributions, our temple bestowed emerita status for rabbi warshaw. see past rabbi’s for more information.rabbi arthur s. rutberg, ddrabbi rutberg serves our congregation and the greater jewish community with over thirty-eight years of experience in the rabbinate and with the american jewish community.  rabbi rutberg grew up in new york city graduating from new york university with his bachelor’s degree in judaic studies and psychology.  he earned a masters degree in hebrew literature […]learningtemple bat yam practices the jewish tradition of life-long learning. whether you are interested in religious school for your children, learning more about your heritage, discovering the similarities among judaism and other faiths, studying mussar, preparing for a b’nai mitzvah or exploring conversion to judaism, temple bat yam’s rabbi and lay-leadership delivers.fellowshiptemple bat yam is a busy place! our sisterhood, social activites, social action, fundraising, social committee, membership and ritual committees schedule many religious and non-religious events throughout the year.our role in the communitytby helps with community service projects at coastal hospice, local food pantries, deer’s head hospital. we collect food for the shepherd’s nook at community church in ocean pines. we also sponsor mitzvah day, a once a year event that supports many local charities with specific one-time needs. shown above is the hard working religious school […]  

 




testimonials 







bonnie & steve kirschbaum

 

“in search for a temple home”steve and i retired from ellicott city, maryland in 2016 and we relocated to selbyville, delaware!  in columbia, maryland and ellicott city, the majority of the temple’s used the interfaith centers and we eventually joined a temple in laurel, maryland where our children had their b’nai mitzvah.  we dropped out shortly thereafter.  we didn’t feel comfortable there and welcomed as they had their founding congregants.  we found temple bat yam while riding our tandem bike to berlin on many occasions and were very curious.  while volunteering at freeman stage, we met a tby congregant who invited us to services.  the first year we had a gifted membership and the rest is history.  temple bat yam has become our jewish home.  we have more friends now that are considered family!!  people are warm, inviting and friendly.  i have been involved on the sisterhood board for many years and help on different committees!  steve is currently the zoom expert and is involved with other activities.  we have enjoyed the many classes, social events and services. 






barbara & marvin garber

marvin and i have been members of temple bat yam since september 2016.  we moved from central jersey to delaware and felt it was vitally important to join a synagogue. fortunately for us, our daughter lives in ocean pines and introduced us to the reform congregation that was in berlin …temple bat yam. we are so glad we joined our vibrant, warm and caring congregation. the temple is a welcoming place to pray, to learn and to create life-long friendships. we met one of our dearest couple friends outside of the temple and started to attend events with them.  it was not long before marv and i felt embraced by so many tby members. we now have a circle of dear, dear friends that we see in temple and outside of the temple. our experience with rabbi rutberg and his beautiful wife sara has been one of the highlights of our temple life.  our temple family are our dear friends, our support system and people we love.  how fortunate marv and i feel to have found this beautiful jewish community here on the eastern shore. 






joyce cohen

temple bat yam has given me a most wonderful link to my jewish heritage and observance in an area where few jews reside. the friday night shabbat services led by rabbi rutberg are inspiring and fulfilling. the camaraderie i have experienced with fellow congregants, many of whom have become dear friends, has added a very important dimension to my life here, on delmarva!  






shelley klapholz

until i came to the area and joined temple bat yam, i never felt that feeling of community and because of this, i’ve become more and more involved in temple life.  right from the start, i felt an immediate warmth and fellow congregants went out of their way to make me feel included.  if you get involved, you will not regret it.  one of the best things i did was to join tby’s sisterhood.  what a wonderful and warm group of women. my husband and i began tby’s social committee and we have had some wonderful activities for the entire family and we plan many more. the most important thing to remember about temple bat yam is its service to the jewish community and all of our friends and neighbors.  when you need us, we will be there with you.  we will laugh and smile with you, and we will cry and grieve with you.  at temple bat yam we are one big family.  if you join us, you will see what i mean… there is a difference.   


















 









from the union for reform judaism / reform movement meet four black jewish leadersmeet four black jewish leaders
jemerman
february 7, 2025

jews of color

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              black jews continue to help shape our society, emerging as social justice leaders, writers, chefs, actors, and more. i hope you'll enjoy learning about these black jewish influencers whose intersectional identities have influenced their work.


      supporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging momentsupporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging moment
jemerman
february 6, 2025

racial equity, diversity, & inclusion (redi) communities of belonging

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              welcoming the stranger, or immigrant, is a core part of jewish tradition, mentioned 36 times in the torah. we affirm our commitment to create the same opportunities for today's immigrants that were so valuable to our own community not so many years ago.


      experiencing a divorce? you are not aloneexperiencing a divorce? you are not alone
jemerman
january 17, 2025

divorce

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              starting from the torah we see that divorce is acceptable in judaism, that not all marriages are meant to last, and that one or both individuals in the couple have their reasons.


      unlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrasesunlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrases
jemerman
january 17, 2025

jewish life around the world

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              growing up in seattle, i was fortunate to be surrounded by the city's vibrant sephardi jewish community. seattle, with its large sephardi population, was the perfect place to grow up immersed in the language and flavors of this unique jewish culture.


       



↑



 rss scroller


 




temple bat yam address 11036 worcester hwy, berlin, md 21811
410-641-4311
templebatyam97@aol.com

 





												© 2025 urj
			








 
 












