












american bar endowment (abe) | life & disability insurance




































































skip to content




american bar endowment (abe)
life & disability insurance


apply now
make payment
1-800-621-8981


search for:





















 
get protection. give back.
the american bar endowment (abe) is a not-for-profit public charity. abe-sponsored insurance plans are designed to generate dividends, which our members can choose to donate to abe. these contributions help fund law-related research and public service programs.












insurance programs 


life insurance
disability insurance
supplemental insurance


charitable mission


opportunity grants
aba fund for justice and  education (fje)
 american bar foundation  (abf)
 charitable gift fund
 dividends assignment
 legal legacy fund


resources
about


abe news
board of directors





































high quality insurance and exclusive rates for bar association members1

















high quality insurance






abe offers group insurance from new york life,2 exclusively for bar association members.

















term
life
insurance >









disability
insurance >









supplemental
insurance >

















the american bar endowment is pleased to announce that through an arrangement with harris bank, we now accept online credit card payments.  premium payments can be made with mastercard, visa, or discover. you can also still make payments using your checking or savings account. payments can be one time or you can register for an account so that future payments will be quicker and easier to make.
please go to our new secure convenience payment site: https://secure.directbiller.com/pbills/payer/welcomedirect.do?h=m1ezg7z3tez. the link is also available on our website: www.abendowment.org.





























the 2024 abe opportunity grant cycle is now closed.
for information, forms, and deadlines, please go to opportunity grants page

















for information on the 2024 annual meeting of members go to https://abendowment.org/abe-news/

















1the terms "bar association member" and member when used in this website mean a practicing lawyer who is a member of the american bar association (aba) or any entity that is represented in the aba's house of delegates, including state and many local and specialty bar association. a list of all such entities is available at https://abendowment.org/resources.
2underwritten by new york life insurance company, ny, ny on policy form gmr.





























your generosity made $8 million in grants possible for 2023






the 2024 abe opportunity grant cycle is now closed.
for information and the application go to opportunity grants 






learn more about our charitable giving























providing 80 years of service






“abe was an easy choice for me with their exclusively priced coverages and accessibility to the insurance i need. it is an added bonus that abe supports critical and impactful work within the legal profession and the communities we serve."






– tamara nash, vermillion, sd






the experience of the people described in this material may not be representative of the experiences of other members.

















call 1-800-621-8981 to speak with an abe insurance plan specialist.



















 

p 1-800-621-8981
information@abenet.org
321 north clark street
chicago il 60654-7648




linkshome
insurance programs

life insurance
disability insurance
supplemental insurance


charitable mission

opportunity grants
aba fund for justice and education (fje)
american bar foundation (abf)
charitable gift fund
dividend assignment
legal legacy fund





linksresources
about

abe news
board of directors







© 2025 american bar endowment. all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms of useabeweb21



























