     stevens creek nissan | santa clara & san jose, ca nissan dealer | stevens creek nissan                                

                            
















stevens creek nissan








call 888-858-2198


4855 steven creek blvd.
santa clara, ca 95051
                                 







service







map







contact






















stevens creek nissan




      call 888-858-2198   directions    

                 new   pre-owned   view all pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles     electric   nissan ev center   ev faq     service/parts   service department   schedule service   service & parts specials   parts department   shop for tires   express service   recall lookup     finance & specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   nissan college graduate program   nissan military program   get pre-approved   kbb instant cash offer     about   about   contact us   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers    our blog   ccpa requests   view ccpa policies   sms policy     phone numbers          view all new vehicles   2025 nissan model lineup   nissan sports cars   nissan model showroom   buy@home          15 models shop new           nissan altima    shop  learn more           nissan ariya    shop  learn more           nissan armada    shop  learn more           nissan frontier    shop  learn more           nissan gt-r    shop  learn more           nissan kicks    shop  learn more           nissan leaf    shop  learn more           nissan murano    shop  learn more           nissan pathfinder    shop  learn more           nissan rogue    shop  learn more           nissan sentra    shop  learn more           nissan titan    shop  learn more         not in stock   nissan titan xd not in stock    check availability          nissan versa    shop  learn more           nissan z    shop  learn more       new vehicles view our full inventory of new vehicles                      home   new     15 models shop new           nissan altima    shop  learn more           nissan ariya    shop  learn more           nissan armada    shop  learn more           nissan frontier    shop  learn more           nissan gt-r    shop  learn more           nissan kicks    shop  learn more           nissan leaf    shop  learn more           nissan murano    shop  learn more           nissan pathfinder    shop  learn more           nissan rogue    shop  learn more           nissan sentra    shop  learn more           nissan titan    shop  learn more         not in stock   nissan titan xd not in stock    check availability          nissan versa    shop  learn more           nissan z    shop  learn more       new vehicles view our full inventory of new vehicles           view all new vehicles   2025 nissan model lineup   nissan sports cars   nissan model showroom   buy@home       pre-owned   view all pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles     electric   nissan ev center   ev faq     service/parts   service department   schedule service   service & parts specials   parts department   shop for tires   express service   recall lookup     finance & specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   nissan college graduate program   nissan military program   get pre-approved   kbb instant cash offer     about   about   contact us   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers    our blog   ccpa requests   view ccpa policies   sms policy     phone numbers         




new specials

view specials


schedule your service

schedule today




    




    vehicles available    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified all    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       




                                                                                                                                                               disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                  















schedule service
go 










get financing
go 










current offers
go 










value your trade
go 






      search new inventory     search used inventory        



our vehicles
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.






ariya





rogue





pathfinder





versa





sentra





altima





nissan leaf





z





gt-r





kicks





murano





armada





frontier





titan





titan xd



explore all new inventory


          
2024 ariya
inspired by the future. designed for the now.
nissan ariya’s range and performance vary by trim. choose from up to 304 miles (venture+ only) of pure driving excitement, the confidence of the available dual motor e-4orce™ all-wheel drive, going 0-60 mph in as little as 4.8 seconds, and plenty of other options in between. with this many choices, you’ll find just what you need.
view inventory

      


stevens creek nissan
located in santa clara, ca
here at stevens creek nissan we're all about giving hope. hope to our san jose area community and hope to our valued customers! if you're hoping to secure a reliable nissan vehicle that can tackle those santa clara daily errands or take charge of the open road during that out of state excursion, then head over to our dealership where we make that hope a reality! we offer a terrific selection of nissan vehicles plus the financing options you want for all credit types.
more about us




       







sales hours     monday 9:00am - 8:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 8:00pm    

     

stay in touch

                                 
          top selection of new, used & certified pre-owned nissans
you'll be impressed with all the new nissan models we have in stock, like the versatile nissan altima, or the nissan leaf ev, and shocked at the high quality of our pre-owned vehicles. our dedication to service and commitment to saving our customers money has earned us a reputation around san jose and across the bay area of being a dealership for the people! we invite you over to stevens creek nissan to experience this for yourself and to get a hands-on look at our entire lineup of new nissan models available nissan certified pre-owned vehicles.


save money on quality used & certified pre-owned nissans!
our dealership offers used cars for sale as well, so don't miss your opportunity to secure a quality pre-owned mode of transportation that boasts an affordable price tag! shop our nissan certified inventory today. stevens creek nissan can even help you value your trade-in so you can make an informed decision about the right time to upgrade your vehicle! when it comes to buying pre-owned you don't want to trust just any used car dealership. use our online form to get started or visit us now to browse our inventory of used cars in santa clara, ca and experience unmatched customer satisfaction.
there are so many ways we can help you acquire the nissan frontier or other nissan model you're after; talk to our finance department about your car loan options. we've helped drivers with less than perfect credit and can help you secure financing for your sub-prime rating. submit our online credit application to get your information quickly into the hands of our professionals!




best nissan service in the san jose area
when it comes time to give your nissan sentra the extra attention it deserves, head over to stevens creek nissan in santa clara! our nissan service department is fully staffed with friendly certified technicians who are eager to get to the root of the problem and help get you safely back on the road while saving money! check out our nissan service and parts specials and book an appointment online now to take care of that oil change! we have rental services available as well if you're dealing with a larger mechanical issue and our nissan one to one rewards program will help keep your visits here affordable!


easy nissan shopping
shop for a nissan maxima from the comfort of your san jose area home! our nissan dealership has made our entire inventory available online so you can do a general search right now from your couch! if you prefer to have a more hands-on experience, our sales department team members are ready and waiting to welcome you over to our santa clara location. we'll walk you through your options and get you set up with a test drive!
no matter your vehicle needs, let stevens creek nissan be your automotive guide! thanks for shopping our website, we hope to see you at our santa clara, ca location soon.




    
taxes not included on service and parts specials.
warning: operating, servicing, and maintaining a passenger vehicle or off-road vehicle can expose you to chemicals including engine exhaust, carbon monoxide, phthalates, and lead, which are known to the state of california to cause cancer and congenital disabilities or other reproductive harm. to minimize exposure, avoid breathing exhaust, do not idle the engine except as necessary, service your vehicle in a well-ventilated area and wear gloves or wash your hands frequently when servicing your vehicle. for more information, go to www.p65warnings.ca.gov/passenger-vehicle

              | stevens creek nissan | 4855 steven creek blvd., santa clara, ca 95051 | sales: 888-858-2198 | contact us  | privacy  | do not sell my personal information  | sitemap | nissanusa.com             















 











                     