








sacramento splash - splash























































 

















skip to content










programs

investigating vernal pools
splash in the class
youth environmental leadership camp (yelc)
project awe
public tours
private programs


learning resources

vernal pools
critters
plants
teacher’s quick links


about us

our mission & vision
staff
board of trustees
sponsors
annual reports


news
get involved

donate
sponsor
volunteer
job openings
subscribe to e-newsletter


contact
 

search




donate








connecting kids with nature



time spent in nature is essential to the healthy development of children. splash offers a safe way for kids to enter nature’s outdoor classroom.













the problem
children are growing up in a world full of concrete and electronics. as the world continues to develop, access to and time spent in nature are becoming threatened. children have told us they have never been off the pavement to explore or play! a lack of connection to wild spaces, threatens the future of these natural spaces.









the solution
when children connect with the outdoors and open space—immersed in nature, they are more apt to care about the outdoors and love being there. forming a connection with nature often leaves children feeling healthier, happier and connected to something larger than themselves. these connections often lead to dedication to protecting this scarce resource. splash is passionate about protecting the natural world through ensuring that each new generation understands its impact on nature, and nature’s benefits to humanity.









who we are
we are a small and passionate group of nature-lovers, scientists, and educators working toward ensuring every child has access to forming a connection with the natural world. we train teachers how to teach science in a fun and engaging way. we teach both teachers and students about our natural habitat using our water pollution prevention-focused curricula. knowledge taught in the classroom is applied through a culminating field trip to the splash science center in mather.  splash is passionate about being the region’s resource for environmental outreach and education, and is dedicated to creating the next generation of nature stewards. we are ensuring that every child understands the impact they make on the environment, through the choices made at home and in their community.
learn more
stats last updated: 30 oct 2024 (no awe)







2,992splash in the class presentations delivered



1,777investigating vernal pool field trips delivered



516teachers trained







355project awe field trips to nicolaus dairy delivered



147campers completed the youth environmental leadership camp



199,835students connected to nature







investigatingvernal pools
learn more



splash inthe class
learn more



project awe
learn more



youth environmental leadership camp
learn more



publictours
learn more



privateprograms
learn more









who loves us

 

these resources and directions, etc., are fantastic!  thank you ever so much for this.  talk about thinking outside the box!!!  you and the other splash folks have outdone yourselves.  thank you, thank you.
 

beth conklin, 4th grade teacher, golden empire elem., scusd


 

not only did my class learn a lot, but i did as well. this generation is our future and it is important for them to see different parts of our ecosystem and how it is important to the area. one girl was sad to hear that only 5-10% of the vernal pools still exist. she wants to grow up and make sure they are taken care of.
 

sheila lauk, 5th grade teacher, empire oaks elem., fcusd


 

i would say that was a wonderful field trip! i actually touched a worm for the first time. i learned much more than i knew before! thank you very much for informing me about all of the wonderful things!
 

3rd grade student


 

the fieldtrip was excellent and exceptionally well organized. i would like my future 4th grade class there in the future.
 

4th grade teacher, david reese elementary, egusd


 

our presenter was amazing, and the kids were totally engaged!  i was so impressed at how many of the ngss standards for ca were addressed in the presentation.  it creates a connection to the standards that you won’t want to miss!  i want to do it again next year!  thank you sooo much!
 

mary ann brennan, 5th grade teacher, buckeye union distance learning school, buesd


 

thank you for the extraordinary presentation in teaching me and my classmates all about your job, how to help the environment, and a bunch of different creatures and how they survive in their stream habitat.
 

destiny, 5th grade student, helen carr castello elem., egusd


 

by the second day, our daughter was brainstorming ideas to fundraise for team trees, discussing our plastic bottle use with us and telling us all about strykette (the rattlesnake). she took even more of an interest than we expected and she learned a ton about climate change. all around this was a fantastic experience. we’re excited to see her want to be part of the solution to some of our environmental problems and we’re happy to help her get some trees planted. special thanks to the field trip location hosts. she’s never before been to a farm or seen a waste management facility. again, fantastic program!
 

laura m., parent


 

it was a great experience! i learned lots of things about nature and how we can help the earth. this camp was the best camp i have been to and was a life long experience. i will always remember it. this inspired me to get more into nature careers and ways to help the earth.
 

xyrus o., camp participant












get involved
splash cannot do what we do without the generosity of donors and volunteers like you. if you would like to join us in our effort to connect youth to nature, join us!


learn more


subscribe

























4426 excelsior road
mather, ca 95655

mailing address
po box 3188
rancho cordova, ca  95741				


916-364-2437




info@sacsplash.org







programsinvestigating vernal pools
splash in the class
youth envir. leadership camp (yelc)
project awe
public tours
private programs
 



join our newsletterget updates on upcoming events and what’s happening at the vernal pools.

subscribe 



donate













								© 2024 sacramento splash. all rights reserved.
								website designed by uptown studios | privacy policy | terms of use






 











find out what’s happening at splash with our monthly e-newsletter!
subscribe


			×			
























