










ego - european gravitational observatory - ego - european gravitational observatory



















































































amministrazione trasparente
phonebook
reservation tool
lavora con noi
intranet
ego tds
ego taxi
 












about

mission
organization
staff


science

virgo
r&d and interdisciplinarity
multimessenger
eu projects


what’s up

news
events
calendar
press&media


study & work

jobs
pcto
for scientists
internship


visit us







 


select page


  
 
 






















;










 municipality of pisa and ego: ‘beyond the limit’, an event for schools dedicated to women in science

the municipality of pisa in collaboration with the european gravitational observatory and virgo celebrates on february 11th the international day of women and girls in stem disciplines (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) with an event dedicated to... 
 read more 








 lvk announces an update of the observing schedule

as the third portion of the fourth observing run, o4c, is starting the ligo – virgo – kagra collaboration is announcing an upcoming break from observing to dedicate some time to maintenance and commissioning work, and therefore an extension of the o4 run, that was... 
 read more 








 guido pizzella, one of the fathers of gravitational wave research, has passed away

it is with great sorrow that we learn of the death of guido pizzella, one of the founding fathers of gravitational wave research. together with edoardo amaldi, he founded experimental gravitational wave research in italy in the early 1970s, designing and leading the... 
 read more 








 winners of the virgo award 2024 announced

young researchers mattia boldrini (researcher at the roma section of the italian national institute for nuclear physics – infn) and enzo tapia san martín (researcher at the dutch national institute for subatomic physics – nikhef) are the winners of the fourth edition... 
 read more 














virgo








book a guided tour








resources









contacts
via e. amaldi,556021 cascina (pi) - italytel +39 050 752511contact ushow to reach us



resources
virgo resourcesego resourcesego-virgo newsletter



stay tuned

followfollowfollowfollow



ego is a consortium of

        



 








@ copyright ego 2019
data privacy statement
safety
gender equality plan
sitemap
login
 



designed by ego it dept 




this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. complete policy here:data privacy statement 

cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 
















































