










	office of administrative hearings : welcome page : state of oregon















































































































skip to main content









an official website of the state of oregon
                         learn
how you know »
(how to identify a oregon.gov website)

an official website of the state of oregon »
                    







translate this site into other languages

















toggle main menu







		main navigation
	
panels & hearings arrow_drop_down
representing yourselfada accommodationsother central panels
forms & resources arrow_drop_down
dhs - public assistance and food stamps formsstatutes and rules 
about us arrow_drop_down
about usthe oahcode of ethicscontact us contact us: regional offices

















search this site



submit



close












back to home






                                        office of administrative hearings
                                    

                                        we serve the public by providing impartial, fair, and efficient contested case hearing services to agencies, businesses, and individuals.
                                    




you are here:

office of administrative hearings


















                                
                                welcome page
                            

 site navigation






                                                                        















about the oregon office of administrative hearings (oah)in 1999, the oregon legislature created the office of administrative hearings. our role is to provide an independent and impartial forum for citizens and businesses to dispute state agency action against them. prior to the creation of the oah, contested case disputes were mostly handled internally by state agencies. with the creation of the oah, the oregon legislature consolidated this work, vesting it with a so-called "central panel" of administrative law judges (aljs). the oah central panel consists of roughly 70 professional aljs who hold over 30,000 hearings a year for approximately 70 state agencies. these aljs are supported by approximately 30 professional staff members. by statute, all administrative law judges are required to be "impartial in the performance of [their] duties and shall remain fair in all hearings." all aljs at the oregon oah are committed to this central tenet. we are equally committed to producing timely decisions of the highest quality.the current five year oah strategic plan, adopted in 2023, can be found here: oregon oah strategic plan 2023-27  


guide for virtual hearings by video conferencevirtual hearings allow hearing participants to attend hearings remotely.  the oah uses cisco webex as its virtual hearing platform. webex meetings allow for the parties, their representatives, and the alj to engage interactively through video or audio conference technology. detailed instructions for participating in a virtual hearing are included here. office of administrative hearings oversight committee
committee detailsoffice of administrative hearingsmain phone number(503) 947-1515fax numbersunemployment hearings - (503) 947-1531dhs hearings - (503) 947-1503dmv hearings - (503) 947-1923child support hearings - (503) 947-1921agencies, boards & commissions - (503) 947-1923to request an unemployment insurance hearing please contact the employment department:phone – (877) 345-3484fax – (503) 947-1335contact us form – select request a hearing / file an appeal, then under “issue description."please provide the following: the administrative decision number or issue you are appealing;the mailing date of the administrative decision you're appealing, anda brief description of why you are appealing.unemployment insurance appealsfrequently asked questions





























































	footer



			about oregon
		




 back to top





















×

how to recognize an official oregon website




.gov

official websites use .gov
a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.





secure .gov websites use https
a lock icon ( ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website.



only share sensitive information on official, secure websites.
close







hidden submit



















your browser is out-of-date! it has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites. learn how
×








