




path performance
































path performancecoaching
speaking
results
speaking of
about us
contact








about us
vision
we are a nimble and astute consultancy of performance coaches, exercise scientists and dieticians, whose passion is to help leaders, entrepreneurs and athletes create vitality and great performance by partnering to build formulas for success that sustain them both professionally and … [continue reading] 









vitality coaching
creating more vital, resilient and productive high-achievers
organizations invest heavily in succession planning and talent development. by adding the extra dimension of resiliency, vitality coaching offers an opportunity to achieve greater business results. research and science make a compelling … [continue reading] 









one-on-one endurance coaching
coaching athletes to potential



thank you for choosing path performance coaching! since 1992, path performance has been a premier full-time, professional coaching service passionate about helping clients reach goals and perform at their best.



maximize your results through focused, one-on-one … [continue reading] 









speaking
path performance vitality education programs offer tools, tips, strategies, and deep understanding of the behavioral change process that leads to creating greater vitality, resiliency and sustainable performance.  programs are targeted for leadership teams, cross-functional groups, and senior … [continue reading] 









coaching
a coach is someone who motivates you, provides unconditional support, identifies your strengths and helps you build upon them, shines a light on what's holding you back and partners with you to discover the creative solutions you need to achieve your goals.

 

vitality coaching   endurance … [continue reading] 








endurance coaching
coaching athletes to potential



thank you for choosing path performance coaching! for 30 years, path performance has been a premier … read more...vitality coaching
creating more vital, resilient and productive high-achievers
organizations invest heavily in succession planning and talent development. by … read more...speaking
path performance vitality education programs offer tools, tips, strategies, and deep understanding of the behavioral change process that … read more...results
i was a new/beginning athlete with no formal coaching, and no knowledge of training routines for any kind of individual discipline.  i hoped to improve… read more “gayla”gaylaartisti met kevin mccarthy a couple years ago and took swimming lessons from him.  his coaching helped me tremendously with my swimming technique.  i highly… read more “jessica”jessicaself-employed motheri first chose to work with kevin because i was in a panic before my first triathlon.  i knew him to be very approachable, positive… read more “nancy”nancycardiac medicinekevin was recommended to me as a coach for triathlon training by several individuals in the community…  after meeting with kevin and understanding his experience… read more “jason”jasonsenior vice president, banking industryi have been doing triathlons and running races for 5 years before i started working with kevin. when i decided to do an ironman, i… read more “ozan”ozansenior director of strategy, global retail restaurant chain prior to working with path performance, i was in last place in a race against the clock, my family, and my work. while everything in… read more “chris”chrisconsultant, safety/performance consulting industrybefore i started working with path performance, i was unhappy about my inability to lose weight and had basically quit trying.  i was not exercising… read more “debra”debradirector, telecommunications industryi have found that the guidance of working with kevin mccarthy has definitely led to a more vital lifestyle. the holistic approach of exercise, nutrition… read more “chris”chrissenior vice president, telecommunications industryi have developed a true passion for improving my personal health, fitness and well being. this new found passion is a direct result of the… read more “peter”petervice president, telecommunications industryi met kevin at some triathlon functions over the years.  he was always helpful and knowledgeable and told me to call him if i needed… read more “kim fraser”kim fraserironman 70.3

kevin mccarthy
 



kevin is the owner and founder of path performance, inc., a performance coaching and consulting group. for over 20 years he has specialized in coaching individuals and organizations to … read more...
contact
path performance, inc.
11 grandview drive
normal, il 61761
309-451-9927
kevin@pathperformance.com


return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 · agency child theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in





























