




orlando vacation rentals, homes, villas, condos near disney kissimmee


































































 













































sign up for deals & updates!








 












 





 










site navigationvacation rentalsresorts and communitieslayaway payment options closespecialsfebruary special – 15% discount2026 early bird offer – 15% discountreturning guestsflorida residentsaaa membersmilitaryblackout dates closeconciergeexploreticketscar rentalequipment rentals closemanagementagentspartner with usregister todaybecome an agent closereal estateabout uslearn about our journeysocial mediayoutube channelsubscribe for updatesowner logincontact close






your orlando vacation rental is just a click away
a million magical memories made since 1998! discover your perfect disney dream vacation home here.











find my home









 





february booking 15% off 







2026 early bird special - 15% discount  







click here -  for year round discounts! 







make magic moments that last forever 



 



























receive 10% off any last minute january and february 2025 10% discount off any new last minute january and february 2025 stays.  just click and 10% discount will be deducted from the nightly rate. all new reservations apply.
2026 early bird special – save 15% on all stays get 15% off this early bird special for new stays between january 1st and december 23rd, 2026. click to receive discount. blackout dates may apply.

10% off for all military, aaa, and florida residents special 2024 discounts for heroes, florida residents, aaa, and returning guests on any date.  click for details..

 




















the villadirect experience
make your orlando vacation home stay magical!
get the villadirect experience with more space, more rooms and more family time with orlando vacation homes from villadirect. relax and unwind in you own private spacious, and secluded master bedroom suite. enjoy resort-style vacationing and luxury amenities like vacation home theaters, game rooms, private pools and spas.
treat yourself to award winning hospitality and service, all just minutes away from the walt disney world® resort, universal orlando® and the white, sandy beaches of central florida. from two-bedroom condos perfect for family getaways to 10-bedroom pool homes with space for almost 30 people, there is a villadirect orlando vacation home rental to suit every need and budget.

experience orlando vacation rentals
an orlando vacation home from villadirect is perfect for any occasion. whether you are getting the family together for a reunion or preparing for a destination wedding, we have all of the space for everyone to be together.
learn more >>>
experience peace of mind
when you stay with villadirect, you know that you are getting value without the risk. with an a+ rating from the bbb and being one of the top names in orlando vacation homes, villadirect is a name that you can trust.
learn more >>>


experience florida fun
don’t miss any florida fun! there’s so much to see and do all year around, such as the epcot food and wine festival, the flower festival, mardi gras at universal studios, or seaworld’s newest attractions and shows.
learn more >>>
experience savings
save money on your orlando vacation by renting a vacation home at 40-60% less than a hotel and having all of the useful home options such as cooking, washing your clothes and close parking right at your fingertips.
learn more >>>











grinchmas at universal’s islands of adventure

 

orlando events



if your heart feels a few sizes too small, a trip to islands of adventure for grinchmas may be a great call!

this year,  theme park is putting together a christmas party unlike any other. here, you can take a quick trip to who-ville and celebr...
read more orlando events




how to pack for a disney vacation

 

family travel tips

packing for an epic walt disney world adventure can be overwhelming if you do not know where to start. with various weather patterns and many things to remember, it is easy to forget things. here is the ultimate packing list for your disney vacation ...
read more family travel tips




disney villa from villadirect

 

featured blog posts





why you need a disney villa from villadirect for your next disney vacation


are you considering vacationing at disney world in orlando, florida? when we think of vacation, we think of words like fun and comfort. there is something you may...
read more featured blog posts










at villadirect, orlando vacation home rental bookings are instant and direct, right now and right here with us. that means when you place your booking here on our site, it’s booked! there is no need to request to book. you can also book over the phone as well. of course, if you have questions you can chat or call or email or even send us a letter. when it comes to your booking, the moment you do it, it’s reserved. contrast that with others in the industry many of which do not offer direct or instant booking at all. many of them that do offer it only offer it for fewer than half of their properties.
here at villadirect you do not “request to book.” you just book. when we say “book now” we mean your booking is reserved instantly, right now!
book now







aboutconcierge services
property management
savings
orlando vacation homes
about villadirect
resourcescareers at villadirect
directions to villadirect
faqs
orlando information
legalcopyright and trademark info
cancellation policy
disclaimer notice
hurricane waiver protection
privacy policy
rental terms and conditions
affiliationsbbb rating
disney vacation rental connection
experience kissimmee
visit florida partner
 




            © 2025 orlando vacation rentals, homes, villas, condos near disney kissimmee 
            all rights reserved
            developed by vrs software.
        
































we use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. if you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy













 
















                            necessary 
                        
always enabled 















translate » 






































































 call me!







