




protecting maui’s future - maui tomorrow foundation





































































 
 skip to contentsearchmaui tomorrow foundationprotecting maui's future and quality of life for all residentsabout us

our story
mission
board of directors
staff
our accomplishments
our annual reports


our current work

affordable housing
citizen engagement
community planning
water
quality of life
regenerative agriculture


latest updates

recent news
press releases
read our newsletters
our latest annual report
archives


take action

get involved
respond to calls to action
sign a petition
workshops & webinars


contact us
donate
protecting maui’s future
join our mailing list to stay engaged, or make a gift to support our work. mahalo nui for joining with us to protect the island we love.sign updonate



we are maui tomorrow foundation.
we’re a 501(c)(3) nonprofit community organization protecting maui’s precious natural areas and prime open space for recreational use and aesthetic value, promoting the concept of ecologically sound development, and preserving the opportunity for a rural lifestyle on maui. established in 1989.
learn more




our shared vision for mauiʻs future:
together, with mauiʻs diverse communities, we have identified shared values and a future we would like to see for all maui residents.





truly affordable housing
favoring common sense housing solutions rather than luxury developments means more housing for residents.

fresh water for all
protecting water quality and water justice for rural communities, small farmers, and hawaiian kuleana water users.



citizen engagement
educating and activating community members to ensure that all voices are a part of the decision making process.

quality of life
understanding the values of maui’s community members and ensuring they have access to a high standard of living.



smart community planning
designing a future that works for all maui residents requires an inclusive, balanced approach to planning.

regenerative agriculture
returning the islandʻs soils to a healthy condition to support local food security and a healthier environment.










join us!
workshops & webinarslearn more workshops & webinars
get involvedlearn more get involved

latest updates
maui environmental court victory! 01/03/2025learn more maui environmental court victory! 
important update: wailea 670 hearing postponed!12/19/2024learn more important update: wailea 670 hearing postponed!
honuaʻula/wailea 670 timeline11/23/2024learn more honuaʻula/wailea 670 timeline


stay informed!subscribe for the latest updates
the best way to stay engaged is to sign up to receive the latest information, calls to action, and educational articles via email. we send an e-newsletter every other month, as well as periodic issue-specific alerts and updates.














facebookinstagramemailmorethreadsblueskyreddit
“maui tomorrow has consistently been on the right side of history, standing shoulder to shoulder with maui residents in the face of so much change.”
st, makawao


"it is my pleasure to write in support of maui tomorrow and their efforts in support of the people of maui. 

through my work in congress and more specifically, in the committee on natural resources, i continually promote federal actions and policies to protect hawaii's unique environment. maui tomorrow has been supportive of many of these issues by consistently urging county and state governments to consider the ramifications of their decisions on the current and future environmental integrity of maui." 
	patsy takemoto mink, former member of congress
patsy mink's full endorsement of maui tomorrow 


join us in protecting maui’s future.
maui tomorrow has worked in partnership with many community groups over the years to create parks and protect open space for all of maui’s people. help us continue to save the places we all cherish.
make a gift
connect with us on social platforms:



facebook





instagram





youtube





press
our 2023 annual report
contact us
© copyright,  maui tomorrow foundation© 2025 · log in 
























