







plantation florida homes for sale, plantation mls listings


























searching
        for a condo or home in plantation?  
if you're looking for a new place to
        call home and are not familiar with the neighborhoods throughout
        plantation florida, take a few moments to browse through the many plantation
        communities to
        learn more about individual neighborhoods and communities located here.
        of course, we'll be happy to save you some time in finding your next
        home...
        simply fill out our home wish list form and we'll let you know which
        condos, villas, townhouses or homes meet your preferences.  we know
        how valuable your time is and the information you provide us with helps
        us search out just the right properties to show you.  

we also understand that sometimes
        people prefer to browse mls listings on their own so we provide an
        option for you to do just that and perform your own plantation
        florida mls listings search.  when you come across one or more
        homes, townhouses, villas and/or condos you'd like to see, request
        a showing and we'll make the necessary calls to show you those
        properties in person.

whether you're looking for an
        affordable condo or house, a home with a large lot, a luxury waterfront
        home, want to live in a gated community or simply need to locate a pet
        friendly condo, we can assist you.  we know plantation florida real
        estate well and we're here to help you.

as professional plantation florida
        realtors, we are familiar with the local real estate market and we can assist you throughout
        the entire process of searching for a new home, negotiating an offer and all the
        details along the way until closing date.  if you haven't already
        been pre-qualified or pre-approved for a mortgage, we can help you with
        that, too.


        if you're looking for broward
        county short sale listings, we can help you find the right one.

newsletter: 
        whether
        you're ready to buy or sell, sign up for our free 
      real estate newsletter.


local
weather:











plantation...
a great place to live!  
 view a virtual
        tour of plantation, florida! 
        
location: the
        city of plantation is located in the heart of broward
        county and covers over 21 square miles. plantation is surrounded by fort lauderdale
        to the east, davie to the south and sunrise to the north and west.  plantation is
        known throughout south florida for it's annual art in the park event.


employment:
        
several major employers including motorola, american
        express and merrill lynch have called plantation home for many years and we
        continue to attract more businesses every year.
education:
        
the quality of education is a priority to many
        residents in plantation. as a family-friendly city, our educational
        offerings run the gamut from day care centers to both public and private
        elementary, junior and high schools. anyone interested in furthering
        their education has
        several options to pick from, many of which are located within a short
        drive.

shopping: the shopping districts around plantation are
        varied and each offers something for everyone. from the large shopping malls such as the
        fountains shoppes of distinction and the westfield broward mall to the more
        local shopping centers offering a special blend of retail, service, and
        eateries -- you’re likely find what you’re looking for.

quality
        of life: one of the nice residual benefits to plantation’s
        location is that it is just a short distance from much of what south
        florida has to offer in the way of arts, entertainment, parks and recreation.





thinking
        of selling your plantation fl home?  
if you own a home in plantation florida
        and you're thinking of selling it, we use multiple marketing techniques that
        create maximum market exposure for
        your home so that it may sell in the least amount of time and for the
        best price possible.  find out what your
        plantation home value is in today's market by
        requesting a free cma (comparable home analysis).  let us do the
        research and discuss our findings with you confidentially.if
        you're considering selling your plantation fl condo, villa, townhome or
        house and trying to decide which plantation area real estate agent to
        list your property with, compare our home marketing plan 
        with others and you'll see some of the ways we can make a difference when you're ready to
        sell your home.  we go above and beyond the average so that your
        property is presented in a professional manner to anyone who sees your
        home on websites or the mls.if
        you list with us, we can also offer you suggestions on how to home stage
        your property so that it can appeal to the greatest number of
        prospective buyers.  as experienced plantation
        fl realtors, we know what buyers tend to prefer and a few (usually
        minor) changes can sometimes make all the difference when it comes to
        selling your home quickly and for top dollar in today's market.do
        you find yourself in a situation where you need to relocate and sell
        your home but you're upside down on your mortgage and owe your lender more that your
        house is worth?  we work with short
        sales in broward county  and can assist you in trying to avoid
        foreclosure by short selling your home.  in most cases, a short
        sale is a better alternative than letting the bank foreclose on your
        house.  simply take a few moments to complete our plantation
        fl home values request form and we'll contact you to discuss our
        findings.










home  
  |   search mls listings  
  |   home wish list   |  
  plantation communities   |  
  what is your home worth?   |  
  buyer guide   |   contact
  us

leanne
  paynter •
(954) 846-1600 •
united realty group, inc.




 broker-associate
  • plantation
  florida e-pro certified realtor®
  • 

  graduate realtor institute 
member national
association of realtors (n.a.r.) •

member florida realtors •

member realtor association of greater fort lauderdale


copyright© 2002-2012 leanne paynter. 
all rights reserved.  no portion of this 
web site, including graphics or text, may be reproduced 
  in any manner without the prior written consent of the copyright holder. 
  by using this site you agree to its  terms of use and
 privacy policy.
site disclaimer:  all
  information contained herein is deemed
reliable but cannot be guaranteed. to be certain, you should independently verify.  if in doubt, consult with
an appropriate professional.
this site features plantation florida real estate for sale. 
  search this site for homes, houses, condos, condominiums, villas, townhomes
  and townhouses for sale as well as rentals in 
  the communities of plantation florida including 
  alpine woods, apple creek, 
  arbor courts, bela sera, 
  bridgewater, cedar landing, 
  chateaulaine, chatham towne, 
  chelsea, cocoranda,
  colonnades, colony court at lago mar, 
  coronado, courtyards at jacaranda, 
  courtyards of plantation, dahlia, 
  devon east, devon west, 
  entrada, fairway cove townhomes, 
  fountains of jacaranda, french quarter, 
  gingerwood place, grand marquis, 
  great western, jacaranda heights, 
  jacaranda villas, lago mar east / west lodge, 
  lago west cluster homes, lago west, 
  laguna, lakes at jacaranda, 
  lakes of newport, lakeview courts, 
  lakeview gardens, las haciendas, 
  lauderdale west, longwood village, 
  majestic view, malibu townhouses, 
  omega condos, omega villas, 
  optima village at fountain spring, paragon plantation, 
  parc court, parc village, 
  park place, pine island villas, 
  plantation club, plantation forest, 
  plantation harbor point townhomes, plantation manors, 
  plantation pines, plantation place, 
  plantation racquet club, plantation royal, 
  plantation terrace, plantation trace, 
  polynesian gardens, polynesian villas, 
  quatraine, raintree forest, 
  royal palm, somerset,
  su casa, terra bella, 
  townhouses at jacaranda, townhouses of plantation,
  trellises, turtle run,
  valmoral, village square, 
  village townhomes, villas of plantation, 
  vineyards of plantation, waterford courtyards,
  westree, wimbledon at jacaranda, and 
  winds at jacaranda.
this site also features real estate, property, properties, homes, houses, and rentals 
  in plantation florida communities including 
  bayberry village, beaumont estates, 
  blackhawk estates, bravo estates, 
  breezeswept park estates, bridgewater, 
  canterbury, cedar villas, 
  cocoplum estates, country club estates, 
  cross creek, el dorado estates, 
  fairway cove, fountain spring, 
  fox run, golf view heights, 
  hawks landing, hawthorne village, 
  isla del sol, jacaranda cay, 
  jacaranda cove, jacaranda lakes, 
  jacaranda pointe, jacaranda royale, 
  jacaranda villas, lago estates, 
  lago largo, lago mar, 
  lakes of newport, lakeview estates, 
  las brisas, lauderdale golf estates, 
  lauderdale west, marcano estates, 
  mayfair, melaleuca isles, 
  mirror lake estates, nob hill estates, 
  patios in the park, pebble creek, 
  plantation acres, plantation gardens, 
  plantation golf estates, plantation harbor, 
  plantation hills, plantation isles, 
  plantation landings, plantation palms, 
  plantation park, plantation point, 
  plantation secluded gardens, 
  plantation sunrise heights, 
  quatraine, royal palm estates, 
  royal palm south, sala del mar, 
  saraceno, saraceno west, 
  sawgrass plantation, sawgrass village, 
  sunset cove, tropical estates, 
  ventana, village gate, 
  vintage creek, waterway estates, 
  wedgewood estates and westport.
broward
county home values :
florida mls listings
  : broward
county real estate :
weston
  fl homes : davie
  fl real estate  : cooper
city homes
: fort
lauderdale condos 
  pompano
beach condos : boca
raton fl real estate : lake
worth fl real estate : wellington
  fl real estate  : 
  south
florida commercial real estate :
broward
county commercial real estate : florida
home values   
northwest
  florida real estate  :  florida
  panhandle real estate  :  jacksonville
  fl real estate  :  marco
  island fl real estate  :  jupiter fl real estate  :
  key largo real
  estate  :  real estate agent directory










