




midway baptist church – know god, love all, serve others































know god, love all, serve others
home
about

welcome to mbc
maps & directions
our staff
our vision
our history
our beliefs
our community


giving
worship

sunday services
praise band


know god

sunday school


love all

nursery
children
youth


serve others

northside backpacks
food pantry
women on mission


calendar
contact
 

 




 welcome to midway baptist church


we’d love for you to worship with us or participate in our activities! we have guests at mbc almost every sunday, and we’ll do everything we can to make you feel right at home!
on sundays we offer a worship services at 9:45am and 11:00am. the two services also offer a choice of worship formats:  the early service offers traditional music featuring hymns, and solos.  the 11:00 a.m service has a more contemporary feel, with praise and worship music featuring various instruments. there is children’s worship service offered on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th sunday of the month during with the second worship service as well as a nursery for those up to 3 years old every sunday. the 1st and 5th sundays are “family sundays” where children remain in the sanctuary with family.
how should i dress?
some wear coats and ties, some wear jeans.  casual attire is certainly acceptable, we invite you to come as you are.  we believe god cares more about what is on the inside than our outward appearance (1 samuel 16:7).
participation in offering and communion
we take an offering as part of returning thanks to god in each of our sunday worship services.  you are welcome to give; however, it is freely up to you.  if you are a first time guest, filling out a visitor’s card and putting it in the offering plate is your gift to us.  we celebrate holy communion quarterly, for baptism and other special services.  our communion table is open to all who are professed believers in jesus christ, no matter your affiliation.

giving


we invite you to give during our worship service during our offering. if you are not able to make it, you can also drop off or mail it to our office. we appreciate your support, especially during these times!
to give online, visit: giving.midwaybc.net

location, parking and directions
mbc is located in historic midway at 121 south winter street (midway road) near the post office. parking is located in front of the sanctuary, adjacent to the church on west cross st, and also in our lot on s turner (the next street after cross), behind the doctor’s office. visit our maps & directions page for a custom map, as well as printed directions.
our church office entrance is located on west cross street.
weekly activities
sunday


9:45 am worship (traditional)


9:00 & 9:45 am sunday school*


11:00 am worship (contemporary)*





 

facebook
copyright © 2025 midway baptist church.
church wordpress theme by themehall.com

