


explore kentucky lake, lake barkley & land between the lakes




































lake conditions:  
					overcast - 24° /
										  n/a° 
										- 358.49'			
							
events calendar


 






 stay



lodging overview >


cabins/cottages
resorts
rentals by owner
campgrounds




glamping
hotels/motels
condos
weddings & special events










 fish



fishing overview >


fishing reports
fishing guides
fishing 101
fishing maps




equipment & bait
licenses & regs
tournaments
lake levels & forecasts










 boat



boating overview >


boat rentals
marinas & slips
sales, service & repair




boat ramp finder
nav charts & aids
sailing the lakes










 see & do



see & do overview >


events
trails
beaches & swimming
family fun
experiencing wildlife
hunting




land between the lakes
golfing
theaters & shows
distilleries
history, museums & arts










 eat & drink



all restaurants >


what & where to eat
live music
dock & eat




dining with a view
date nights










 live here



moving to the lakes >


real estate
our communities
local events




travel news & features
current weather
our climate














your browser does not support the video tag.
		






your browser does not support the video tag.
	







kentucky lake, lake barkley & land between the lakes







winter storm warning: 3" to 8" possible
feb 18, 2025 - a potent snow storm will move in tuesday evening, dumping 3-8 inches of snow across the region.










summer pool levels to hang around until thursday
feb 18, 2025 - the lakes will peak at summer pool before returning to near-winter pool levels next week.










follow the latest kentucky lake/lake barkley levels
feb 16, 2025 - get real-time lake level data provided by tva as the lakes rise over the next few days.










spring fishing just around the corner
feb 14, 2025 - ready for some spring fishing?  if you aren't familiar with our lakes, brush up with fishing 101.










top kentucky lake & lake barkley destinations


lake barkley vacation guide
get your free lake barkley vacation guide and make plans to visit lake barkley today!



discover more: grand rivers
the "village between the lakes" - grand rivers - a beautiful lake area getaway!



green turtle bay
come stay at kentucky's premier resort and marina on lake barkley.



eddy creek marina resort
beautiful views, great boating and cozy lodging awaits you at eddy creek.



lynnhurst family resort
lynnhurst family resort - beautiful cabins, condos, retreat units, boat rentals and more.



free vacation planner
need a guide to plan your trip? get your free kentucky lake vacation planner here!



find the perfect lake cabin
we've got you covered when it comes to lake cabins!  start your search here.



start your trip at moors
enjoy cabins, waterfront dining, boat rentals and "moor" at moors resort!







explore kentucky lake, lake barkley & land between the lakes


kentucky lake
the tennessee river
kentucky lake is one of the best lakes for sport fishing in the country, whether it is crappie, bass, bluegill, or catfish you're hunting.  kentucky lake is also home to outstanding recreational boating, from jet skis to pleasure boating.  sail the lakes, rent a pontoon or whatever you desire - have a good time!  read more about kentucky lake.


lake barkley
the cumberland river
lake barkley is a younger lake and is slightly smaller than kentucky lake, but still offers the same great fishing experiences and boating opportunities you'll find on kentucky lake.  there are several full-service marinas, resorts, and campgrounds along lake barkley to make your visit a pleasurable one.  find out more about lake barkley.


land between the lakes
national recreation area
enjoy a vast uninhabited land full of small lakes, wildlife, historical attractions, and trails. the land between the lakes is perfect for those who love to be outside.  take a step back in time at the homeplace 1850s, or see live animal exhibits at the nature station, or catch a show at the planetarium.  discover more about land between the lakes.












plan your next trip to the kentucky lakes area
together, kentucky lake and lake barkley form the largest body of water between the great lakes and the gulf of mexico.  with over 210,000 acres of water, kentucky lake and lake barkley provide plenty of room for fishing, boating, and outdoor recreation.  bass fishing is outstanding and the lakes provide some of best crappie fishing waters anywhere.
the area that makes up kentucky lake, lake barkley, and land between the lakes is truly 	an outdoorsman's paradise.  we have world-renowned fresh water fishing with largemouth and smallmouth bass, crappie, bluegill, catfish, sauger, and much more.  our fishing reports offer the very latest in what's hot: species and their fishing patterns, water conditions, and everything else you need to prepare for your next fishing trip.
land between the lakes (lbl) is a unique 170,000-acre national recreation area situated between kentucky lake and lake barkley. key attractions 	include the nature station, elk & bison prairie, golden pond planetarium, homeplace 1850s, and turkey bay ohv area.
with so many things to explore around kentucky lake, lake barkley, and land between the lakes, you can choose to make a day of it or a week of it.
start planning your trip to the kentucky lakes area today!
















get news and updates from the kentucky lakes area with our e-mail newsletter, the kentucky lake explorer. sign up today!  it's free... we respect your privacy and we never spam.







destinations

land between the lakes
grand rivers
eddyville - kuttawa
gilbertsville - calvert city
benton - aurora
cadiz - little river
murray - blood river
paris - paris landing
dover - leatherwood bay
camden - big sandy



explore

places to stay
fishing
boating & rentals
see & do
food & drink
live here



travel info

lake conditions
weather
news & features
travel tools
accessibility



company

advertise with us
marketing services
our story
privacy & terms
contact







explore kentucky lake is the leader in online travel for kentucky lake, lake barkley & land between the lakes.

























© 2001-2025				explorations media group, llc. all rights reserved.








