








home | the american board of certification



















skip to main content









(877) 365-2221






twitter
linkedin
 





search form

search 





 









about abchistory
certification areas
why become a board certified attorney
why hire a board certified lawyer
board of directors
emeritus directors
executive committee
faculty committee
long range committee 
marketing committee
membership committee 
standards committee 
state bar liaison committee
abc member articles
testimonials
contact us

find a certified attorneycertified judges

how to become certifiedapplication long form
abc prep course
commonly asked questions
rules & regulations
state requirements

 





pay invoice
member login
 









 






 
















the american board of certification abc is the nation's premier legal specialty certification organization - certifying attorneys as specialists in business bankruptcy, consumer bankruptcy and creditors' rights law.
find a certified attorney 



 



 








find a certified attorneyyou expect certification from your doctor - expect it from your lawyer too. board certification means that the certified attorney has met rigorous, objective standards and has demonstrated knowledge in bankruptcy and/or creditors' rights law.
 
read more 




apply for certificationabc certification provides an objective standard that assists the public in making informed decisions in choosing counsel. additionally, abc certification encourages attorneys to strive for excellence, and recognizes those attorneys who have met abc's rigorous standards.
 
read more 




resources for board certified attorneysbelow are some useful resources to help promote your abc certification. login required
marketing tips
abc logo
order brochures
read more 

 




best behavior, use of technology and other taboos






member articles







 posted on nov 1st, 2022 
 multiple levels of responsibility for subchapter v trustees  
 when congress enacted subchapter v of chapter 11, it created a unique type of trustee. chapter 7 trustees are responsible for liquidating assets and paying creditors. chapter 12 and 13 trustees receive and disburse funds while also making sure that the debtor complies with his/her  
 read more  

 posted on may 1st, 2022 
 florida adopts financial literacy requirement for h.s. graduation  
 on march 22, 2022, florida became the seventh state in the nation to require students to take a standalone half-credit course in financial literacy to graduate from high school. this landmark event represents the culmination of decade-long efforts by the florida council on economic 
 read more  

 posted on feb 1st, 2021 
 abc elects 2021 board of directors  
 the american board of certification (abc), a national organization dedicated to serving the public and improving the quality of the bar by certifying lawyers in the areas of bankruptcy and creditors’ rights, elected new officers and board members at its annual meeting, which was held virtually on dec. 7, 2020.  
 read more  




 







about abc board certification
the american board of certification (abc) is a non-profit organization dedicated to serving the public and improving the quality of the bankruptcy and creditors' rights law bars. abc has certified nearly 1,000 attorneys in consumer and business bankruptcy and creditor's rights law nationwide. abc certification serves the public by allowing potential clients to make an informed decision in choosing bankruptcy and creditors rights counsel. in addition, abc certification encourages attorneys to strive toward excellence and recognizes those attorneys who have met the rigorous abc standards. abc offers separate certification programs in business bankruptcy, consumer bankruptcy and creditors' rights law.
see more testimonials 
embedded video for about abc board certification 







  








 




company links

abc home
about abc
contact abc
 


other links

search for attorneys
board of directors
bylaws
 


contact us

99 canal center plaza, ste 200 alexandria, va 22314
(319) 365-2222



follow us

twitter
linkedin
join our abc member group on linkedin






    copyright 2017-2025 the american board of certification  


 




