






waterway net web site











 











home
club info
net format

news & events
boat search
position reports/ float plans
announcements
scuttlebutt
cw net
other nets
wrcc store
weather links































welcome to the waterway net web site!




the waterway radio and cruising club is an association of amateur
        radio operators who also share an interest in recreational boating.
        















the waterway net, which is sponsored by the waterway radio and
        cruising club, meets on the air every morning of the year for about
        an hour starting at 0745 et on a frequency of 7.268 mhz lsb. the main
        purpose of the waterway net is to encourage amateur radio
        communications to and from boats with an emphasis on safety and
        weather information. position reports help
        keep live-aboards and cruising boats in touch with families and
        friends and float
        plans provide a strong measure of safety for off-shore passage
        makers.

begun in the early sixties, the waterway net is one of the oldest, continuously operating nets in amateur radio.
        today the wrcc has several hundred dues paying members and
        anyone holding an amateur radio license of any class is eligible to
        join. membership in the wrcc is not a
        prerequisite for participation in the waterway net, but a general
        class or higher license is required.
the waterway net is a controlled net. it is recommended that one
        listen for a while to learn the net
        procedures, but anyone with a general class license or above is
        invited to check in at the appropriate time or to join in on the
        special interest nets that often follow.
in an emergency, fcc rules permit anyone, licensed or not, to use
        any frequency to summon help. all boaters with high frequency ssb
        radios aboard should know that the 20 meter amateur frequency of 14.300 mhz is active for about
        eighteen hours a day and is always available for emergency
        assistance.



    notice - club dues have increased slightly!
due to increased operating costs, our club dues have increased. new dues are $25 for u.s. and canada mailing addresses, $25 elsewhere.




home  |  
club info  |  
news & events  |  
scuttlebutt  |  
cw net  | 
wx links 
 © copyright 2004-2024, waterway radio &
        cruising club - all rights reserved.         


top 






