


















homepage | national mississippi river museum & aquarium









      skip to main content
    














give
news
events
membership
rentals
search




main navigation


plan your visit 


buy tickets


maps & directions


animals


exhibits


daily activities


campus amenities


webcams


accessibility


group tours


stay & play


faqs




support 


capital campaign


preservation society


endowment


membership


giving thanks


captain’s ball


ways to give




conservation 


animal rehabilitation


saving species


stand with sippi


take caare




history 


mathias ham historic site


william m. black


historic collections


dubuque area history expo


dubuque county historical society


nagpra


national rivers hall of fame




educate


school group tours


camps


programs


educational resources


outreach programs


distance learning




about


about the museum


riverworks discovery


national rivers hall of fame


historic preservation awards


join our team


contact


nathaniel morgan memorial




























hoursfall / winternovember 1, 2024 - october 31, 202510 am - 4 pm weekdays 10 am - 5 pm weekendsbuy ticketscampus map




admissionall tickets are 2-day passesgeneral admissionadult $24.95youth (ages 3-17) $18.95senior (ages 65+) $22.95admission + filmadult $29.90youth (ages 3-17) $23.90senior (ages 65+) $27.90















featuredattractions



water's extreme journey
become a raindrop, change your world! take on an exciting and important quest for clean water. experience the watershed as a waterdrop, exploring first-hand the science behind the water cycle.  
learn more





mississippi river center renovation
big changes are happening! our team is busy transforming current exhibits and building five new habitats. we are excited to be welcoming the eastern massasauga rattlesnake, hellbenders, black-crowned night heron, and many more new species! learn more about our progress here, see what is open, and what is still being transformed.
learn more













featured animal
hogfish
found in rocky areas and coral reefs across the western atlantic, from florida to the gulf of mexico, these fish have a unique way of swimming: they bounce through the water using…
learn more



featured collection
c.m. keys trophy
in the 1930s, the curtiss-wright flying service awarded this c.m. keys trophy to e.j. mckeon. while we do not know exactly which achievement earned it, we do know of daring…
learn more












membership
free admission, reciprocal perks, and exclusive benefits!

 learn how your membership inspires stewardship of our rivers and history for individuals and families from around the world.
learn more
















subscribe
sign up for our newsletter
stay up to date with events, news, and more when you subscribe to the current!
subscribe









the national mississippi river museum & aquarium
350 east 3rd streetdubuque, iowa 52001





563-557-9545
800-226-3369

info@rivermuseum.org






































tidepool touch tank now open
get up close and personal at our tidepool touch tank and touch sea stars, sea anemones, and more!



inspire stewardship
donations to the river museum support conservation efforts and expand educational opportunities.



toad-ally in love!
the wyoming toad was once a critically endangered species-at one point, there were only seven toads in the wild. since 2008, the river museum has helped breed and release 50,000 wyoming toad tadpoles back to wyoming.



how many objects are in our collection?
the dubuque county historical society has 26,000 artifacts, but that number changes often through new donations and deaccessions.



so many ways to learn
from on-site adventures to outreach programs that rock, the river museum provides a wide variety of fun historic, cultural, and stem-related programs for youth.



guess what
the river museum opened in 2003, and is the flagship entity of the dubuque county historical society which was founded in 1950.



























