















	metastock technical analysys software









































6810-104 street, edmonton alberta, t6h 2l6







support
1-801-506-0999



 
 
 










toggle navigation





home
end-of-day


metastock d/c
datalink



real time


metastock r/t
refinitiv xenith



upgrades
add-ons


addons
compatibility
clearance



data


refinitiv datalink
refinitiv xenith



training


unleash the power
videos



about fundsoft


about fundsoft
support
fundsoft privacy






buy now

 
 










for real-time traders
				    

designed for the day trader, and powered by refinitiv xenithmetastock real time is a global leader in charting and analysis tools.


learn more 
subscribe now 








for end-of-day traders
				    

designed for the end-of-day trader, and powered by refinitiv datalinkmetastock daily charts gives you a complete charting and analysis toolbox.


learn more 
subscribe now 








real-time market data
				    

our latest analysis tool is more comprehensive, more intuitive and more collaborative than anything you've ever worked with.


learn more 
subscribe now 








end-of-day market data
				    

for traders who use end-of-day data, refinitiv datalink is the #1 choice for a reliable and robust data feed.


learn more 
subscribe now 








						metastock clearance items
				    

we have a few copies of some products on special.limited quantity at special pricing!


learn more 















technical analysis software and data


metastock has provided self-directed traders with award-winning charting and analysis tools for over three decades. their market data line and trading software are specifically engineered to enable proficient traders of all skill levels to confidently backtest, scan, and analyze the markets in 2024 by leveraging technical analysis.
the outcome is reliable purchase and sell signals. metastock offers day traders, swing traders, and eod traders a variety of trading options, including stocks, options, futures, and forex. we are certain that you will concur that metastock is the best charting software that is accessible to private traders.

 





metastock real time
the readers of technical analysis of stocks and commodities magazine have ranked metastock as the best technical analysis software in its price category for the past 23 years.learn more





addons
improve upon the advanced analysis power of metastock with incredible add-ons provideing additional functionality.
learn more







metastock daily charts
metastock daily charts offers a suite of ready-to-use trading solutions that are both dependable and user-friendly. you can also tailor these solutions to match your unique trading approach.learn more





data
for retail traders real-time data, xenith is used, and daily charts use datalink end-of-day data.learn more



 
 
 

 



what are the experts saying about metastock?


 







testimonials






what metastock is to me
steve k.


metastock is what i dreamed about in the 70's..





intelligent software
dr. trieber

"it's the most intelligent piece of software i have ever used."






technical support 
michale john (ceo & founder)


"i was completely blown away."






amit singh


"in today's fast-paced world, where excellent customer service is a rarity, it was truly refreshing to experience the level of professionalism, dedication, and expertise that your team consistently demonstrated throughout my interactions. from my initial inquiry to the resolution of my issues, i was consistently impressed with the quality of service i received."





 
nicholas ramirez


"i just want to say thank you for a very enjoyable and educational seminar. i honestly wish it could have been longer. i now realize how much i have underutilized metastock in the past. now i feel a lot more optimistic and confident about taking my trading to the next level using metastock. i wish you and metastock continued and greatly deserved success."






bob frassanito


"using technical analysis has let me become a much more sophisticated trader. indicators, and especially being able to program patterns in conjunction with indicators, have given me much better entry and exit points. combinations of indicators and custom programming help me make better selections on the stocks i will buy, and help me determine when to buy."

 

 
 
 




active trader or just learning? metastock real time helps you succeed
learn more 

 










fundsoft has been serving the investment community since 1993 and provides access to both end-of-day and real-time stock market data.
   780.430.6240
info@fundsoft.com








products

  real time analysis
  end of day analysis
  market data
  add-ons
  clearance products
  want to buy gold?


 

 


copyright © 2025 all rights reserved.    note: all prices are in usd
fundsoft information systems

 








 
 






















