






sacroiliac joint dysfunction (si joint pain)




















































































 


  si dysfunction


homesijdintroductionanatomycausessigns and symptomsdiagnosisassociated conditionsconservative treatmentsurgerypatientsschedule an appointmentpatient testimonialsresourcesvideossi dysfunction faqsarticles/blogseventsradioaccomodationsrestaurantsattractionstransportationproductsclinicianssurgerycontact 








			si dysfunction

		

home
sijd

introduction
anatomy
causes
signs and symptoms
diagnosis
associated conditions
conservative treatment
surgery


patients

schedule an appointment
patient testimonials


resources

videos
si dysfunction faqs
articles/blogs
events
radio
accomodations
restaurants
attractions
transportation


products
clinicians
surgery
contact























si dysfunction
sacroiliac joint dysfunction &  lower back pain
we are glad you have made this
first important step towards
overcoming your sacroiliac joint dysfunction








the hidden cause of back pain 
sacroiliac joint dysfunction is one of the
most under-diagnosed causes of lower back pain.
up to 25% of lower back pain
is related to the sacroiliac joint.
read more 




 






stop suffering from sacroiliac joint dysfunction  today!
lower back pain is the second most common reason for visits to physicians and the most common reason for missing work.
most cases of acute back pain are self-limited and will resolve with a short period of rest, treatment with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and appropriate physical therapy. however, chronic disabling back pain requires a specific diagnosis for appropriate treatment.
read more about this condition   read more about the surgery 













the secret cause of low back pain
how to end your suffering by vicki sims, pt, cht and david mesnick, pt, cmdt. this book includes a full description of the anatomy of the sij, treatment, self-treatment, family assisted treatment techniques, exercises, and strategies for avoiding further injury. fully illustrated.
 
  hard copy – $24.99              


 
digital download – $19.99    




 
 








patient quotes






ever since my first appointment with you i have wanted to write you and thank you for such an outpouring of expertise, kindness, and generosity you and your team bestowed on my family and me. you have a knack for being professional without losing the personable touch that helps your patients feel at ease.
 


 sonya


kentucky






as i entered my early sixties the pain i felt in my lower back and right hip had become nearly constant. an active lifetime, with several motorcycle accidents and many weekends spent water skiing or running in 10k races, was seemingly taking its toll on my body.
after just a few visits with you i noticed a remarkable reduction in my pain and an increase in my mobility.
now, after two years i am 98% pain free. the therapy i have received from my series of visits with you have played a significant part in my healing for which i will be eternally grateful.”
 


 tommy p


westminster, sc






i tell my friends that she has changed my life. it’s great to do the things i like – golfing, gardening, walking, and yoga – without having to take a break from them because of my back pain. you taught me how to take care of my back by listening to it and by doing specific exercises. i am a very lucky person to have been treated at your clinic.
 


 syliva


georgia






i want to take the time to thank you for the time, care and concern you invested in trying to help me get back to optimal health. thanks, especially for not giving up on me. i appreciate all of your kindness and wish you many blessings. i am feeling so much better and enjoy being back to work. i feel so blessed that it all worked out with positive results.
 


 mary


georgia






please note: the state of georgia requires a doctor’s referral in order to be treated by a licensed physical therapist






the information on this website is an educational aid only and not intended as medical advice for individual conditions or treatment and is not a substitute for a medical exam, nor does it replace the need for services provided by a medical professional. individual medical treatment providers must make their own individual determination before authorizing a course of treatment. a person’s individual physician or physical therapist must determine what is safe and effective for each person or patient.










address  


1296 sims street, suite a gainesville ga, 30501
(770) 297-1700
(770) 297-1702
sijd@gainesvillept.com


get in touch

follow us



















about us  
we specialize in diagnosing and treating sacroiliac joint dysfunction and related disorders. we aim to offer you personalized service and provide you with treatment options that are best suited to helping you overcome your sacroiliac joint dysfunction and lower back pain.


search our site

search for:




 







© 2025 sidysfunction.com 



disclaimer





















