










pizzicato - computer assisted music - composition, orchestration, notation











arpege
		  music






 french  


europe (english)  




 

 



 



 



pizzicato 4 available as a preliminary version
 


july 2021 - discover and explore pizzicato 4

    version 4 of pizzicato is finally available in preliminary version ("beta" version). 
    
    it includes the function most requested by users since the existence of pizzicato: the possibility to use sound banks in vst3 format. 
    the richness of the many sound banks
 of the market can now be used in combination with pizzicato's innovative composition tools.
    
    pizzicato 4 is now fully 64-bit software and will therefore run on new versions of mac os, including macs with m1 processor.

    pizzicato's graphical environment has been completely reviewed.
    
    if you like to experiment and explore, you can download version 4 right now. it is installed independently of current version 3.6
, so you can use both. if you are more careful or want a stable and completed version, then it's better to wait until the testing phase of version 4 has been completed.
    
 pizzicato 4 quick guide...



 
music software for everyone
 


music notation, intuitive music composition and music
      learning

    here is a large range of music software to write and print your sheet music,
    but also to arrange and compose your own music or even learn music and music
    composition.

    we wish you a nice discovery of these music software and we stay at your
    disposal for any information.  you can contact us at:

info@arpegemusic.com

writing or composing music ?

    many music software present themselves as music composition software,
    whereas most of them mainly provide ways to write sheet music, record midi
    and/or audio.

    pizzicato differentiates itself mostly by
      a real approach of music composition, which means an interaction
    with the user to help him to choose, organize and structure harmony, melody
    and rhythm.

    discover how you can take advantage of these intuitive music composition
    tools, whether you are a beginner or a professional.


 
pizzicato professional
 


combine all features of all pizzicato versions


    pizzicato professional is a music software that combines all the features
    found in all other versions of pizzicato. with it, you can write sheet
    music, you can use all the intuitive composition tools and you can follow
    the full music theory course. 


everything you need to write your own music, from a soloist to a full
        orchestra, from classical music to techno music.


never seen before - intuitive composition tools make music composition
        available to everyone.


music composition is not only notation - discover audio editing, sound
        creation, virtual synthesizers and a high quality sound library.


an extensive and easy to follow tutorial helps you mastering every
        aspect of pizzicato.

 
        learn more...




 
pizzicato notation
 


all you need to write music


    pizzicato notation contains all the notation features found in all other
    versions of pizzicato


everything you need to write your own music, from a soloist to a full
        orchestra, in any style.


an extensive and easy to follow tutorial helps you mastering every
        aspect of pizzicato.


with this music software, create scores for the guitar, for drums and
        percussion, for piano or solo instrument, or from the small ensemble to
        the full symphonic orchestra.


print your sheet music and hear them play through a quality sound
        library.

 
        learn more...




 
pizzicato beginner
 


a general purpose music software


    the pizzicato beginner music software contains most of the tools needed for
    choirs, solo instruments and small ensembles, up to 16 instruments


with the progressive manual and the internet videos, you will be able
        to create and print beautiful looking sheet music.


midi sequencing and effects.


an extensive and easy to follow tutorial helps you mastering every
        aspect of pizzicato.


play or sing while listening to the score at any tempo to improve your
        skills and rhythm.

 
        learn more...




 
more specific music software
 


pizzicato keyboard - for the piano, synthesizer or
      organ


    pizzicato keyboard contains all the tools you need to write music for the
    keyboard instruments like the piano, the organ or the synthesizer, with up
    to 4 staves. 


this music software contains all the tools of pizzicato professional
        related to keyboard notation.


enter the notes with combinations of mouse clicks, tool palettes,
        keystrokes, the virtual piano keyboard window, or directly through a
        midi keyboard, step by step or in real time.


an extensive and easy to follow tutorial helps you mastering every
        aspect of pizzicato. 


play the score or any part of it and watch the notes colored as they
        are played. 

 
        learn more...


pizzicato choir - up to 4 staves for the choir


    with pizzicato choir, you can enter music for the choir, print nice looking
    sheet music and hear them play.


everything you need to write your sheet music for the choir, up to 4
        staves.


increase your knowledge of music theory. the music theory course will
        help you improve your performances and you will enjoy singing even more.


this music software will also help you to learn your part and sing
        while the computer plays the other parts, at any tempo.


create an audio file of the score, with one or more voices playing.
        create an audio cd and give it to the choir members to help them
        practice their parts.

 
        learn more...


pizzicato guitar - write your tab


    pizzicato guitar contains all the tools you need to write sheet music for
    the guitar or other fretted instruments like the banjo, the bass, etc.


everything you need to write your own scores and tablatures or tab,
        for the guitar or for any fretted instrument.


enter the notes with the help of a guitar fret board window, showing
        the note names.


with this music software, enter music with the mouse on a tablature or
        on a standard staff. display both staff and tablature and pizzicato can
        convert from one to the other.


pizzicato can play the score at any tempo, and you can use this
        feature to practice on your own guitar. the notes are colored as they
        are played and an arrow follows the score.

 
        learn more...


pizzicato drums and percussion - write drums sheet
      music

 here is a unique music software, specifically designed for
    music notation of drums and percussion instruments.


everything you need to write your own drums and percussion sheet
        music, up to 8 staves.


you can define custom drums and percussion maps so that each line of a
        staff will play the instrument of your choice.


without being an expert, you can easily create and edit a drum
        pattern. pizzicato can play the pattern in a loop while you edit it, so
        you can intuitively modify it until you like it.


staves can have from 1 up to 16 lines so that you can create custom
        presentations of drum sheet music.

  learn more...


pizzicato soloist - one staff sheet music


    pizzicato soloist contains all the tools you need to write music for a solo
    instrument. print nice solo sheet music, whether for brass, woodwind, string
    instruments or any solo instrument written on one staff.


everything you need to write your own solo sheet music.


an extensive and easy to follow tutorial helps you mastering every
        aspect of this music software.


transpose the score from one tone to another, just by changing the key
        signature or by selecting an interval.


enter your exercises and play them with the computer as a reference
        for rhythm and pitch. you will improve quickly and enjoy even more
        playing your instrument.

 
        learn more...




 
music software for composition
 


pizzicato composition light

pizzicato composition light is a music software that
    introduces the concept of intuitive music composition. this is where you can
    start exploring music composition like never before, up to 8 staves. 


you will find innovative tools to explore harmony, melody and rhythm,
        as well as to arrange your own music.


never seen before - intuitive composition tools make music composition
        available to everyone.


an extensive and easy to follow tutorial helps you mastering every
        aspect of pizzicato.


pizzicato may be used as a stand-alone software or as a companion tool
        to any other music software.

 learn
        more...


harmony and counterpoint


    harmony and counterpoint for hundreds of years have been the basics of music
    composition. jazz, rock and entertainment music are also based on these
    principles. harmonize your melodies and easily create additional voices or a
    bass line. this music software lets you apply the theory in practise. 


compose for 2, 3 and 4 voices or instruments


applicable to any music styles


no knowledge of harmony required


this music software is an ideal companion to a harmony course

 
        learn more...


pizzicato composition pro

pizzicato composition pro introduces the concept of intuitive
    music composition. this is where you can start exploring music composition
    like never before, from the solo instrument to the full orchestra. 

you will find innovative tools to explore harmony, melody and rhythm,
        as well as to arrange your own music.


in this music software, you have access to the most advanced
        composition tools of pizzicato. you can graphically draw the shape of a
        melody.


never seen before - intuitive composition tools make music composition
        available to everyone.


music composition is not only notation - discover audio editing, sound
        creation, virtual synthesizers and a high quality sound library.

 
        learn more...




 
music software for education
 


pizzicato light


    pizzicato light is an introductory music software to learn music, make
    exercises, write small scores (1 or 2 pages) and use the basic midi and
    audio recording features. 


it contains a full music theory course, with many examples that
        combine with the discovery of the tools to enter music.


you can directly apply what you learn in practice. with it, you will
        be able to understand music notation.


you can also start practicing the music keyboard and make your first
        steps into music composition. 


play or sing while listening to the score at any tempo to improve your
        skills and rhythm.

 
        learn more...


alternative notation


    a music software to explore alternative music notation systems based on
    numbers


easy to read


easy to learn


no sharp, no flat


easy to sing and transpose

 
        learn more...


earmaster pro - ear training

this music software provides you with interactive
    ear training.


earmaster is highly interactive.


it gives you instant feedback on everything you do.


complexity will increase, as you make progress.


develops your ability to interact with other musicians.

 
        learn more...




 







          






 follow @musicomposition

 






watch the video
 


a quick tour

    a quick presentation of the main pizzicato features. see how pizzicato is
    different from other music software and how you can take advantage of it.


          watch the video



 
download the demo
 


try before buying

    download the free windows or mac demo version. with it, you can test all
    versions of pizzicato. 

download now

    contact the technical support if you have any question:

support@arpegemusic.com



 
which version is best for you ?
 


notation, composition, education



the ultimate solution...




music notation


for piano, synth or organ...









you sing or conduct a choir...


 you play the guitar...


 drums and percussion...


 violin, saxophone, flute, ...




 a cheap but powerful solution...





 all notation tools for the soloist to
              the full orchestra




 
              the music typing keyboard, the fastest solution to enter music...



intuitive music composition



 start to compose your own music...


 use the rules of harmony and
              counterpoint...


 advanced tools for intuitive music
              composition...



music education


discover,
            teach yourself and experiment music theory...



 explore alternative music notation
              systems based on numbers...


 interactive ear training software...





 



 
top of page
 â©
      copyright 2000-2024 - arpege sprl
      all rights reserved for all countries
      pizzicato is a trademark owned by arpege sprl

 

