home - new testament baptist church       our ministriesget involvedonline bible studycontact usservice timesmap & directionsabout ntbcscholarship application our ministriesget involvedonline bible studycontact usservice timesmap & directionsabout ntbcscholarship application(916) 344-0440   our ministriesget involvedonline bible studycontact usservice timesmap & directionsabout ntbcscholarship application our ministriesget involvedonline bible studycontact usservice timesmap & directionsabout ntbcscholarship applicationcall us(916) 344-0440   our ministriesget involvedonline bible studycontact usservice timesmap & directionsabout ntbcscholarship application our ministriesget involvedonline bible studycontact usservice timesmap & directionsabout ntbcscholarship applicationcall us(916) 344-0440a church with a vision   new testament baptist church   our mission       who we are      prayer wall      live broadcast      online giving      who we are      scholarship application ourmission & beliefs  contained in this church are some precious people. each person is an individual, created uniquely in the image of god, and together we make up god’s family, the body of the church.   what we doour mission a common purpose unites us. we are called to be his people by living, working, and worshiping in his will. out of our diversity, god has brought a unity of love in service to him. serve the community   we believe we are called to be a church that opens our hearts to local communities, building relationships and continuing the work god is already doing.    our ministries   study the bible   at new testament baptist church, we believe that the holy bible was written by men divinely inspired and is the record of god’s revelation of himself to man.    service times   use your gifts   the church is a diverse community. we welcome members of new testament to get involved and use the unique gifts that god has given each of us.    get involved     you matter to god.  you matter to us.   we are a church that believes we are called to be his people by living, working, and worshiping in his will. out of our diversity, god has brought a unity of love in service to him. we are passionate about the local church and our surrounding community. we want you to know that god loves you and you have a home here.       facebook-f      twitter      instagram   about us     who we are      our ministries      service times      map & directions get involved     contact us      online bible study          
