










 





omnigsoft - cross-platform app developer / solution provider: main page























omnigsoft  - innovation never ends




























 chinese

⭐⭐⭐ a new graphics engine implemented by vulkan 1.1 has been added in pooka sdk, which can be chosen to power pooka sdk applications on windows, android, macos and ios. ⭐⭐⭐



  a dynamic team dedicated to cross-platform app development     

full-stack expertise on cross-platform app development



 started as a mobile game developer, we gained full-stack solid experience in cross-platform application development. analyzing, programming, optimization, testing, and deployment, throughout the whole application development cycle, we know how to do it in an efficient way and generate the best in quality.  
high quality app ui design



 the user interface design is one of our strong techniques. we make gratifying user experiences for customers and consumers. we are specialized in intuitive, modern, stylish, or even fantasy ui design. when it comes to gaming app development, we have state-of-the-art technologies across all kinds of game genres, from puzzle, side-scrolling, isometric strategy to 3d action, racing, role-playing, even an immersive vr game.   


keep up with the latest technology



 the software industry is seeing technology innovation happening everyday, which not only changes the way developers make applications, but also the way consumers use them. our team is passionate and agile about new technologies. particularly, we are specialized in innovative visual and graphics technologies like 3d ui, vr (virtual reality), ar (augmented reality), and 3d human perception.  
you bring the idea, we do the rest!



 there's no commercial app too large, or a small game too small.
 our app development methodology is purpose-built for all kinds of app projects and results in quicker time-to-market, predictable delivery, high quality, and maximum return on investment.
 contact us ▸ 

   

 omnigsoft game studio - making games for all screens    check out our game gallery, which shows you all of our previously released game titles across major mobile platforms. some award-winning game titles have helped omnigsoft gain reputation in game developer community. omnigsoft studio has full-stack skills and expertise in cross-platform game development, which makes us capable of working on game projects in wide range of game genres.    omnigsoft games ▸ 


  

 pooka sdk® - a cross-platform app engine makes developers' dream come true     





main features

pure native (c/c++) api guarantees the best performance at runtime
universal api makes cross-platform application development efficient
intuitive and easy-learning framework for developers of all skill levels
covers most of mainstream application platforms
hardware accelerated graphics powered by vulkan, opengl or directx
graphics intensive application development made easy
2d and 3d scene graph engine dedicated to game development

platform coverage

windows desktop
macos
ios
android (through ndk)
universal windows platform (uwp)

how does pooka sdk® differ from other cross-platform app tools?
pooka sdk is not another hybrid web app builder (like appcelerator and apache cordova) that generates apps run inside a web container, nor does it use interpreted language and rely on a virtual machine to run on the target device.
pooka sdk is a cross-platform development tool that generates first-class native apps and games with full access to native platform api. the pooka sdk's universal api is purely engineered in standard c/c++, directly on platform's native api, which means the apps and games powered by pooka sdk are programmed in c/c++ and the source code is shared for all supported platforms. it does not rely on an extra virtual machine or runtime environment when running on the target devices, which is commonly seen on other cross-platform app tools or game engine. for example, the mono runtime is the virtual machine powers apps generated by xamarin and unity; the dart virtual machine is the virtual machine powers apps generated by google flutter.
visit pooka sdk official website to see a comparison of pooka sdk and other cross-platform app/game development tools.    pooka sdk website ▸   try pooka sdk now ▸ 


   






        copyright 2018 omnig software inc.© all rights reserved worldwide.
        omnigsoft, pooka sdk are copyright and registered trademarks of omnig software inc.
    






