






evidence for supernatural reality




which religion should i choose to
        believe in?



 
firstly
why should i believe in any religion at all?
the spirit realm may only be a figment of my imagination.
what proof is there of the supernatural?
 
secular
evidence for the existence of supernatural reality. 



1. observation
2. chance and probability
3. phenomenon
4. resource material
5. definitions


 


1.
observation.


observation
is the action or process of closely observing or monitoring.


when
i observe an object or an event with one or more of my five senses, i perceive
that this object or event is real.


my
record of this observation enables me to know that such an object or event
existed in the past.


this
constitutes the first level of veracity.


records
of another person having observed details of an object or event which existed in
the past constitute the second level of veracity.


i
can choose to believe or not to believe them.


if
these records show internal consistency and external consistency, i will tend to
consider them as reliable.


internal
consistency is the lack of contradictory statements in the record.


external
consistency is the presence of descriptions which correspond with the times,
names, places and events around about the time when the object existed or event
occurred.


the
degree to which i can consider such records as reliable is the degree i believe
that such an object or event is real


 



2.
chance and probability


chance
is the occurrence of events in the absence of any obvious design or cause.


probability
is the extent to which something is likely to happen or to be the case.


how
do i estimate the probability of an event occurring at any point in time?


this
depends on the past history of occurrence of that event.


take
for instance, the rising of the sun within the next 24 hours. the probability is
almost one in one. why not one in one? this is because there is a very remote
chance that an astronomic cataclysm may occur to our solar system. i maintain
this opinion because i extrapolate from the observation that such events have
been observed in other solar systems.


i
know that the rising of the sun every 24 hours is the result of the rotation of
the earth about its own axis. my question is how this rotation came about in the
first place. was it by chance or by design?


scissors
is an instrument used for cutting cloth and paper, consisting of two crossing
blades pivoted in the middle and operated by thumb and fingers inserted in rings
at each end


scissors
are not found in nature. they are the product of man.


if
i have an attitude that i am not interested in the origin of scissors, the
matter stops here.


if,
on the other hand, i have an attitude that i am interested in the origin of
scissors, my next question is how did the first scissor come about?


i
do not know the answer.


i
can only guess that some occurrence in nature gave the idea to a person who used
it to modify two knives to act as the two blades of the scissors.


i
can guess that the occurrence in nature happened by chance. i can also guess
that the idea came to the inventor by chance.


by
this form of reasoning, i can attribute the origin of the scissors to chance.


by
this form of reasoning, i can attribute the origin of any and every contrived
object or process to chance.


as
far as natural objects are concerned, i can also hold the opinion that all are
the product of chance operating on previous objects.


this
form of reasoning allows me to extrapolate to the logical conclusion that all
existence is the product of chance.


did
matter come about by chance?


if
i am of the attitude to believe this, then this discussion stops here.


if
i am of the attitude to consider other alternatives, where is my starting point
in reality?


i
choose to look at phenomena and see what they indicate.


 


3.
phenomenon


phenomenon
is a fact or situation that is observed to exist or happen, especially one whose
cause is in question.


i
would like to discuss two phenomena.


the
existence of matter is a phenomenon.


if
i am of the opinion that matter existed from the infinite past, then i may find
it pointless to continue this discussion.


however, is
this opinion supported by evidence?


i
prefer to commence my inquiry from the starting point of reality.


i
could look at evidence from astronomy and physics.


observational
cosmology including findings from the hubble telescope provided evidence for the
expanding universe as arising from a point source some 10 to 20 billion years
ago.    


the
ambient temperature of outer space is three degrees kelvin, consistent with a
big bang origin of the universe.  


moreover, the half-life decay of radioactive
elements indicate the origin to be 12 to 15 billion years ago.  



thus it appears that scientific evidence support
the opinion that the universe started from a finite point (singularity) between
12 and 14 billion years ago. this is described by albert einstein as the big
bang.


hence the opinion that matter existed from the
infinite past is not supported by observed reality.


the
next logical question would be what was it like before the big bang?


i do not know the answer. 


one possible answer is that there was nothing. 


but how can something as large and as massive as the
universe arise from nothing? 


permit me to drop this discussion thread for the moment.
i will come back to it later. 


the next phenomenon is something completely different. 


some
temple mediums have given uncannily accurate confidential private and personal
details of the departed. some have even spoken in the voice and accent of the
departed.


one
explanation is that this phenomenon has occurred by chance. however, the
consistency of this ability in some temple mediums indicate that the likelihood
of chance is rather remote.


there
are cases of children being able to recall events experienced by deceased
individuals when they were alive. 


one
explanation is that this phenomenon has occurred by chance. however, the number
of corroborated cases indicate that the likelihood of chance is rather remote.


these
phenomena are not explicable from the reality governed by our space-time
dimensions.


however
a reality outside the constraints of our space-time reality would be able to
explain these phenomena.


i
call this reality supernatural reality.


it
is conceivable that this extra reality existed before the big bang which
occurred 10 to 20 billion years ago.
how
do i explain this extra reality?
for my
answer to how i explain supernatural reality, click here.




 

4.
resource material


observational
cosmology including findings from the hubble telescope provided evidence for the
expanding universe as arising from a point source some 10 to 20 billion years
ago. 
ftp://ftp.hq.nasa.gov/pub/pao/pressrel/1999/99-065.txt
http://www.astro.ucla.edu/~wright/age.html  



the
ambient temperature of outer space is three degrees kelvin, consistent with the
theory of a big bang origin of the universe.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cosmic_microwave_background
http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/aso/databank/entries/dp65co.html 



moreover, the half-life decay of radioactive
elements indicate the origin to be 12 to 15 billion years ago.
http://astro.berkeley.edu/~dperley/univage/univage.html
http://www.astro.ucla.edu/~wright/age.html  



some
temple mediums have given uncannily accurate confidential private and personal
details of the departed. some have even spoken in the voice and accent of the
departed.
http://faculty.orinst.ox.ac.uk/terhaar/shamanism.htm



there are cases of children being able to recall events experienced by
deceased individuals when they were alive. 
(old  souls, 
the  scientific 
evidence  for 
past  lives 
by  tom 
shroder, published  by 
simon &  schuster, 
rockefeller  center, 
1230,  ave of the americas, 
new  york, 
ny  10020. 
isbn  0-684-85192-x © 1999
providing details of the work of ian stevenson)
http://www.merliannews.com/books_6/old_souls_the_scientific_evidence_for_past_lives_by_tom_shroder.shtml






 
next          
to
see my answers to some challenging questions, click on the
following hyperlinks.

secular evidence for the existence of
  supernatural reality (home page)
how i explain supernatural reality

bible prophecies have correctly predicted events in secular history
predictions about yeshua (jesus)
which religion should i choose to believe in

why i believe islam and islamic
belief are false

why i believe hinduism and hindu
belief are false
why i believe
buddhism and buddhist belief are false
why i believe
new age and new age belief are false

why i believe baha'i and baha'i belief are false

miracles performed by jesus
christ
why things happen the way they do
is there free will when exercising choice

how can three be one
invitation to spread the message


back
to home page

 
if you are coming back here again, you may like to
bookmark this page
please contact the webmaster at questionsfinallyanswered@gmail.com
if you have any questions or comments.

  



   

   
5.
definitions
the
following are the definitions of terms used in this discussion.
actual:
existing in fact
belief:
an acceptance that something exists or is true, especially one without
proof.  a firmly held opinion or conviction
believe:
feel sure of the truth.  accept the statement (of someone) as true
believe
in: have faith in the truth or existence of
chance:
a possibility of something happening; the probability of something happening. 
the occurrence of events in the absence of any obvious design or cause
clairvoyance:
the supposed faculty of perceiving
events in the future or beyond normal sensory contact. 
clairvoyant:
a person claiming to have clairvoyance.
create:
bring into existence
creation:
the action or process of creating
a thing which has been made or invented, especially something showing artistic
talent
design:
a plan or drawing produced to show the look and function or workings of
something before it is built or made
the art or action of conceiving and producing such a plan or drawing
purpose or planning that exists behind an action or object
to do or plan something with a specific purpose in mind
event
a thing that happens or takes place
exist
having objective reality or being
fact
a thing that is indisputably the case
the truth about events as opposed to interpretation
faith:
complete trust or confidence. strong belief in a religion based on spritual
apprehension rather than proof. a system of religious belief
guess:
estimate or suppose (something) without sufficient information to be sure of
being correct
correctly conjecture or perceive
guesswork:
the process or result of guessing
history:
the study of past events
a continuous, typically chronological, record of past events or trends
idea:
a thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action
a mental impression
a belief
intent:
intention or purpose
intention:
an aim or plan
the action or fact of intending
intentional:
deliberate
invent
create or design ( a new device, process etc)
invention:
the action of inventing
something invented
know:
be aware of through observation, inquiry or information. be absolutely sure of
something
knowledge:
information and skills acquired through experience or education.  awareness
or familiarity gained through experience. true, justified belief, as opposed to
opinion
likely:
such as well might happen or be true
logic:
reasoning conducted or assessed according to strict principles of validity
the ability to reason correctly
nature
the phenomena of the physical world collectively, including plants, animals and
the landscape as opposed to humans or human creations
the basic or inherent features, qualities or character of a person or thing
natural:
existing in or derived from nature; not made, caused by, or processed by humans
observe:
notice, perceive
observation:
the action or process of closely observing or monitoring
a comment based on something one has seen, heard or noticed
opinion:
a view or judgement not necessarily based on fact or knowledge  an
estimation of quality or worth 
paranormal:
events or phenomena supposedly beyond the scope of normal scientific
understanding.
phenomenon:
a fact or situation that is observed to exist or happen, especially one whose
cause is in question
physical: 
relating to things perceived through the
senses as opposed to the mind
tangible or concrete
probability:
the extent to which something is probable
probable:
likely to happen or to be the case
real:
actually existing or occurring in fact, not imagined or supposed
relating to something as it is, not merely as it may be described or
distinguished

reality: the state of things as they actually exist, as opposed to an idealistic
or notional idea of them
things that are actually experienced or seen
the state or quality of having existence or substance
existence that is absolute, self-sufficient or objective, and not subject to
human decisions or conventions
reason:
the power of the mind to think, understand and to form judgments logically
reliable: able to be relied
on.
rely: 
trust fully
have faith in
be dependent on  
séance:
a meeting at which people attempt to make contact with the dead.
secular: not religious,
sacred, or spiritual.
shaman: a person regarded as having access to, and
influence in, the world of good and evil spirits, especially among some peoples
of northern asia and north america.
spiritual: relating
to or affecting the human spirit as opposed to material or physical things. 
relating to religion or religious belief.
supernatural: a
manifestation or event is described as supernatural if it is attributed to some
force beyond scientific understanding or the laws of nature.
theory:
supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, especially one
based on general principles independent of the thing to be explained
true:
in accordance with fact or reality
genuine
truth:
the quality or state of being true
that which is true as opposed to false
valid:
actually supporting the intended point or claim
veracious
speaking or representing the truth
veracity:
conformity to facts
accuracy
verify:
make sure or demonstrate that something is true, accurate or justified
 
next          
to
see my answers to some challenging questions, click on the
following hyperlinks.

secular evidence for the existence of
  supernatural reality (home page)
how i explain supernatural reality

bible prophecies have correctly predicted events in secular history
predictions about yeshua (jesus)
which religion should i choose to believe in

why i believe islam and islamic
belief are false

why i believe hinduism and hindu
belief are false
why i believe
buddhism and buddhist belief are false
why i believe
new age and new age belief are false

why i believe baha'i and baha'i belief are false

miracles performed by jesus
christ
why things happen the way they do
is there free will when exercising choice

how can three be one
invitation to spread the message


back
to home page

 
if you are coming back here again, you may like to
bookmark this page

please contact the webmaster at questionsfinallyanswered@gmail.com
  if you have any questions or comments.

 



   
 


