




hailey, brody, casey & wray | atlanta dermatology



















































new name, same traditional, excellent service
new name, same traditional, excellent service

phone
(404) 525-7409


atlanta dermatologyhome
the practice

blog
directions
patient forms
medical records
online payments


the providers

harold j. brody, m.d.
darren l. casey, m.d.
g. williamson wray iii, m.d.
katrina robinson, nurse practitioner
rachel m. bates, pa-c


services

general dermatology

acne
eczema
facial redness and rosacea
growth removal


cosmetic dermatology

smooth wrinkles
cryotherapy facial
minimize excessive sweating
tighten and lift chin
volumize and define lips
restore cheek contour
rejuvenate hands
permanent cosmetics


procedures

cryotherapy facial
spider and varicose vein treatments
lipoatrophy treatments
chemical peeling and facial resurfacing
fat transfer
liposuction surgery


pediatric dermatology
skin cancer treatment


schedule an appointment

our services
our services
atlanta dermatology provides all aspects of cosmetic, surgical and medical dermatology and dermatologic surgery. we also specialize in preventative care, pediatric dermatology and face rejuvenation.




general dermatology
cosmetic dermatology
procedures
pediatric dermatology
skin cancer treatment



general dermatology 
			atlanta dermatology proudly offers state-of-the-art treatment capabilities for all general dermatologic conditions. we have years of experience treating and caring for our patients with both common and rare dermatological conditions.			learn more 






cosmetic dermatology 
			our experienced dermatologists are well-versed in proven treatments that create an attractive and natural improvement in your skin’s appearance.			learn more 






procedures 
			we are equipped with the experience and equipment to provide safe and effective medical & surgical procedures. no matter your needs, we will ensure that you receive the best results.			learn more 






pediatric dermatology 
			our team of physicians are trained to address both common and rare pediatric dermatology conditions in children from birth through their teenage years.			learn more 






skin cancer treatment 
			as the most common form of cancer in the u.s., skin cancer is something that cannot be taken lightly. atlanta dermatology offers a wide range of skin cancer examination and treatment services to ensure you stay safe.			learn more 






our physicians
our physicians
the physicians of atlanta dermatology have been honored by their patients and other doctors as being among the best dermatologists in america. each physician is board-certified by the american board of dermatology and is a fellow of the american society for dermatologic surgery and the american academy of dermatology.
meet our physicians


become an atlanta dermatology patient
become an atlanta dermatology patient
if you’re interested in speaking with one of our dermatologists, we would be more than happy to meet with you. call us at (404) 525-7409 to schedule and appointment.  after you’ve made an appointment, download our patient forms, fill them out, and bring them with you to your appointment.
download patient forms



homearchives

december 2022
march 2020
september 2017
july 2017


 request an appointment | (404) 525-7409
1218 west paces ferry road nw, suite 200, atlanta, georgia 30327
discrimination is against the law-interpreter services


copyright © 2025


copyright © 2025 · atlanta dermatology on genesis framework · wordpress · log in 


