











welcome - http://www.ctsaa.org











































































































 










↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.







translateselect language english/ español/?lang=es 




            http://www.ctsaa.org
ceramic tile & stone association of arizona 
 

 


welcome
about us

our mission
our history
directors
ctsaa code of ethics


membership

become a member
directory of members


blogs
galleries

january 2025 ctsaa dinner
2024 dinners & events

december 2024 ctsaa casino night holiday party
november 2024 dinner meeting
october 2024 dinner meeting
september 2024 dinner meeting
june 5, 2024 educational dinner
2024 ralph williamson memorial golf tournament gallery
april 2024 educational dinner


2023 events

2023 casino night & holiday party


our members at work


industry links
calendar
contact us


















 









 















 














striving to define and communicate the standards of the tile and stone industry through a commitment to education, excellence and technology 
















 

								meet our members and find your professional							







							does your home need brightening up? have your flooring and counters seen their better days? do you have questions about the best methods or materials? you can find your professinal here. 						

							search our member directory						

















 

								meet our board of directors							

								the ctsaa is run by the finest leaders in our industry! 							







							the ctsaa leadership team sets the standards						

							our leadership team holds themselves, and all members to the highest standards in the industry. 						

							learn more						

















 

								the ctsaa video library							







							come in and learn about  the latest techniques, products, and industry changes.						

							explore the library						























 

5 mar
5:30 pm


 

daltile 
march 2025 dinner meeting



  

10 may
all day


 

legacy golf course 
save the date:  2025 ctsaa annual ralph williamson memorial golf tournament



 
 
















						join ctsaa today!					

						become a member and enjoy the support of the most knowledgeable professionals in arizona!					


						join us now					



join today





















ctsaa news 

















				ctsaa member mexican tile & stone co. featured in august phoenix home & garden magazine			


			read more »		



			july 31, 2024		

			no comments		








				happy independence day			


			read more »		



			july 3, 2024		

			no comments		

















 



















ctsaaz
established in 1988, ctsaa is a dynamic and well-respected contractor trade association.








tile mortar isn't "one size fits all". if you are 






when you hire a ctsaa member not only are they hig






the perfect floor is the creative design touch tha


 





happy valentine's day! 

this is also the time of 






one of the most critical components of any project






it may not feel like it, but we are in the midst o


 





having the perfect pavers makes all the difference


 





it's meet our members monday and today we are chec


 





in the superbowl of ceramic, tile, and stone compa






the perfect counter is the centerpiece of any room


 





tile can take many forms and appearances. they can


 





we are learning about the advantages of behavior-b
 





our fenruary educational & networking dinner is in






having the perfect patio can be breathtaking! from


 





9 hours from now you will be missing out on our fe






in just 28 hours registration will end for our feb






on this meet our members monday, we are looking be






if you are planning a remodel or a new build, don'






sometimes a project needs more than a simple backs


 





there are a mere five days left to register for ou



 


load more






 follow on instagram















 












visit our social media pages 






facebook
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 



































 ceramic tile and stone association of arizona (ctsaa)
established 1988 • a 501-c-6 non-profit organization
p.o. box 33861  phoenix, az 85067-3861
http://www.ctsaa.org  info@ctsaa.com
 

website created by brian, the computer wizard – contact: brian woloshin


 

©2025 - http://www.ctsaa.org  
 - weaver xtreme theme   
 

↑











































