







calvary christian reformed church - join us in following jesus


















































                our church
              



                who we are
              



                what we do
              



                youth
              



                serve others
              















                our church
              



                who we are
              



                what we do
              



                youth
              



                serve others
              














our churchjoin us on sundays 10:30 am





worship service 10:30 am every sundayour location: 5300 france ave s edina, mn 55410join us inside or on the live stream sunday school for all ages every sunday 9:15-10:15 amnursery available for babies through age 3 during the service



worship service



offering - https://calvarytwincities.churchcenter.com/giving“each of you should give what you have decided in your heart to give, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for god loves a cheerful giver.” - 2 cor. 9:7sunday bulletinlink to all service videos



upcoming events













ongoing ministriesgems, cadets, choir, theology class on 1st and 3rd wednesdayssecond saturdays women’s group on second saturdays of the monthworkin’ man bible study on zoom tuesdays at noonanchor youth group on sunday nightsbible study fellowship on tuesday nightsedina chorale concerts



calvary christian reformed church is christ-centeredbible-believing gospel-motivatedcommunity-building.our mission is to proclaim the good news of jesus in word and deed here, near, and far.



why calvary?are you looking for a church? are you looking for community? are you looking for purpose? are you looking for truth? we invite you to attend a worship service. if you want to commit to calvary christian reformed church and our ministry in the twin cities, here are steps you can take.fill out a connection card in the worship center during a sunday service or below in the online form.enjoy a new members lunch to learn more about calvary and ask any questions you may have. click the link to learn more about who we are. be approved by our church council to become a member.join our church through baptism, profession of faith, or being welcomed during a sunday service! 













sunday school storieszacchaeusluke 19:1-10pastor nick van beek












artwork by louis hopf





digital connection card










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              phone (optional)
              
            



(###)





###





####





              i would like to...
              
                *

 talk to a pastor
 talk to an elder or deacon (our church council)
 talk to a church member
 receive more info about calvary
 become a member of calvary christian reformed church



              do you have any more questions or comments for us? thanks for visiting! we hope to see you soon!
              
            






thank you!

















































back to top
calvary christian reformed church, 5300 france avenue south, minneapolis, mn, 55410, united states9528316264secretary@calvarycrc.net


calvary christian reformed church5300 france ave s, edina, minnesota 55410(952) 831-6264secretary@calvarycrc.netpowered by squarespace









