

  








northern bristol county ma registry of deeds |




































skip to main content












northern bristol county registry of deedsbarry j. amaralregister 









11 court streettaunton, ma 02780contact uscontact us 






 



registry infoattleboro registry  contact information electronic recording fees & filings important links  indexing standards 2025subscribe to notificationspublic records requests  employment opportunitiesamericans with disabilities actproperty fraudfile a homestead exemption increase 2024homestead formsfaqsrecords search 































        quick links      


fees & filings
indexing standards
records search
contact us











        latest news      





  
property fraud alertin an effort to reduce the risk of real estate fraud, the bristol county north registry of deeds offers a free property fraud alert. more » 

  
homestead exemption increase - 2024homestead exemption increased to $1 million - 2024 more » 

  
recording feeseffective december 31, 2019 the legislature increased the statewide recording fees for the community preservation act. more » 

  
information on recording procedures & rulesas set forth by the current massachusetts deeds indexing standards. more » 

  
electronic recordingthe registry now accepts registered land documents for electronic filing. more » 

  
credit card acceptancethe registry accepts credit cards at the counter. more » 


 





 












        welcome!      



 


hello, and thank you for visiting.for most americans, the opportunity for financial security is through home ownership.  at the registry of deeds, we take very seriously our responsibility to preserve the records of property transactions in northern bristol county.  the registry of deeds maintains a record of documents that may provide the basis for investment decisions and also protects your legal interests.i am very pleased that we are able to allow homeowners, sellers, buyers, and real estate professionals, online access to documents.  online recorded land records are available back to january 1772 (book 54).   all land court documents and recorded land plans are available online.  we have also made available pdf files containing the images of all the grantor and grantee indices for dates prior to the online indices dates.understanding the language of real property, obtaining expert counsel, and accessing key information, at the moment you need it, will improve sound decision-making for everyone.thank you for the opportunity to serve.sincerely,barry j. amaralregister of deeds 













        we serve:      



 


the towns & cities of: • attleboro• berkley• dighton• easton• mansfield• north attleborough• norton• raynham• rehoboth• seekonk• taunton
















 

 













northern bristol county registry of deeds (main office)11 court streettaunton, ma 02780508-822-0502registry@tauntondeeds.comlandcourt@tauntondeeds.commonday - friday: 8:00am - 4:00pmdirections 







satellite office75 park streetattleboro, ma 02703508-455-6100attlebororegistry@tauntondeeds.commonday - friday: 9:00am - 3:30pmno registered land (land court) recordings accepteddirections 




government websites by civicplus®
login 














