










home - niceville valparaiso chamber of commerce
























































 
 

















skip to content


















































































menu 
chamber who we are board of directors professional staff chamber champions advocacy divisions committees and roundtables affiliates and partners our history gallery contact usfoundation foundation board of directors niceville young professionals education task forcearea visit relocate economic development main events dining things to do places to stayeducationmembership member application online directory printable directory member map membership benefits coupons & discounts advertising and sponsorships diversity, equity & inclusion awards app and formsnews & jobs chamber news e-press express archives blog member news membership insider workforce needsevents events community calendar chamber calendar chamber programs submit eventresources the florida scorecard hurricane preparednessjoin today!








 




































welcome to






niceville, valparaiso & bluewater bay!









facebook





instagram





youtube


















calendar


event calendar 
 














calendar


join today 
 
















calendar


find a member 
 














calendar


member login 
 





















we build, strengthen, and support economic and community vitality.
while conducting our mission, we are guided by the following a, b, c principles: advocating for businesses, building cooperative alliances, and connecting business, government, and community.




































become a member






the niceville valparaiso chamber of commerce has a rich history in building and supporting our prosperous business community. incorporated in 1956 with only 12 members, this organization has grown along with our area, representing more than 600 members and growing!







learn more









































explore the area






our beautiful area is located in the emerald coast region of northwest florida -
only a few minutes north of the beautiful beaches of destin and south walton county.
our chamber of commerce is focused on promoting business and enhancing the quality of life in our community. need help planning a visit?





















                                shopping                            














                                dining                            














                                lodging                            














                                events                            















upcoming events








view calendar













view directory










 












© 2025 niceville valparaiso chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone

















trustee members
















                                canvas inc logo                            














                                carr riggs and ingram logo                            














                                ccb community bank logo                            














                                chelco logo                            














                                cox communications logo                            














                                crosspoint logo                            














                                destin fort walton beach logo                            














                                eglin federal credit union logo                            














                                fpl logo                            














                                hca florida fort walton - destin hospital logo                            














                                hca florida twin cities hospital logo                            














                                live oak fiber logo                            














                                northwest florida state college logo                            














                                okaloosa gas 3d logo                            














                                superior air conditioning logo                            














                                the manor at blue water bay logo                            














                                vertex solutions logo                            














                                wm logo                            






next
previous








































niceville valparaiso chamber of commerce









telephone




850-678-2323 










address




1055 east john sims parkway, niceville, fl 32578 










email




info@nicevillechamber.com 










facebook





instagram





youtube

































 © 2025 niceville valparaiso chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top

















