



cypress meadows community church  |  church in clearwater florida


















































new here














   menu


























new here
















   menu














































we are all about bringing everyone closer to god

everyone is welcome.seriously. every week at cypress, christians and non-christians, seekers and skeptics, fired-up and burned out all come together in search of answers to life’s great questions. there’s always room for more. we hope to see you soon!

sundays at 9:15 & 11 amon campus: 2180 north mcmullen booth rd, clearwater, fl 33759online: watch live here




































cypress weekly newsletter


stay up to date on upcoming events, highlights, prayer requests and more, delivered to your inbox each tuesday






sign up for the newsletter






























we believe 


church is more about a people than a place. people who want you in their life, who accept you for who you are, and love you no matter what.


plan your visit now





























faq


have questions? we have the answers!











joining in-person?










where do i participate in-person?





if you’re looking for a church in the clearwater area, you’ll love cypress meadows. cypress meadows community church is located in clearwater, fl and serves clearwater, safety harbor, dunedin, palm harbor, oldsmar and other surrounding communities.






cypress meadows community church 2180 north mcmullen booth rdclearwater, florida 33759


cypress meadows community church2180 mcmullen booth roadclearwater, fl 33759






what time is service in-person?





services at cypress meadows are on sundays at 9:15 & 11 am. the time is the same whether you choose to join us online or in-person! our online services are streamed live on facebook as well as here on our website- you'll be able to engage wherever you're joining from.






is there something for my kids?





yes! kids and families are one of our highest priorities. at cypress meadows, we focus on raising up the next generation of leaders who will change the world for the kingdom. during service, kids can participate in classes, share in live worship, and earn kids bucks to spend in our store at the end of the month. learn more below.


my kids














joining online?










how do i participate digitally?





if you choose to participate in cypress meadows services digitally, all you need is a smartphone, computer, or smart tv! pull up our services live on facebook on sunday mornings, or click on the button below to join us here on our website and engage and connect with others in the comments.


watch online






what time is service online?





services at cypress meadows are on sundays at 9:15 & 11 am. the time is the same whether you choose to join us online or in-person! our online services are streamed live on facebook and here on our website - you'll be able to engage wherever you're joining from.






























you're invited


to a church in clearwater, fl


plan your visit now






































new here


events

watch & listen




families


staff




giving

contact

     2180 north mcmullen booth rd, clearwater, fl 33759     m-f 9:00 am - 4:30 pm eastern timesundays 9:15 & 11 am services    office@cypressmeadows.org     727.725.4570





















all rights reserved. powered by ministry designs omega
























