   osha compliance training | workplace safety & certification              skip to contentserving general manufacturing, industry, construction and government since 1981.
osha training req | osha standards | training photososha training requirements | osha standards | training photos





call 800-794-7233

homeaboutabout sts, inc.testimonialscertificationsservicessafety management and consultationgeneral industry oshaconstruction safetyemergency preparednesshazardous materials and environmental compliancetransportation safetyfood safetyindustrial hygieneclassestraining classestraining photostraining manualsosha required manuals safety training specialists offers simple, practical solutions to your complex compliance problems. a hard-cover notebook with a computer disk for customizing to your site. the first element evaluated by an osha inspector is your written documentation. (sample of cal osha inspection form) safety manuals on disk have been designed by safety professionals with decades of practical experience in occupational safety and health fields. so why reinvent the wheel? save thousands of dollars in potential fines by ordering osha safety manuals on disk. more than the “how-to” manuals or regulations on what you are required to have. the printed manuals come with a computer disk that allows site-specific customization (i.e. the name of the company, persons responsible, and other specific information required by the osha standards). have been reviewed by osha to meet the respective standards. contains a current copy of the regulations from both california and federal osha for easy reference. includes checklists, forms, and reference material on the related subject. contains english and spanish reproducible employee training booklets, written exams, answer keys and documentation of training forms. toll-free technical support is available. customized on-site train-the-trainer programs are available. english and spanish training videos are available for all topics. saves time, money,…osha reqsosha training requirementsosha standardscommon osha violationsoffice locationsccr title codesnewscontact800-794-7233

0
toggle website search
search this website



0



menu
close
homeaboutabout sts, inc.testimonialscertificationsservicessafety management and consultationgeneral industry oshaconstruction safetyemergency preparednesshazardous materials and environmental compliancetransportation safetyfood safetyindustrial hygieneclassestraining classestraining photostraining manualsosha reqsosha training requirementsosha standardscommon osha violationsoffice locationsccr title codesnewscontact800-794-7233

0
toggle website search


 safety training services
on-site training

osha case representation

safety audits & inspections

monthly safety meetings
what can we help you with?safety management & consultationgeneral industry oshaconstruction safetyemergency preparednesshazardous materials & environmental compliancetransportation safetyfood safetyindustrial hygieneabout safety training specialistssafety training specialists, inc. excels in providing professional and comprehensive, multi-agency regulatory compliance and bilingual training for businesses in english and spanish, general industry, construction, and municipalities.we accomplish this by providing outstanding customer service with the highest level of ethical standards and professional integrity. we pride ourselves with the ability to strategically align our company’s services within your organizational structure to assist you in accomplishing safety goals. 

 

 



 
learn more

our goal is to help you...



comply with multi agency regulations: osha, hazmat, and dot



manage a nationwide safety program



lower workers compensation insurance premiums



reduce risk, liability, and costly litigation



reduce osha fines



boost employee morale



increase quality and productivity



qualify for the california voluntary protection program starour certificationswe are an authorized training center for the american safety and health institute and authorized instructors for the california specialized training institute. our team of safety professionals possess industry standard certifications. see all our certifications.

training classeswe offer a wide range of osha training courses for any industry. we can help your business determine the proper amount of training required to ensure compliance with state and federal regulations. classes are conducted at your location at a time and date convenient anywhere in the usa, mexico, central and latin america.see all classes >

 

certified & compliant						
meet and exceed ca/federal osha standards, dot, and nfpa. course instruction adheres to ansi 2016 standards for teaching environmental health and safety.

 

expert training						
led by certified experts with more than 30 years of experience.

 

customized						
curriculum tailored to meet your site-specific needs.

 

bilingual						
all our classes are being offered in english and spanish.featured


active shooter – violence in the workplace			

view class		


covid-19 pandemic training program			

view class		


emergency response training			

view class		


sexual harassment training			

view class		


silica worker & supervisor training			

view class		


workplace violence prevention training			

view class		10/30-hour courses


10 or 30-hour construction safety and health course			

view class		


10 or 30-hour osha general industry worker health & safety			

view class		confined space training


confined space entry training			

view class		


confined space rescue training			

view class		construction & equipment training


aerial devices/scissor lift safety			

view class		


backhoe/loader			

view class		


boom (bucket) truck safety			

view class		


mobile cranes under 15,000 lbs.			

view class		


qualified signal person and rigger training			

view class		





see all other classes

osha case, informal conference & appeals representationwe know your rights and we know cal osha’s limits. we know what is fair and we know what is out of line. we can protect your interests! our representation provides the maximum reduction in fines levied by cal osha on your current alleged citations. when feasible, every attempt will be made to get the alleged citation items deleted. ethically and legally sts inc. cannot guarantee the outcome of your case. we negotiate for you. we handle all the paperwork. we handle all of the responses, yet you make all final decisions!





learn more

our clientswhat our clients say
"frank j. pedraza's quick response to an accident and successful representation and appeals saved us thousands of dollars regarding cal/osha compliance citations."
american nail platingpartial client list



usc



ucla



city of lancaster



cal state dominguez hills



city of los angeles



city of pasadena



county of los angeles



los angeles county sheriff department



county of los angeles sanitation districtschedule training or consultation services today!let us assist you in accomplishing your safety goals to maintain osha compliance.


call 800-794-7233

established in 1981, safety training specialists, inc. excels in providing professional and comprehensive, multi-agency regulatory compliance and bilingual training for businesses, general industry, construction, and municipalities.site search
contact info

toll-free:

(800) 794-7233


mobile:

(909) 592-3599


email:

safetytraining@stsosha.com
servicessafety management & consultationgeneral industry oshaconstruction safetyemergency preparednesshazardous materials & environmental compliancetransportation safetyfood safetyindustrial hygieneanswers to safety questions





please leave this field empty.δ
©2025 safety training specialists, inc. | sitemap | designed by netpaths                                                 


