wedding dj services html> your seo optimized title page contents skip to main contentwesleyboz@musicanddance.com919-749-3030


 music and dance productions, inc 
 making music and memories together for 25 years 
homecontact uswedding dance choreographycompany and private partiesmoreimportant stufffrequently asked questionsrock your wedding ideasweekly swing & salsa social dancing



make your next event spectacular.

contact us for availability and pricing

swing, ballroom, salsa, shag dj's
looking to host a social dance ? our dj's are experienced in many popular dance genres, and are dance instructors too.

dance like nobody's watching
nervous about dancing? with a little help from us, it can be a fun and bonding experience.
learn more..






every sunday night swings in raleigh.
celebrating 20 years of sunday night dancing at the raleigh elks lodge is where you can meet friendly people, learn some cool dance moves, and interact with some of our fun dj staff. over 100 dancers come out every sunday.get here for the 6 pm beginner and intermediate east coast swing lessons (free with your paid admission) and learn some cool swing moves. no prior dance experience necessary. we dance and party till 10:30 pm. it's fun, friendly and inclusive.  cash bar, table seating, large dance floor, free parking.  more information click here...
special pricing is available to clubs and non-profits.
are you a social dance club, non-profit or church group? we have special discount group pricing available to you when you book an event with us. call our office at 919-494-2300 or our cell number 919-749-3030 . you can also email us for date availability and pricing. sunday's at the raleigh elks lodge is also an idea party idea for birthdays and anniversary parties.
clients choose us !
we love what we do, and hope you do too! we've been serving  the raleigh, durham, chapel hill, wake forest and surrounding nc areas for 28 years with distinction.  you'll find us reliable, fun, easy to work with, and because we are a small company, our focus is on you and your vision.booking the right dj and entertainment staff is one of the most important decisions you’ll make when planning your wedding reception or special event. we'll take the hassles and stress out of your event with early, personalized attention to your planning details. on your event day, relax and enjoy the company of your family and friends, while we engage your guests, keep the event moving along, and ensure that everyone is having fun, on and off the dance floor.
i'm interested and want more information

wesley boz - co-director, dj, dance instructor
your dj's
we have the experience to bring out the best at your event. contact us today for more information. 919-749-3030

ryan boz - dj, dance instructor, actor, influencer

party starter  $950.00​4 hour entertainment package:​- personalized music & announcement planning- experienced, reliable, on time dj/mc's- professional sound system & microphones- cocktail hour music included- standard dance floor lighting package- elegant dj booth- includes equipment setup, breakdown.
party animal  $1,150.00​6 hour entertainment package:​- personalized music & announcement planning- experienced, reliable, on time dj/mc's- professional sound system & microphones- cocktail hour music included- standard dance floor lighting package- elegant dj booth- includes equipment setup, breakdown.



popular party package $1050.00​5 hour entertainment package:- personalized music & announcement planning- experienced, reliable, on time dj/mc's- professional sound system & microphones- cocktail hour music included- standard dance floor lighting package- elegant dj booth- includes equipment setup, breakdown.
optional package add-on'ssecond sound system add $150- up-lighting $150 - $300.00- photo booths $400.00 - $1,000.00- wedding dance choreography $80.00 per hour.- atmosphere dancers- small group dance lessons - 2 & 3 hour party dj bookings are availablecell: 919.749.3030   office: 919.494.2300

wedding reviewmarc & lynn. april  12, 2024​music and dance productions staff were very easy to work with, came to setup early, and got people to dance into the late hours of our wedding party. thanks for making our wedding so easy and fun.​​kathy m.  june 8, 2024​wesley was great! he went out of his way to make our wedding day a hugh success. he dj's, dances and interacts with the guests in a very professional way. i highly recommend his company.​​martin & jenny. july 20, 2024​we had a last minute dj cancel on us, and wesley boz came to our rescue. he got here early to setup, was very relaxed and professional.​his music choices were just right and our guests loves the swing lesson he taught us.​​
wedding review​patricia e. november 5, 2024wesley was easy to work with and made some very sound suggestions for us that made the reception more fun. he taught a salsa lesson during the  cocktail hour, and it was a big hit with our guests. everything ran really smoothly right until the sparklers exit. thank you wesley for a memorable night.
wedding reviewlindy p. & johnny p. may 11, 2024wesley boz delivered a really great day for us. we shopped around and met with lots of vendors, wesley was great to work with and played all the songs we asked him to.  he led line dances and inspired people to dance.
wedding review​janice p. june 10, 2023​wes and jeff did an exceptional job, both for our outdoor ceremony and our indoor reception. they even did an east coast swing lesson which our guests loved. the music was exactly what we requested and everything was timed perfectly. we couldn't have asked for a better experience.



  contact us:cell: 919.749.3030office: 919.494.2300email uswww.musicanddance.comwe are bonded and insured for your peace of mind.copyright 2025.  music and dance productions, inc.  all rights reserved.


