home | first federal bank






homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.     fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentfirst federal bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

business


business checking accounts

business savings accounts

business certificates of deposit

business debit card

business loans

online banking services



personal


personal checking accounts

personal savings accounts

personal investment products

debit cards

personal online banking services

safe deposit boxes

personal loans



loans


personal loans

business loans

residential mortgage

loan originators

mortgage

fannie mae financial assistance programs



connect


contact us

meet our team

meet our team - mcewen, highway 46, clarksville

branch & atm locator



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll 

banking from your phone?


apple

google



  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchfirst federal bank 









business checking

streamline your business with simple & secure checking
view our business checking accounts






  









personal savings

boost your savings with a new account today.
view personal savings accounts






  









online banking services

unlock a new innovative experience
view our banking services






 play main slider/pause main slider 
contact us

contact us so that we may serve your banking needs.

contact us today!  
locations

drop in to see us at one of our 17 convenient locations and we will be glad to assist you with your banking needs.

come visit us  
mobile app


manage your money on the go with mobile banking.


download our app  
meet our team

our team is dedicated to providing solutions for your needs.

come meet our team  
online faq

find answers to some of first federal bank's frequently asked questions.

see our faqs  
banking services

digital banking makes it simple for anyone to access their funds, wherever and whenever you need them.

view our banking services   
serving the banking needs of tennessee communities
at first federal bank, we believe in putting our community first. from small-town customers in charlotte, white bluff and waverly, to the many businesses we serve in clarksville, dickson and beyond, we’re committed to making banking simple, friendly and convenient. no matter which of our branches you visit or what your needs are, prepare for a banking experience that makes you feel like a valued member of the community.
   





personal loans
fund your next adventure.

view our personal loans




   our products
we offer a complete range of personal banking products designed to help you accomplish your goals.  lost or stolen cards?  contact us if your credit card has been lost or stolen!

615-446-2822
800-500-1044 (after-hours)
  home, auto or business  contact us today about our loan programs.  stay alert  sign up for free debit card alerts! stop by a branch today!   stay in touch  to help stay informed, just provide a few quick details about yourself and we will handle the rest. sign up close newsletter signup   subscribe 
leave me blank for email collection.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) 




enter the characters you see*



play audio 
download audio


enter the characters you hear*


audio captcha
refresh
image captcha
refresh



captcha answer


sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you.
you've been added to our list! we appreciate your interest. got it  





personal checking
managing your money day to day is so much easier when you have a checking account that fits you.
view our checking products


  





debit cards
behind every debit card comes our promise of convenience, affordability and security, so you can feel confident every time you swipe it.
debit card options

  





personal investments
learn more about accounts that fit your goal
investment options

 play secondary area slider/pause secondary area sliderback to the topfirst federal bank bank nmls # 500077phone # (615)446-2822

facebook

linkedin



connect


contact us

locations

phone faqs

online faqs



legal


gambling

usa patriot act





privacy policy

©  first federal bankequal housing lender 

 

