












airwolf themes official music soundtracks | airwolf theme






























































































































official airwolf tv series website & latest news for the airwolf soundtracks





















 where you are: 
airwolf home
 > 







































read customer reviews by airwolf fans about the 'airwolf extended themes' 2cd soundtrack...click here



















airwolf extended themes music soundtrack 2cd: special limited edition












airwolf extended themes:
special limited edition
2cd music soundtrack
special limited edition soundtrack 2cd set of 2000 units only.
buy here directly from the music production team…

• 42 tracks of officially-licensed music score based on the airwolf™ tv series.
• stereo sound.
• 2cd set – special limited edition.
• super jewel case design.
• 24-page cover booklet including exclusive interview with airwolf™ episodic composer, udi harpaz.
• booklet contains incredibly rare, new and exclusive, behind-the-scenes photos.
• music highlights the work of airwolf™ composers, sylvester levay, ian freebairn-smith,udi harpaz and the late bernardo segáll.
• “main themes cd1” contains 22 “airwolf main theme” music tracks performed & produced by orchestrator & associate producer, jan michal szulew.
• “episodic themes cd2” contains 20 “airwolf episodic themes” music tracks produced by ‘airwolf themes’ creator & producer, mark j. cairns.
• 2000 copies.

buy now















listen to teasers
preview mp3 teasers — click here

news & interviews
click here

about the soundtrack
click here












welcome to the ‘airwolf’ music soundtrack scores & episode guide for the high-flying tv series
      this airwolf website is primarily dedicated to the music from the high-flying, mid 1980s, american, action adventure, television series called 'airwolf™' (1984-1986) which starred jan-michael vincent, ernest borgnine, alex cord, jean bruce scott and deborah pratt.
the original music score that we released based on the tv show was the officially-licensed
‘airwolf themes’ and was a 2cd, 25-track special limited edition (of 1000 copies) soundtrack album released in 1999 with music re-arranged by producer [and long-time airwolf fan] mark j. cairns in conjunction with original composer sylvester levay [which has so far enjoyed an unofficial world record for a television soundtrack]; later joined by a sequel preview digital downloads-only ep in 2009 called ‘airwolf main themes’ ep; with a further expanded, officially-licensed 2cd, 42-track official sequel called ‘airwolf extended themes’ special limited edition (of 2000 copies), which was released at the end of march 2014 again by mark j. cairns in conjunction with bulgarian-polish orchestrator & associate producer, jan michal szulew. produced over a 5-year period, this special limited edition soundtrack score is set to get airwolf fans' hearts-a-pumpin' as it celebrates the iconic work of original airwolf composers, sylvester levay, udi harpaz, ian freebairn-smith and the late bernardo segáll.
all-new, modern airwolf episode guide launched
       mark j. cairns has been creating a brand new, fully interactive   airwolf episode guide and comprehensive airwolf episode list during 2014 (still a work in progress) which will, for the first time, be expanded upon to include focused airwolf backlinks directly to imdb, wikipedia, links to buy the official airwolf dvd and bluray releases for the series via amazon.
generously illustrated throughout with sumptuous images from each individual episode, the new airwolf episode guide features full synopses, google translate™ on all pages, interesting background information & episodic reviews of each weekly episode, plus the unique airwolf themes exclusive view of analysing the music created within each episode. it is set to become the de facto reference and go-to guide for fans of the airwolf™ tv series.




tweets by airwolfthemes




























 

about the soundtrack
posters & paintings
sound effects
episode guide
listen to mp3 teasers
file a56-7w magazines
news, interviews & articles
videos - documentaries & promo videos


 

home
contact us


links
site map
privacy policy
replica helmets






























airwolf™ is a trademark of, and licensed to nbc universal television studios © 1984. all images and multi-media content of this website are copyright mark j.cairns © 2014. under no circumstances must any images or digital content be used from it on any other websites or media without the express written consent of the copyright / intellectual property owner. all mp3 theme tune files remain the copyright of mark j.cairns, sylvester levay and jan michal szulew © 1999 / 2014. the airwolf themes soundtrack is the officially licensed score based on the original cbs episodes of the airwolf tv series. the replica helmet is copyright steven. w. stull © 2007 and is only marketed and promoted in good faith on his behalf within this website, but neither mark j.cairns nor anyone on the project team receive any benefit whatsoever whether fiscal or otherwise thus any and all communication must go directly to steven w. stull.
    


























