


	home






















































about us


join us


contact us


ask an expert





search for:











our members


basements

adaptable spaces

airtightness

cost

energy efficiency

fire safety

faqs

sound insulation

sustainability benefits



design

basement arrangements

design principles

daylight

drainage and waste disposal

site potential

site investigation

ground gases

structural design

types of basements

ventilation



waterproofing

types of waterproofing

waterproofing materials

designing waterproof systems

approved contractor schemes



construction 

construction methods

in-situ concrete 

insulating concrete formwork (icf)

masonry 

precast concrete

twin wall 

foundations



legislation & warranties

building regulations

health & safety

nhbc warranty

party wall act

planning



case studies


publications









basement information centre
the basement information centre (tbic) aims to encourage and enable the design and construction of quality basements on new developments and the improvement of existing and retro-fit basements. 





what is a basement
a basement is a "usable part of a building that is situated partly or entirely below ground level", as defined by the british standards institute.
building regulations in england and wales define a basement storey as at least 1.2m below adjoining ground level.





design guidance for good practice
tbic is a forum to:
develop guidance documents to simplify design and enable high performance basement construction. 

provide information on products and materials for use in basement design and construction. 

to encourage good practice in design and construction through promotion of guidance.









featured news

tbic exhibiting at pca structural waterproofing conference 2023
20 jun 2023
the basement information centre is delighted to be exhibiting at property care association's structural waterproofing conference 2023 taking place on 20th july at the slate, coventry. 
 



bs 8102:2022 an overview of changes to basement waterproofing guidance
07 apr 2023
the revision to bs 8102:2009 code of practice for protection of below ground structures against water from the ground was published in march 2022. a key driver for the revision was the grades of performance for below ground spaces and these have been updated to focus on designing for the intended use of the space.



new gas membrane approved installer scheme
06 feb 2023
a new initiative that certifies installers of gas membranes has been launched by the british board of agrément in colloboration with tbic member juta uk and other industry partners.
the new gas membrane approved installer scheme is the culmination of three years’ work and is the first of its kind in the uk, delivering supply chain reassurance of high-quality products installed by competent, certified professionals to ensure safe outcomes.



newton waterproofing recycling service
20 sep 2022
now in its fifth full year, the award-winning and free newton recycling service is still pushing sustainability best practice in uk waterproofing. this includes the biggest development in 2021, expanding the service to also recycle plastic and metal bottles and containers through a new partnership with a leading specialist in hazardous waste management.



see all news




featured publications

basements for housing key benefits of basements

this document is part of a series of update to basements for housing, which was first published in 2010. this chapter considers the key benefits of basements in domestic properties, from added value and space to sustainability and energy efficiency.


basements: ground gases and structural waterproofing

this guide focusses on providing general guidance to inform the design and construction process and help the project team navigate the requirements of bs 8485:2015+a1:2019 and bs 8102:2009.


bs 8102:2022 an overview of changes to basement waterproofing guidance

the revision to bs 8102:2009 (code of practice for protection of below ground structures against water from the ground was published in march 2022.






on-demand webinar hub

launch of ground gases and structural waterproofing guidance for basements 

this webinar is hosted by the concrete centre on behalf of the basement information centre. this webinar introduces the basement information centre guide for combined gas protection and waterproofing for below ground structures. 


ciria c766 and the control of cracking 

this bitesize webinar by the basement information centre will discuss ciria c766 and the control of cracking due to restraint. the webinar will focus on the changes between ciria c766 and its predecessor ciria c660.


planning a basement for housing 

this webinar gives an insight into the design and construction of basements, sharing lessons learnt and key guidance for those embarking on the development of a new home.



                publications library
            












the basement information centre, part of the concrete centre
www.basements.org.uk and www.tbic.org.uk domains for this site are managed by the concrete centre on behalf of the basement information centre. the concrete centre is part of the mineral products association ltd (mpa).











site map


terms and conditions



copyright © mpa the concrete centre, on behalf of the basement information centre
website by unified solutions









