






sky blue outfitters guide service – fly fishing guide service in pennsylvania























































 




follow us







 


guided trips

walk and wade guide service day trips
2025 overnight package trips in pennsylvania
drift boat trips on the rivers of pennsylvania
fly fishing guide service native brook trout and wild brown trout streams in pa
2025 package trip to montana, utah, texas for redfish
fly fishing education learn to tie flies, casting, nymphing
fly fishing eastern pennsylvania streams
fly fishing central pennsylvania streams


about

meet the sky blue outfitters’ guide staff
history of sky blue outfitters guide service
contact sky blue outfitters guide service in pennsylvania
fly fishing and fly tying presentations
donations for banquets and fundraisers


stream reports | hatch chart

pennsylvania stream reports for central and eastern pennsylvania
signup for stream reports
pennsylvania hatch chart and usgs gauge levels
news, shows and appearances
fly tying made easy cdc and up dn trout


media

sky blue outfitters’ photo album
videos on fly fishing and fly tying
fly fishing and fly tying presentations
links to fly fishing related sites


store

up dn trout wing material
rods, reels, hats, clothes
fly fishing gift certificates
pennsylvania fishing license


contact











sky blue outfitters llc is the most comprehensive fly-fishing guide service in pennsylvania.  we have a team of 10 guides to serve our clients. since 1999 sky blue has guided on the best streams in the keystone state. penns creek, spring creek, big fishing creek, pine creek, kettle creek, slate run, cedar run, little juniata river, lackawanna river, lehigh river,  tulpehocken creek, manatawny creek, yellow breeches, and many more. we offer drift boat trips on the juniata and susquehanna rivers for smallmouth bass along with trips on the delaware and lehigh rivers for trout.  join us for a walk and wade, on one of our pa overnight packaged trips in the state college area or drift boat trip. we also host trips to montana, idaho, utah, colorado, and other locations throughout north america.  sky blue is a trout unlimited endorsed business (gold level) guide service. come join us and learn from our experience and "catch a memory" sm.





sky blue outfitters has been in business since 1999. come learn from our experience.guide profileswalk and wade fly fishing day trips on penns, spring, pine, kettle, little juniata, lehigh, tulpehocken, manatawny, pohopoco and lackawanna river just to name a few of the stream we guide on in pa.learn more ask us about our native brook trout fishing trips. enjoy a day out or an overnight packaged trip pursuing these small gems of pa. we spend a day brook trout fishing these mountain streams in central and eastern pa.learn morejoin us on a drift boat trip on the susquehanna or juniata for smallmouth. trout, we offer trips on the lehigh river along with the delaware river. we have rafts and drift boats to serve our clients.learn more come see us at the fly fishing show in lancaster march 15th and 16th.learn more cicada brood xiv will be hatching in bedford, centre, clinton, franklin, luzerne, mifflin, montour, schuylkill, and snyder countieslearn moreour 2025 pennsylvania trout fishing package trips (lodging, food, and guiding) are on the website. time to book before it is too late.learn morelearn more about fly fishing the lackawanna, manatawny, tulpehocken, little lehigh, saucon, pohopoco, mud run, bushkill, broadhead creeks.learn morelearn more about fly fishing penns, spring, big fishing creek, little juniata, pine, slate, cedar, kettle, little pine, wild brook trout streams.learn moreget local stream and fishing reports for central pa, eastern pa, lehigh and susquehanna river. sign up to receive our newsletter. learn morejoin us for a 3 night package in central pa. learn dry fly fishing, euro-nymphing, tight-line, wetfly, and tune-up your casting while on the water. one  trip in the spring, and one in the fall. you do not have to be an expert to sign up. we want you to become an expert. learn morelearn more about these tripscome enjoy the stonefly hatch on some of montana's best rivers. 5 days of drift boat fishing landing big fish on big flies.learn more about this triplots of hoppers, not lots of anglers this time of year. hopper-dropper and head hunting with trico spinners is always fun. learn more about this trippa hatch chart. find out when the best hatches come offlearn moreschedule a presentation for your tu chapter, show, club or banquetlearn moreshows, events, classes and industry news.learn moreunique fly tying wing material, great for beginnersbuy nowsky blue's catch a memory photo albumsee photoscatch a memory stickerget a sticker





all content and images are the property of sky blue outfitters llc. "catch a memory" sm is property of sky blue outfitters llc  phone  610-987-0073, email: 
 rick@skyblueoutfitters.com  for more information on use of content.  sky blue outfitters llc is a fly fishing guide service endorsed by trout unlimited and is based in pennsylvania. copyright © 1999-2025





designed and hosted by qns 

sky blue outfitters’ guide service in pa home page
contact sky blue outfitters guide service in pennsylvania
sky blue questionnaire
fly fishing guide wanted in pennsylvania
 

























 

