



laughing raven - home
 





 


laughing raven music
home

shopping cart
view cart
50 unorthodox guitar scales
500 blues licks
sample blues licks
silverhand cd

silverhand band
home
track samples
lyrics











laughing ravenmusic
presents:
500 blues licks

50 unorthodox guitar scales

silverhand










new from laughing raven:
50 unorthodox guitar scales
the top players in blues, rock, jazz, country and rockabilly know 
how to creatively mix contrasting tonalities in many different soloing 
situations. such players have drawn from a wide range of stylistic 
sources,enabling them to play spectacular "outside" runs that work 
perfectly in varying musical contexts.
but how does a learning player find all the right notes without spending 
years sorting through numerous playing styles? 
now there is an answer:
50 unorthodox guitar scales!
the contrasting tonalities, "outside" runs, chromatic nuances, and other 
cool stylistic "abnormalities" are built right into the sescales giving you 
startling new possibilities to explore. each one is presented in both chart 
and tablature form so reading music notation is not necessary. 
extra “dickey betts style ” scale included as added bonus! 
only laughing raven offers a collection of scales like these!

to order 50 unorthodox guitar scales:
 secure online credit card ordering
to order using a credit card 
click here


view shopping cart / checkout   
or: send a check or money order for $6.00 (domestic orders price includes postage)
canada add $2 shipping 
overseas orders:
use our secure online credit card processing 
or: send an international money order for $11.00 in u.s. dollars, drawn on a u.s. bank only. (price includes postage) we will accept cash (u.s.) but we cannot accept responsibility for cash lost in the mail.
mail to:
laughing ravendept. ws6336 ne pacific streetportland, oregon 97213u. s. a.

copyright 1995 - 2013 laughing raven publishing. all rights reserved.








blues guitar players:

this is the most powerful comprehensive no-nonsense blues lead guitar knowledge available! 
hundreds of blues licks, useable in any style of music! 
we at laughing raven believe this to be the largest collection of guitar licks ever made available in one package regardless of style or price. 
included are hundreds of single-note licks, double- and triple-stops, chord licks and harmonized scale runs, all in sheet music form, 
in standard notation with corresponding easy tablature
 for every lick. 
suitable for any skill level, beginning through advanced.
don't stay in a rut, order today!

to sample licks
to order 500 blues licks:

to order with a 
credit card
 using our secure server 

click here

view shopping cart / checkout 
 or (domestic orders): send a check or money order for $16.95 (price includes postage) for canada: add $3 shipping and handling
overseas orders use our secure online credit card processing or:
send an international money order or bank draft for $26.95 in u.s. dollars, drawn on a u.s. bank only (price includes postage). 
we will accept cash (u.s.) but we cannot accept responsibility for cash lost in the mail.

mail to:
laughing raven
dept. ws
6336 ne pacific street
portland, or 97213
u.s.a.

copyright 1995 - 2013 laughing raven publishing. all rights reserved.






 
 sample blues licks 
  
 
 

 
don't stay in a rut, order today! 
to order 500 blues licks: 

to order with a credit card
 using our secure server 

click here



view shopping cart / checkout  
or: send a check or money order for $19.95 (domestic orders: price includes postage)
canada add $2 shippingoverseas orders:
use our secure online credit card processing
or: send an international money order or bank draft for $30.95 in u.s. dollars, drawn on a u.s. bank only (price includes postage and handling). we will accept cash (u.s.) but we cannot accept responsibility for cash lost in the mail.

laughing ravendept. ws6336 ne pacific streetportland, oregon 97213u. s. a.

copyright 1995-2013 laughing raven publishing. all rights reserved.










the celtic
	music of silverhand provides an eclectic and satisfying journey
	into the realm of high-energy, celtic folk-rock fusion
	encompassing traditional irish and scottish tunes and stunning
	original songs.
important notice: do not buy silverhand
	cds from amazon.com  those sellers are fraudulent. this is the only legal place online 
	to buy silverhand cds! 

ordering options

credit card:




	secure online credit card processing. to order using a credit card 
	click here.
	




 
us postal:

	send a check or money order 
	for $20 u.s. (shipping included) for domestic orders made out to
	 laughing raven music to: 
	laughing raven music, 6336 ne pacific street, portland, oregon 97213.

overseas orders:
	send an international money order for $30 u.s. dollars
	only drawn on a u.s. bank. we will accept cash (u.s.) but we
	cannot accept responsibility for cash lost in the mail. 














track list


01

the youngest daughter / the ivy leaf
[2:52]
traditional, arranged by silverhand



02

by the green water
[5:36]
words and music by chris burbick



03

after the battle of aughrim / the flowers of red hill / the green groves of erin
[5:31]
traditional, arranged by silverhand



04

pipe on the hob
[3:19]
traditional, arranged by silverhand



05

bonnie weaver
[6:07]
words and music by chris burbick



06

hag at the churn / morrison's jig
[3:25]
traditional, arranged by silverhand



07

in the grove
[9:44]
words and music by chris burbick



08

mystery in the grass
[4:19]
words and music by chris burbick



09

courtney's favorite /dever the dancer / the butterfly
[5:31]
traditional, arranged by silverhand



10

dreaming of the chase
[6:30]
words and music by chris burbick



11

think of it / the gravel walk
[6:08]
words and music by chris burbick / traditional, arranged by silverhand



12

silvermore / o'keefe's slide /the rocky road to dublin
[4:55]
traditional, arranged by silverhand






all tracks are currently receiving airplay
© copyright, phonorecording 2001 laughing raven music / ascapall rights reserved.








silverhand's lyrics
 
by the green wateri knew you not well, but i'd know you nowif you did not lie in a field of bloodby the green watera battle took you from this bright worldso now you lie in a field of bloodby the green watera fair maid came to fill her flaskwhen she saw you lying in a field of bloodby the green waterher eyes grew wide and her flask fell freewhen she saw you lying in a field of bloodby the green water"oh, father dear",she cried to me"my true love lies in a field of bloodby the green water"i'll drain my life here beside my loveand i'll lie by him in a field of bloodby the green water!" "oh daughter dear, please stay your handdon't drown your pain in a field of bloodby the green water"oh daughter dear, your life is yet youngdon't lay you down in a field of bloodby the green water!"i ran like a falcon before the windwhen i saw her fall in a field of bloodby the green wateri knelt to the ground as the light left her eyesnow she's joined her love in a field of bloodby the green waterwords and music by chris burbick. copyright, phonorecording, 2001, laughing raven music/ascap all rights reserved. 
 
bonnie weaverfine young bonnie weaver will ye weave my cloak of gold?my head is in a fever for your hands they weave so boldtwining flaming colors; can your fingers never tire?fine young bonnie weaver now ye've kindled all my fire fine young bonnie weaver will ye twine me in your smile?you've snared me like a salmon, have ye fished me all this while?in your loom of moonlight will ye weave me in your wool?fine young bonie weaver, now my fire will never cool fine young bonnie weaver will ye weave my hero's song?your shield is wove around me and my spear is sure and strongyour song is twining through me and your weave it cannot partfine young bonnie weaver you're the arrow in my heartwords and music by chris burbick. copyright, phonorecording, 2001, laughing raven music/ascap all rights reserved. 
 
in the grovein the air i see it comingin the night i see it comingin the moon i see it comingin the stars i see it comingin the sky i see it coming through the trees i hear it walkingthrough the trees i hear it callingthrough the trees i hear it seekingthrough the trees i hear it flyingthrough the trees i hear it singing from the past i feel it risingfrom the past i feel it seeking mefrom the past i feel it breathingfrom the past i feel it calling mefrom the past i feel it living in the grove i find it watchingin the grove i find it waitingin the grove i find it restingin the grove i find it sleepingin the grove i find it dreaming from the earth i feel it risingfrom the earth i feel it stretchingfrom the earth i feel it movingfrom the earth i feel it steppingfrom the earth i feel it flyingwords and music by chris burbick. copyright, phonorecording, 2001, laughing raven music/ascap all rights reserved. 
 
dreaming of the chaseas i awoke on a cold and misty morningi heard the croak above, heard the croak abovethe sky was black with the wings of fifty ravensshadowing the ground, shadowing the groundthe land ran red like a river stained in sorrowcrying to the ocean, crying to the oceanthe battle was waged while i lay in the green glendreaming of the chase, dreaming of the chase the flakes of sleep flew from my eyes like sparrowswith hawks on the horizon, hawks on the horizonmy love had poured for me my cups of aleand soothed me with her smile, soothed me with her smilethe herb she hid within her gilded sleeveshe slipped it to the drink, slipped it to the drinkshe took my hand and lay me in the green glendreaming of the chase, dreaming of the chase the king looked down upon our scolded faceswith fire in his eyes, fire in his eyesmy love and i no longer to remainamong the quick and free, among the quick and freethe morrow will see us dangling in the squareswinging side by side, swinging side by sidenever more to tarry in the green glendreaming of the chase, dreaming of the chaseho!words and music by chris burbick. copyright, phonorecording, 2001, laughing raven music/ascap all rights reserved. 
 
the rocky road to dublin(traditional)in the merry month of may from me home i startedleft the girls of tuam sad and broken heartedsaluted father dear, then kissed me darlin' motherthen drank a pint of beer me tears and grief to smotheroff to reap the corn, leave where i was born,i cut a stout blackthorn to banish ghost and goblina brand new pair of brogues, rattlin o'er the bogsand frightenin' all the dogs on the rock road to dublin. chorus:one, two, three, four, fivehunt the hare and turn herdown the rocky road, another way to dublinwhack fol-laddie-roll! in mullingar that night i rested limbs so wearystarted by daylight next mornin' light and earlytook a drop of the pure to keep me heart from sinkin'that's an irishman's cure whene'r he's on for drinkin'to see the lassies smile, laughin' all the while,at me daring style, would set your heart a bubblin'asked if was i hired, the wages i required,till i was almost tired on the rocky road to dublin.(chorus)in dublin next arrived, i thought it such a pityto be so soon deprived a view of that fine citywhen i took a stroll all amoung the qualitymy bundle it was stole from that neat localitysomething crossed me mind, when i looked behindno bundle could i find upon me stick a-wobblin'enquirein' for the rogue, they said me connacht broguewasn't much in vogue on the rock road to dublin.(chorus)the boys of liverpool, when we safely landed,called me self a fool, icould no longer stand it,me blood began to boil, for all i was a losin',poor old erin's isle they began abusin'"hurrah, me soul!" says i,  shillelagh i let flysome galway boys came by and saw i was a hobbelin'with a loud "hurray" they joined in the affrayand quickly cleared the way for the rocky road to dublin!(chorus) 


 

 
 


