


thistle meadow winery - laurel springs, nc






























 
 




a mountaintop wine experience
located 
              in the heart of the blue ridge mountains near the blue ridge parkway in laurel springs, nc, 
              thistle meadow winery offers individualized 
              tours of our family-owned winery. 
              our tastings include wines made 
              from grapes grown around the world.
we are currently closed for the winter season, but we are still shipping wines if you order online.
our tasting room will re-open for the 2025 season on friday, april 11.
we create a wide variety of red,
              white, and blush/sweet wines, ranging in taste from dry to sweet. if you live in one of the 30+ states where our wine may be shipped, you may place your order online.
our award-winning wines are hand-crafted in small batches to ensure 
              the highest quality. just recently, we were ranked third among north carolina wineries by the south eastern winery review and scored a perfect "10" in friendliness.

our winery also offers unique 
              wine accessories, thistle meadow winery clothing, and gift certificates. a 3% service charge applies to all credit card purchases.
thistle meadow winery is located 
              just off the blue ridge parkway (milepost 246) in laurel springs, north carolina 
              and is open for your convenience:
in season (april 11 - october 31)

monday - thursday 12:00 - 5:00 pm
friday - saturday 12:00 - 6:00 pm 
sunday 1:00 - 5:00 pm

autumn hours (nov 1 - december 31) - call ahead due 
              to weather conditions

monday - saturday 12:00 - 4:00 pm
sunday - closed

winter hours (january 1 - april 10)

 closed

we are closed on easter sunday, thanksgiving, christmas, and new year's day. we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and american 
              express.

 






about 
        us | visit the 
        winery | events 
        | wine list 
        | contact 
        us
distributors 
        and retailers | links | faq's | directions







copyright © 2025 thistle meadow 
        winery, inc. all rights reserved.





