







iig | the independent investigations group



















 
 
 
 
 
 



 








 loading










the independent investigations group
 the iig investigates fringe science, paranormal and 
                                                                 extraordinary claims from a rational, scientific viewpoint, and disseminates 
                                                                 factual information about such inquiries to the public.
the iig los angeles  meets on the third saturday of every month at cfi in hollywood.                         
our next steering meeting is wednesday, august 5, 2013 at 7:30 pm.
                                                              our next meeting is on saturday, july 20, 2013 at 11am (10:30am for socializing).
save the date

                                                            read more about the iig awards… 



iig member mark edward has his new book psychic blues on sale now! 
                                                                you can order it here


 
the odds must be crazy
check out the new site from iig steering members jarrett kaufman and wendy hughes. the odds must be crazy is a collection of amazing coincidences, astounding synchronicity, and mind-blowing statistics that put the incredible moments of every day life in perspective.
affiliates
the independent investigations group  has affiliates in los angeles, atlanta, colorado, washington dc, san francisco bay area, and alberta. more information to come.


most recent investigations
 


lewis rees report
  "dowser" lewis rees visits the iig in hollywood in the attempt to prove dowsing works.
the phillip lee report
                                                                       read our report on the iig's august 2011 preliminary test of clairaudience for the $50,000 paranormal challenge. the phillip lee report includes photos and video. 


power balance bracelets
                                                                       an ongoing investigation into the claims made by the makers of power balance bracelets. 
the regen traynor report
                                                                       our full investigation into regen traynor’s claim that he can telepathically transmit images of playing cards to a receiver.


the anita ikonen report
                                                                       our full investigation of anita ikonen's claim that she can see inside the human body. 
california board of registered nursing investigation
                                                                         read the saga of the iig's long-running investigation into the cbrn's 
                                                                       practice of certifying unscientific training for nurses.


 
 


see past news items...
 


see past investigations...
 



 center for inquiry-los angeles
                                                                 4773 hollywood blvd
                                                                 hollywood, ca 90027

info@iigwest.org
                                                                 (323) 666-9797 ext. 101
help support the iig!





















home | challenge | investigations | media | news | faq | contact | ©2011 iig





