     buick, gmc dealership in daytona beach fl | serving daytona beach and orlando | ritchey buick gmc                          

                                             ritchey buick gmc             sales 386-675-0717    service 386-675-0733         932 n nova rddaytona beach, fl 32117                         service        map        contact                         ritchey buick gmc                   call 386-675-0717   directions                      new   new vehicles   model research   hummer ev   value your trade   featured loaner vehicles     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   featured loaner vehicle specials   pre-owned specials     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   shop carbravo   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   used vehicle special offer   buick protection   value your trade     finance   finance department   payment calculator   lease return center   request financing     owners   accessories   onstar assistance	     service department   service & parts specials   about ritchey certified service   tire rebates & info   shop tires   accessories   career technicians   parts request   schedule service   collision center     about   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   ritchey autos tv                      home   new   new vehicles   model research   hummer ev   value your trade   featured loaner vehicles     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   featured loaner vehicle specials   pre-owned specials     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   shop carbravo   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   used vehicle special offer   buick protection   value your trade     finance   finance department   payment calculator   lease return center   request financing     owners   accessories   onstar assistance	     service department   service & parts specials   about ritchey certified service   tire rebates & info   shop tires   accessories   career technicians   parts request   schedule service   collision center     about   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   ritchey autos tv               

                                                                    

inventory search

   inventory search    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock        new pre-ownedcarbravo    any year  any make  any model  any trim search       new pre-ownedcarbravo    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search       new pre-owned      search       



      search new inventory     search used inventory            view our lineup    buick  |  gmc           envista      encore gx      encore gx st      envision      enclave      enclave avenir          canyon      sierra 1500      sierra hd      terrain      acadia      yukon      savana passenger      savana cargo      savana cutaway            







easy financing
fill out our online credit application.











reliable service
schedule your next appointment.











special offers
check out our latest special offers.





     


certified advantage
the story of your used vehicle search starts right here. and while there are a lot of options out there, buying a certified pre-owned vehicle from ritchey buick gmc means having confidence in your purchase. as you begin your next chapter with a certified vehicle, you'll get great benefits that you don't get with an ordinary used vehicle. that's because we offer one of the most comprehensive used-vehicle benefits packages in the industry.
search certified vehicles


      
       

2025
buick enclave
timeless yet undeniably modern
sculpted, modern contours give the 2025 enclave mid-size suv an elegant profile and commanding presence. choose from three distinctive trim levels, each showcasing a well-defined character and an impressive variety of options.
view inventory






     


follow us on social media


             

     

ritchey buick gmc
visit our dealership today
we appreciate you taking the time today to visit our web site. our goal is to give you an interactive tour of our new and used inventory, as well as allow you to conveniently get a quote, schedule a service appointment, or apply for financing.
more about us



    sales hours         monday 8:30am - 7:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday 12:00pm - 5:00pm         service hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 1:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 2:00pm    sunday closed        





     










the gmc hummer ev
the first-ever all-new gmc hummer ev is going to be readily available soon at your truck dealer in daytona beach, ritchey buick gmc. innovative interior, exterior, and security features are stocked in this brand-new electric truck also. with up to one thousand horsepower, 11,500 lb-ft of torque, and going 0-60 in less second, the hummer ev will certainly astonish you. you'll be driving this truck quietly with power in this productive vehicle, preserving plenty of cash at the gas station. ritchey buick gmc near palm coast, deland, and orlando is your truck dealership to go to for vital information and facts.
contact us at 386-675-0717 to learn more about the all-new hummer ev in which a helpful, wise dealer staff member will be glad to help you. we look ahead to listening from you.
gmc hummer ev inventory












the gmc acadia
a mid-size suv that's perfect for daily commutes and weekend getaways, the gmc acadia is a popular choice among shoppers. featuring trim levels that range from a great all-terrain package to the denali line, there's a gmc acadia for everyone. with seating for up to seven, available built-in wifi, emergency braking, and more, the gmc acadia is loaded with features that will entertain and help protect everyone.
view our selection of the gmc acadia in daytona beach and then stop by for a test drive. if you have any questions regarding the gmc acadia don't hesitate to give us a call at 386-675-0717.
gmc acadia inventory












the gmc sierra 1500
if you're looking for a work truck look no further than the mighty gmc sierra 1500. with a maximum towing capacity of 12,100 pounds, tow/haul and trailer sway control, and engines providing up to 420 horsepower, there's little the gmc sierra 1500 can't handle at job sites or weekend getaways with trailers or boats. the gmc sierra 1500 isn't just about strength, it comes loaded with features such as automatic emergency braking and lane keep assist to help keep you and anything you're towing as safe as possible. passengers will also enjoy the available built-in wifi, allowing them to stay connected anywhere through the daytona beach region.
view our inventory of gmc sierra 1500 trucks online and then stop by in person for a test drive. if you have any questions regarding the gmc sierra 1500 or any other vehicle we offer don't hesitate to contact us at 386-675-0717.
gmc sierra 1500 inventory












the buick enclave
come check out the new buick enclave at ritchey buick gmc. with seating for up to seven, 18/26 mpg in the city and highway (both estimated), and more, the buick enclave is a great choice for the daytona beach area.
the buick enclave features full apple carplay and android auto compatibility in addition to available built-in wifi, allowing you and your passengers to stay connected at all times. with a 310-horsepower v6 engine, the buick enclave also has plenty of power to tow small boats or trailers up to 5,000 pounds and its available trailering package makes controlling the vehicle much easier. the buick enclave is perfect for both weekend getaways and daily commuting in daytona beach.
if you have any questions regarding the buick enclave please give us a call at 386-675-0717.
buick enclave inventory












the gmc terrain
the gmc terrain is an excellent choice for those wanting a small suv that doesn't skip out on comfort, features, and durability. with a towing capacity for up to 3,500 pounds, estimated fuel efficiency of 26/30 (city/highway), traction select systems, and more, the gmc terrain is capable of towing boats to enjoy the florida coast or trailers for camping trips. the gmc terrain also comes with the latest technological features, including apple carplay and android auto integration, available built-in wifi, mygmc mobile app support, and much more.
come see the gmc terrain at ritchey buick gmc in person and take one for a test drive in daytona beach today. you'll quickly see why it's such a popular option in the small suv segment.
gmc terrain inventory












the gmc sierra heavy duty
those needing even more power than the already mighty gmc sierra 1500 will love what the sierra 2500hd brings to the table. with a maximum towing capacity of up to 35,500 pounds (sle and slt trims) an a payload up to 7,442 pounds, the sierra heavy duty can handle pretty much anything you can possibly throw at it. anyone needing a truck that can tow or carry very heavy cargo will love what the sierra 2500hd offers.
the heavy duty isn't just about raw power, it also comes with the usual refinements you expect from gmc: built-in wifi, trailer control options, 15 camera views, and best in class front head and leg room (max trim). the gmc sierra 2500hd is the ultimate mix of immense power and unmatched refinement.
come see the gmc sierra 2500hd today.
gmc sierra 2500hd inventory












the gmc canyon
the gmc canyon is loaded with features that makes it one of the leading options in the small pickup truck segment. featuring an impressive towing capacity of 7,700 pounds, the gmc canyon may be smaller compared to its bigger brother, the gmc sierra, but it can still carry plenty of cargo for work or recreation. features such as rear park assist, off-road suspensions, bedliners, and even apple carplay and android auto make the gmc canyon an incredibly capable, versatile, and customizable truck. few trucks offer the features you'll find on the gmc canyon.
come take a gmc canyon for a test drive in daytona beach today and see for yourself why it's the premier small truck on the market today.
gmc canyon inventory












the buick envision
one of the best kept secrets in the suv segment, the buick envision is a great option for those looking for a mid-size suv. with buick quiettuning and active noise cancellation, the buick envision does a great job at silencing the outside road noise, giving you peace and quiet inside its spacious cabin. other features include available wireless phone charging, a built-in wifi hotspot, apple carplay and android auto, and much more. the buick envision provides a comfortable and connected driving experience every time you get behind the wheel.
come see the buick envision in person and take one for a test drive in daytona beach today. you're going to be extremely impressed with the quality and care buick has put into this suv.
buick envision inventory












the buick encore
the buick encore is buick's most popular suv. with impressive fuel efficiency of 25/30 city/highway (both estimated), seating for five, and more, the buick encore is a great option for anyone looking for a suv for their daily commutes or days at the beaches of florida. the buick encore also features buick quiettuning technologies such as triple door seals, acoustic laminated glass, and more to help block external noise and provide a better experience for its passengers.
come see the buick encore at ritchey buick gmc and take one for a test drive throughout daytona beach. we're sure you're going to love the driving experience the buick encore offers.
buick encore inventory










welcome to ritchey buick gmc in daytona beach

ritchey buick gmc proudly offers its inventory and services to the greater daytona beach region, including palm coast, deland, and titusville. we pride ourselves on offering a great selection of new and pre-owned vehicles at our dealership and some of, if not the, most competitive prices in the area. many have made us their dealership of choice as no other dealership in the region offers our commitment to our customers. if you have any questions regarding the vehicles or services we offer to ormond beach or port orange beach, don't hesitate to give us a call at 386-675-0717. we're here to provide all the information you need.
at ritchey buick gmc you'll find the complete line-up of buick and gmc vehicles ranging from the mighty sierra to the versatile acadia and the encore. we have something for everyone's automotive needs at our location. browse our selection of vehicles and stop by for a test drive today. we also have a fully certified service department and well-stocked parts department for all your service or diy projects.
new inventory
search pre-owned inventory




ritchey buick gmc - new & used vehicle dealer in daytona beach, fl

thank you for choosing ritchey buick gmc! we take great pride in serving the daytona beach and palm coast drivers. our selection of new and used vehicles, along with an extensive variety of parts, accessories, and tires, will certainly blow your mind away. our financial experts will also help you with the best way to purchase your dream vehicle with utmost ease. make the most of our hours and directions page to get to our daytona beach dealership. ritchey buick gmc is waiting for you!


catering to the financing needs of daytona beach, orlando & deland drivers

if you are looking to finance a vehicle in daytona beach, look no further than ritchey buick gmc. we'll help you with financing for both, new and used automobiles and with the best deals for all sorts of customers. you can be a first-time buyer or someone with poor credit; we assure you that our experts will help you out with suitable options. just fill out our secure financing form and our daytona beach staff will take it forward from there. we also serve new smyrna beach, palatka, st. augustine area shoppers.


offering auto parts & service needs of buick and gmc drivers in daytona beach

ritchey buick gmc has built a reputation based on strong customer focus. we handhold our clients right from the initial inquiry to any sort of after-sales service. our dedicated repair department has been put in place, keeping in mind the special needs of our valued buick and gmc vehicles. allow us to demonstrate our commitment to excellence! contact us for more information or visit us in daytona beach today!





your local daytona beach buick and gmc dealership team

if you choose to give ritchey buick gmc a chance to earn your business, you will continue to benefit from the stellar customer service our team of experts offers after you drive away in your new vehicle


why buy in daytona beach at a dealership near you?

choosing a nearby dealership like ritchey buick gmc saves time and effort throughout the years that follow your purchase. whenever your vehicle needs certified service or auto repair, we'll be here. if you need new vehicle leasing or used car financing assistance, our local daytona beach team of experts will be right here on 932 n nova rd whenever you need us.
our product experts are here to help you explore the features of your new or used buick and gmc. whether you're learning about its capabilities or selecting genuine parts and accessories, we're ready to assist you.


local dealerships like ritchey buick gmc support local communities

local dealerships support many important causes and events near palm coast, deland, and orlando. our team lives nearby and works in daytona beach, so we care about this community. we aim for complete customer satisfaction and strive hard to achieve it.
thank you for visiting our website! let us know how the team at ritchey buick gmc can assist you.




                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | ritchey buick gmc | 932 n nova rd, daytona beach, fl 32117 | sales: 386-675-0717              


















                 