








eureka exchange | discover the goods




























eureka exchange
discover the goods


menu
skip to content

homeabout eureka exchange
feature me









quality moving service


leave a reply 



moving to a new house is exciting, but the process of moving is anything but. it’s a tedious, stressful, and often expensive process. you can break your back trying to do it on your own, or you can hire a bad moving company and live to regret it. luckily, there’s a moving company in columbia that is professional and reliable–smith dray line movers of columbia.
smith dray line makes the entire process hassle-free. they quickly provide you with a free and fair quote, and schedule your move for your desired date. the movers are experienced and reliable, and show up on time and handle your belonging with care. whether you are moving across town, across the county, or across the ocean, smith dray line will provide you with a quality move for a fair price.


			this entry was posted in movers on april 20, 2017 by eurekaex.								





excellent flooring company


leave a reply 


floors are so often forgotten and neglected. (definitely too often neglected). people will go decades without ever changing their floors. sometimes this is ok, like if you have hardwood flooring. however, for those of us who have carpet, it may be time to take a good look at what’s beneath our feet and what it must look like to those who haven’t witnessed the slow and inevitable degradation.
while some simple love the coziness and the actual feel of carpet, hardwood flooring is making a big comeback. and anyone can understand why. between their beauty and their ease of cleaning, they make for the ideal carpet. you can take any space and make it look impossibly chic with some simple hardwood flooring.

of course, this can also cost you an arm and a leg. but they don’t have to! anyone looking for laminate or hardwood floors greer, sc is in luck! there’s a very special company in town who specializes in flooring and will beat just about any price you can find. who am i talking about? floor gurus!
this company has been around for over 35 years! and when you do business with them, you quickly see why they’ve thrived for so long. they not only do everything they can to give you exactly what you want, but they will also offer you the best price you’ll likely be able to find. they’re able to do this as they offer a 100% “shop at home” option. this means everything you do will be out of your home as they will make any trip out to you! by doing this, you not only save in trips but also in money as their lack of overhead allows for extra wiggle room in pricing for all customers.
not only that, they also offer lifetime warranties for any products they install themselves. they truly want each customer to have a wonderful and easy experience. you can find out for yourself by giving them a call or heading to their website for more info.


			this entry was posted in flooring on february 3, 2016 by eurekaex.								





tiny house builders


leave a reply 


surely by now, everyone has heard of tiny houses. what started off as a very small community of “off-gridders” looking for a cheap way to build a simple and mobile life has now become a fascination to those of all types. all over the country, tiny houses are popping up as people are moving away from materialistic mindsets.

of course, the main issue that arises once interest is sparked in most individuals is knowing where to start. tiny houses give those who live in them just enough room for occasional activities. everything is tightly compact and very inch of space is wisely utilized in order to get maximum utility with such limited space.

when you don’t know where to start, tumbleweed is a great place to look. tumbleweed is “the tiny house company” and has been helping people find, build and utilize tiny houses to their fullest potential. there are several pre-designed models already on their website where you can chose the general model and then customize it to your own needs from there.
this saves people the time and hassle of learning how to build your own tiny house if you’re not particularly interested in gaining those skills. however, many people are interested in learning how to build your own home form the ground up. yet, these same people often don’t know where to start. this is why tumbleweed also offers workshops where you can meet with people who have built their own tiny homes and now know the ropes. these workshops are the exact jump start many people need in order to find the resources and the inspiration to get started. you can find the upcoming dates and locations on tumbleweed’s website.
this company is a terrific example of what it means to care about your customers. they are always available for support and to answer any of the many daunting questions that will surely arise. by all means, if you’re looking to jump on the tiny wagon, tumbleweed should be your first stop.


			this entry was posted in sustainability on december 22, 2015 by eurekaex.								





custom hat embroidery


leave a reply 


when starting a business, or when looking for ways to network and expand an already existing business, marketing is a key component. of course, there are many ways for individuals to market their company. you can do anything from handing out flyers to posting a link on social media. nearly any space you can think of – whether physical or virtual – has the potential to be utilized for marketing purposes.
however, the real trick is making sure your marketing/advertising is getting noticed. how can you be sure people will see your marketing? and then, just as importantly, truly notice your advertisement. the american marketing association mentions that the surest way to market a company is to be the advertisement yourself.
one very simple, reliable and cost effective way to do this is by creating hats for you business! whenever you’re speaking with someone, no matter the topic, your head (and hat) will be in plain site for them. whether or not your company is known to those you encounter, wearing the hat with your company’s name and logo on it is always a great ice breaker or conversation piece.

if you’re looking for the right company to create custom embroidered hats, the company cover your head is a great place to start! cover your head was started by chris kicidis who has been a hat lover and collector since he was a child. he originally started a different business in order to help people market their companies and quickly found that the vast majority of sales were going to hats.
when he asked his customers why this was, they responded that hats are the perfect way to advertise your company because people so quickly notice them. they become a great ice breaker and conversation piece quickly and without extravagant expenses. customers also agreed that hats can help to convey company team spirit.

no matter the hat color, style or size, cover your head has you covered! you can chose from adjustable hats to fitted hats in order to get exactly what you’re looking for. on top of their large selection of caps, the designs that can be placed on these hats are absolutely unlimited. whether you’re looking for a simple logo on the front of your hat or embroidery all along the rim, cover your head will be sure to give you just want you want.


			this entry was posted in marketing on october 1, 2015 by eurekaex.								





all-natural cleaning products


leave a reply 


it’s very common for people to routinely clean their homes, often spending hours a week with harmful products. many of these products contain chemicals that are known to be carcinogenic and toxic for many reasons. some of these ingredients include:

ammonia
sodium lauryl sulfate
synthetic preservatives
artificial colors
artificial fragrances

and the list could go on forever. look into new york’s department of health for additional information on these substances. when one is constantly exposed to this overload of chemicals that the body can’t recognize, it will overtime weaken your immune system and wreak havoc on your overall health. it’s no wonder so many americans have mysterious illnesses and why our cancer rates are through the roof.
fortunately, there are companies who recognize this as a major issue and have created wonderful, safe alternatives for us to use. aromatherapy naturals is one of those companies, offering a wide range of completely natural cleaning products.

aromatherapy naturals never uses synthetic ingredients in any of its products. everything used is naturally derived and scented with essential oils. these oils are actually beneficial to one’s overall health, so simply by using these oils, aromatherapy naturals has already taken a step in the right direction.
the company was started in 2008 by a woman named patti who has now owned a cleaning service business for over 17 years. because of her constant exposure to harmful chemicals with commercial products, she decided to take her health into her own hands. now she sells 19 total products, all with different scent options.
these products have all been used by patti’s company in rural indiana for several years now. having over 17 years of experience in the industry, patti understands what really works. and what doesn’t. and her products work. her own cleaning company will use no other products than those created by patti herself.

whether you’re looking for essential oils, cleaning products or simply some more information, the aromatherapy naturals website has it for you. browse through her many products and scents and see what you’re drawn too. simply by ridding your home of the common chemicals, you’re already taking your health into your own hands. and that’s exactly what patti wants for all of her customers.
aromatherapy naturals offers everything from kitchen and bathroom cleaner collection sets to safe and natural shampoos for your pets! plus, when you order $50 or more, you get free shipping with your order. no matter how you choose to interact, aromatherapy naturals is a trustworthy company with a good cause!


			this entry was posted in natural on april 12, 2015 by eurekaex.								






search for:



  recent posts 

quality moving service


excellent flooring company


tiny house builders


custom hat embroidery


all-natural cleaning products


 books & resources 
categories 
flooring

marketing

movers

natural

sustainability


great reads 
 small business newspost calender post calender

select month
 april 2017 
 february 2016 
 december 2015 
 october 2015 
 april 2015 

 



proudly powered by wordpress






