










































ray hearn – golf architect




























menu



close
restoration
renovation
new designs
short courses
project history
in the news
services
about









scroll down









whether it is a renovation, restoration, or new build, a great golf design captures the timeless essence of the game.








scroll down







belief and commitment


that’s what raymond hearn brings to each golf project he works on. 

whether it’s a new design, renovation, remodel, or restoration, deserves key element attention —raymond believes every design benefits from two key elements—an experienced golf architect, and that designer’s commitment of time, focus, creativity, and expertise. 

that’s why throughout his nearly 30-year career, raymond has dedicated himself to giving each project the attention it deserves. that dedication means spending time learning the nuances of each project by walking the land, playing the course, listening to the goals of the club or client, and putting his experience into practice to come up with an individualized plan to be enjoyed for generations.



















































dedication. experience. focus.


raymond’s commitment to his work means only taking on the clients he can provide appropriate time and energy. after all, that’s what makes a project a success. without the opportunity to do the research, consult with the club or client, and spend appropriate time on site, success is far less certain. 

after working on more than 150 designs—new builds, restorations of historical gems, and many other projects—raymond has the understanding and experience that leads to success. 

whether he’s returning lost features to a golden age classic or dreaming up a new course that will surely be recognized as a timeless gem years from now, raymond measures every project on its unique merits, ensuring the best outcome for each individual design. 









restoration
restoration is returning the course to the original designer’s intent in terms of how the course was once played while restoring shapes and forms of features that pay tribute to the original classic course. all this must be accomplished while accounting for modern day hitting distances due to technological advancements in clubs, balls and maintenance equipment. the end result is what is called a masterful and sympathetic restoration. 

view designs










renovation
occasionally a course needs fundamental change. golf course features and infrastructure have a life cycle and wear out. potentially a green might need resurfacing or alterations due to damage, slopes that no longer work, wear, or the ravages of time. the strategic nuances becomes obsolete due to technological equipment advances thus requiring change.

view designs










new designs
new course design is a unique blend of both art and science that stimulates the senses and moves the spirit. it is a respite from daily life in nature. as a veteran golf architect and landscape architect, we act as stewards of the land utilizing natural features and protecting the natural environment. a great golf course design should be strategic, fun, and harmonize with the natural environment and protect the timelessness honor of the greatest game on earth.

view designs










short course
creating a short course is an opportunity to blend creativity with strategy, where each hole is designed to challenge and entertain. every bunker, green, and fairway is carefully planned to ensure an engaging experience for golfers of all skill levels. from the placement of hazards to the contours of the greens, this new short course is designed to offer both fun and memorable play, making it a must-visit for those seeking a quick yet rewarding round. short course should be fun to play for all skill levels.

view designs










master planning in progress
a long-range comprehensive golf course master plan implemented thoughtfully over a pre-approved time frame can help a club save money.  it also helps a club avoid costly mistakes and will improve the course long-term anticipating maintenance and renovations.  master plans help retain current members while attract new members (private clubs) and more new patron rounds (public & resort courses).

view projects
















ray hearn is a true professional at helping a club understand their history but yet needing modernization for the game today. i cannot praise his work and his ability to bring consensus enough. the ultimate complement is metedeconk national golf club is positioned for many decades forward thanks to ray’s guidance.
fred price |  past president metedeconk national golf club


ray hearn’s creativity, dedication to projects and respect of the land sets him apart from many other architects. he is truly a pleasure to work with, both on and off the course.
rich labar |  president & founder labar golf renovation


ray is part artist, part craftsman, and part historian, and seamlessly blends each of these elements into his work. he also has a firm belief in building relationships, which is why so many of his clients are enthusiastic about singing his praises.
don shell |  golf writer – golftime


i had the pleasure of working with ray on his update of our 125 year old golf course – midlothian country club. as chair of our course improvement committee, i gave ray a list of deliverables at the start of the project and not only did he check every box but he also went above and beyond by negotiating and overseeing the bid process, as well as by being vey hands-on during construction. ray is a talented professional and i would highly recommend him for your next project.
mark wheeler, |  past president & club historian midlothian country club


ray is an extremely knowledgeable in golf course design, one of the best in the business. we are looking forward to working with ray for many more years.
bernie friedrich, |  boyne resorts


ray hearn’s design of the cardinal completely exceeded our expectations. his ability to use the existing land and contours to create a magical design was truly spectacular. the results speak for themselves as the public reception of our course was beyond anything we imagined. 
kevin doyle, |  chief operating officer























                            119 west 37th st.,
                            holland, mi 49423

                            
(616) 399-7686

ray@rhgd.com














contact us.
for expert golf course architecture, please fill out the form below.




footer form







name
		*


first


last
		*


last


email
		*




phone
		




inquiry type
		


new course designexisting course renovationexisting course restorationshort course designrequest a consulting visit 


captcha
		





submit





					if you are human, leave this field blank.				













by clicking submit, you agree to the terms and conditions.






site designed by matchplay golf marketing.




