






painting, printmaking, and illustration by artist james young | james young




























 






































home
about
contact
linkedin
 


select page


  
 
 









artwork by james m. young





james young is an artist, professional product designer, and musician who lives in massachusetts.
he is a graduate of the corcoran school of the arts and design in washington, d.c.





painting














































































































































printmaking









































artist’s statement
i have been creating images for as long as i can remember. i have always loved to draw and it has been my constant companion. my work is primarily representational with a strong focus on craftsmanship and the physicality of the medium in use. many years of experience in professional digital design have provided a valuable contrast that further supports my love and respect for the process and presence of painting.
whether it is more observational portraiture, or imaginary scenes and subjects, i enjoy creating an open narrative that engages viewers – providing just enough detail to allow them to fill in the blanks. i believe that art serves as a personal outlet for a kind of open-ended storytelling.
there is often a strong autobiographical undertone in my work, yet i truly enjoy the ambiguity of infusing my work with the characteristics of personas gleaned from observing the outside world in my often cynical way.
i continue to experiment with a mixture of small and large format works, but consistent among all is the attempt to create a rich deep texture in my paintings. i tend to build up many layers of paint and include various details, drawings, and writings that will often be obscured in the finished piece. i feel that these lost or “hidden” artifacts contribute to the overall sense of energy that a work has when closely inspected.



inspiration & influences
here’s a select list of artists that have had an impact, at least on a conscious level. it’s hard to keep a list like this short, but here are a few that stand out in my mind / on my bookshelf.

francis bacon
balthus
gary baseman
kendall buster
caravaggio
honoré daumier
shepard fairey
lucian freud
h.r. giger
leon golub
tom green
philip guston
keith haring
frida kahlo
käthe kollwitz
berthe morisot
claude monet
odd nerdrum
william newman
martin puryear
albert pinkham ryder
duke riley
william willis
donald roller wilson
andrew wyeth




 








home
about
contact
follow me on linkedin
 



© copyright 1997-2025, james young. all rights reserved. 


















