





home | the log home super center 336-325-9986 log home restoration products & services 877-fix-logs (877-349-5647)



















the log home super center â  â  â  â 336-325-9986 â log home restoration products & services â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â 877-fix-logs â (877-349-5647)




site navigation[skip]


home
stains

exterior
ultra2
ultra7
advance
prelude
interior
acrylic (interior clear)
sure shine
log end seal
uv boost
stay clean
lifeline accents


log sealants

energy seal caulking
perma chink
chink paint
woodsman
check mate 2


new age blast media
corn cob grit blast media
preservatives

shell-guard
shell-guard rtu
armor guard


wood cleaners

log wash
wood renew
oxcon


restoration products

strip it
s-100
e-wood
m-balm


tools & dry in

fasteners
trap rod
gasket tape


media blasting
restoration services

photo album
log restoration
specialty stain services
chinking


staining
company history
how to

step 1
step 2
step 3


privacy policy
contact us
terms & policies

 
 
 
 





home






serving the eastern united states â for over 20 years. â we are located in the blue ridge mountains of va near the nc/tn/sc area and are here to serve your log home needs. â we offer turn-key log home restoration services and top-quality products for your log home projects. â â 


top quality log home productslog restoration servicesmedia blastinglog replacementstainingchinkingpreservative treatmentscall today at 336-325-9986â orâ e-mail us now.years of our own personal hands on experience have shown us that perma chink systems, inc. water based products work great for your every log home need, while allowing it to breathe without trapping water. â we are set up to travel and offer only the best of the best restoration services available in the us. â â we have spent years researching and following through with our clients and associates in regards to what works best. â with over 20 years in the building industry specializing in log homes we can help you to accomplish all of your log home needs. â with over 40 years combined experience we do the job right for you the first time.â 
cedar siding homes can also be media blasted and re-stained to look like new again. we have had great success removing stains from all types of wood even creosote coated wood. â  bricks also can be blasted to remove stains, paints, and years of dirt.media blasting with corn cob grit or new age media blast gives you a nice clean surface toâ apply new stains.â  â  â  â  â this is   one  example 
																																																																																																																																										         of  just    how   completely    that  the  old  stains  can  be 
																																																																																																																																										      removed       from logs. â why media blast? â removes oil based stains so you can apply a water based stain, removes dark stains so you can brighten your logs with a new lighter color, and in some homes pressure washing simply is not an option due to water leakage. â  â this   process     uses   a  dry   ground
																																																																																																																																										      corn     cob            grit or recycled glassâ ground to a beach sand or finer consistency which     is  safe    for   the  
																																																																																																																																										environment        and    can   even     be  put     in  a compost      
																																																																																																																																										   pile.  â we          have   been    professionally       blasting
																																																																																																																																										     log homes     for    over     15 years  and   have   the   experience
																																																																																																																																										      to do   the job right. â  â  â  â â we  use   osha   approved     equipment
																																																																																																																																										       and     can     travel       most     anywhere       in   the    
																																																																																																																																										     continental         us  to  do this      work.    â don't      hesitate 
																																																																																																																																										       to contact us with your questions. â call today at 336-325-9986 or e-mail us now.website design servicesâ copyright 1993- 2022 connie beamer










 

 
 
 

 
 



â© creative web creations 2022
 [back to top]

 
 

 





