




woodnet


















home


woodlots


training & events


wec


about


downloads


articles


links


contact



woodnet







about woodnet 
woodlots 
training & events 
woodland enterprise centre 
technology 
woodland management 
timber build 
heating with wood 

 woodland enterprise centre - covid 19 booster vaccination dates this autumnwoodland enterprise centre is providing a venue for covid 19 autumn booster vaccinations. these will be provided three days a week  thursday – saturday starting 15th september 2022.
bookings are required via the nhs web site.
for further information the contact details are the local pharmacist on 07341 200512 (please don't call woodnet)treescapes2021 - breaking new ground bringing researchers and practitioners togethertreescapes2021 is breaking new ground as it unveils a unique line up of key note speakers, talks and workshops to bring researchers and woodland practitioners together online from 6-8 july.
led by early career researchers based at three universities – bangor, birmingham and the open university - treescapes2021 aims to stimulate lasting conversations between research and woodland practitioners, providing up-to-the-minute experiences on the ground from foresters and woodland managers and an insight into some of today’s cutting edge research into forests, woodlands and trees from upcoming researchers.
maximum ticket price is just £30 for all three days! student tickets are just £10. book at www.birmingham.ac.uk/treescapes2021
treescapes2021 is being held in collaboration with centa, envision, the forest edge and the royal forestry society with support from forest research and the woodland trust2021 bursaries openapplications are now open for rfs bursary schemes to support rfs members and students upskill or carry out research in 2021and also for teachers in derbyshire, staffordshire or shropshire to attend an rfs outdoor learning training course.
 
details of all the bursaries can be found here https://www.rfs.org.uk/learning/bursaries/woodnet join face partnershipface is a group of forestry organisations and advisors who have come  together to provide specialist support to forest and timber supply chain  businesses which are considering investment in new facilities and  equipment. it consists of the community forest trust, cumbria woodlands,  kent downs aonb, martin glynn ficfor, northwoods, rural development  initiatives, small woods association, silvanus trust, sylva foundation,  woodnet and yorwoods. together they advise on business planning,  marketing, financial forecasting, grant applications and technical  issues.
 latest courses & events »  (0 events)there are currently no events listed. this may indicate that the events list is being updated.woodlots directory »  (3785 listings)cordwood for sale by tender - kent currently selling mixture of oak, birch, ash, alder & sweet chestnut. 
approximately 654m3 predominantly 10cm diameter upwards all cut to 2.2m lengths. 
offered in 12 lots ranging from approx 20m3 - 70m3, lots need to be purchased in their whole.                                     
no part lots will be offered for sale. 
all lots will be clearly marked.
felled through 2024.
all available at roadside, with good lorry access. 
appointments to view the cordwood must be pre booked with david keeler, no access will be allowed without an appointment. 
appointments from 16th december 2024.
tenders to be sent to: therron@tregothnan.co.uk 
closing date for tender 3rd january 2025 with timber uplift from 20th january 2025.
purchaser to arrange own haulage. 
payment required prior to uplift. mereworth, kent advert start date: 16/12/24 contact: david keelert: 07779 614890m: 07779 614890 therron@tregothnan.co.ukw: www.tregothnan.co.uknewsa training resource for traditional timber buildingwoodnet have completed a partnership project with architects, carpenters and woodwork trainers to support carpentry vocational skills training.
supported by the leonardo lifelong learning programme woodnet participants visited several european countries to discover the differences, and many similarities in timber construction and wood decoration.the background to this research is available at www.trawcoe.com  and this web portal also provides a link to a 3d models exploring many of the structures, ranging from a barn in kent to a latvian windmill, a romanian church and a french farmhouse.
 



 





copyright © 2025 woodnet  |  website design: btnw  |  email |  log in |    top







