





singapore city tours | big bus & duck (previously duck & hippo) tours











































































 kids club 
celebrate with us  
corporate, schools, groups 


festive staff programmes
school edu-tour 
corporate membership 
customised packages 



promotions     
contact us 
locate us 




book now! 









all tours
duck tours
big bus tours
attractions, passes & other tours

guided tours

guided night tours
guided walking tours


gourmetbus
s.e.a. aquarium
sentosa
universal studios singapore
singapore flyer
gardens by the bay
singapore zoo, river & night safari
singapore pass best value!



 










for optimum viewing pleasure on this website, please turn on your browser's javascript.












home





+65 6338-6877






















ride the wacky ducktours


residents save up to 10% off! embark a land and sea adventure onboard a remodeled vietnamese war craft that promises great family fun.get your tickets now! 
















big on fun, big on safety


we're back. book big bus tours online now! get your tickets now! 















big savings on combo


save big when you book for both the ducktours and big bus tours.book now! 
















night city tour


join us on board the open top double decker bus for a night of fun, ideal for foodies and shutterbugs! get your tickets now! 














singapore ducktours is sg clean certified.our premises are clean and sanitised frequently, our people are healthy and we are officially inspected and certified clean. find out more about our safety & hygiene measures!







popular singapore tours & attractions




















singapore ducktours



 
5 of 5

 

from

sg$45

 


 
 










big bus singapore (2 routes)



 
5 of 5

 

from

sg$59
sg$53.1

 


 
 










ducktours + big bus tours (discover)



 
5 of 5

 

from

sg$104
sg$99

 


 
 
unavailable










big bus tours - choice of 'city' or 'heritage' route



 
4.5 of 5

 

from

sg$37

 


 
 
unavailable


 
 


 



tour singapore the singapore ducktours way!







                    a cosmopolitan city with a rich history and culture. home to must-try local eats, the iconic shopping district of orchard road, sentosa the state of fun, world class parks and zoos, and charming neighbourhoods like chinatown and tiong bahru, where tradition meets modern. sample authentic local flavours while enjoying singapore's sights on asia's first gourmetbus. catch a ride on the amphibious duck tours and experience the exhilarating "splash" while taking in the picturesque views of the iconic city skyline and the marina bay. join a singapore city tour at your own pace, however you want it, with an unlimited hop-on hop-off singapore day pass on our big bus tours open top buses. skip the queue at attractions and save up to 57% when you buy multiple attraction passes with the the singapore pass.
				

 









ducktours


embark on a land and sea adventure onboard a remodeled vietnamese war craft that promises great family fun. view ducktours packages 









hop-on hop-off tours
unavailable


unlimited rides with multilingual onboard commentaries on our topless buses bringing you to singapore's top attractions.view hop-on hop-off packages 









unavailable
attractions & passes


save up to 57% off attraction prices with the hippo singapore pass, or book an attraction with city transfer.view attractions & passes 




















unavailable
gourmetbus dining tours


a first-of-its kind dining concept in asia, enjoy singapore's sights while sampling the best of local cuisine.explore gourmetbus 










what people are saying about singapore ducktours













“the duck tour was great. you start on land and then go into the water and then back on land all in the one vehicle. it is a guided tour around some of singapore's most popular sights. definitely worth the money and would do it again on our next singapore trip.”
- clare and shaun






i love the hop on and off bus! a great way to see singapore because it hits all the high points that you might not otherwise know to look for. i really recommend this for anyone new to singapore, but i have enjoyed taking it on subsequent visits as well. great fun.”
- susan w, united states of america






“we boarded the bus then started off to visit the various buildings and beautiful structures of the country. it was so much fun and you get to enjoy the wind in your hair and the sun in your face. it is very nice.”
- osama z, bahrain




 





celebrate with us





celebrate your events with us!


looking for a unique and fun way to celebrate your birthday, parties or even a product launch? come talk to us!
themed parties and celebrations 
corporate events / product launches 




kids club





super duckies club



only for kids 3-12 years old, super duckie club (sdc) members get to ride the duck free for an entire year!
sign up for the kids club now 




videos and gallery
















 






































all tours
ducktours
hop-on hop-off tours
hippo guided tours
gourmetbus 
attractions & passes
 
book now
terms & conditions





big bus & duck
about us
locate us
contact us
submit feedback
promotions
super duckies kids club
join us
gallery




charters, events & programs
celebrate with us
corporate, schools & groups
corporate membership
 
useful links
singapore tourism board
singapore changi airport
singapore meteorological center





 























© 2024 singapore ducktours pte ltdta license: ta01201 | tel: (+65) 6338 6877 | email: sales@ducktours.com.sg

