








home - wyoming corporations









































 



skip to content








  109 east 17th, #25, cheyenne wy 82001   |     484.599.1070   |    assetprofile@gmail.com 

primera, inc. 














  


search for:








homewyoming llcwyoming llc & the charging order protectionwyoming shelf corporationswyoming virtual officewyoming registered agentwyoming state income taxwyoming business corporation actwyoming vs. nevada corporationswyoming llc vs nevada llcllcthe llc operating agreement agreementllc statesllc flowchartreal estate llc 














homeasset profile2023-11-27t09:38:04+00:00 
limited liability = asset protectionwyoming corporationcontact uswyoming llc vs. nevada llcthe limited liability company (llc) is a hybrid entity. the llc offers the pass-through taxation of a partnership and the limited liability of a corporation.
the charging order protection is the asset protection behind the llc:wyoming statute 17‑15‑145. rights of creditor.“…the charging order is the exclusive remedy by which a judgment creditor of the member or transferee may satisfy a judgment against the member’s interest in a limited liability company.”
wyoming llc & the charging order protectionllc vs. corporationthe llc operating agreementwyoming llc vs. nevada llcshelf corporation for $1700, 5 years old. request list here.advantages of the nevada corporationwyoming corporation vs. nevada corporationthe wyoming corporation offers the same advantages of the nevada corporation with less hassle and expense.

no business license in most situations.

bank with institutions that are eager for your business. no need to practically ask for a permission to bank in nevada. wyoming and internet banks offer superior service and a friendly atmosphere.

pay less initial and annual filing fees. wyoming corporation and wyoming llc renewals are only $50 per year in fees. in comparison, nevada fees start at $225.

same privacy benefits without the high profile hoopla of nevada.

file as a foreign corporation in your home state if that’s where you intend to do business.
what about delaware? delaware is the best state for incorporation if you intended to go public with the corporation. delaware is best if your company is destined to be another starbucks or mcdonald’s. otherwise, the small business is best served by nevada and wyoming. wyoming costs less than nevada.
every opportunity an obligationjohn d. rockefellerjohn d. rockefeller was also quoted as saying, “i believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity an obligation; every possession a duty.”
protecting wealthwe believe that protecting wealth is serious business. it’s your right to control your assets in a manner that protects your interests and your future.time and moneyprotect your investment of time and money against those who are least deserving of it.affordable solutionswe specialize in offering affordable solutions for the small business person who seeks to protect assets from hostile creditors and vigilante spouses.asset protectionlimit your liability today through an llc or corporation filed in wyoming. limited liability is asset protection.nationwide secretary of state
arkansas secretary of state

arizona secretary of state

arizona corporation commission

arkansas secretary of state

california department of corporations

colorado secretary of state

connecticut secretary of state

delaware secretary of state

district of columbia

florida secretary of state

georgia secretary of state

hawaii secretary of state

idaho secretary of state

illinois secretary of state

indiana secretary of state

iowa secretary of state

kansas secretary of state

kentucky secretary of state

louisiana secretary of state

maine secretary of state

maryland department of assessments and taxation

massachusetts corporations division

michigan department of consumer and industry services

minnesota secretary of state

mississippi secretary of state

missouri secretary of state

montana secretary of state

nebraska secretary of state

nevada secretary of state

new hampshire secretary of state corporations division

new mexico secretary of state

north carolina secretary of state

north dakota secretary of state

ohio secretary of state

oklahoma secretary of state

oregon secretary of state

pennsylvania department of state – corporation bureau

rhode island secretary of state

south carolina secretary of state

south dakota secretary of state

tennessee secretary of state

texas secretary of state

utah secretary of state

vermont secretary of state

virginia state corporation commission

west virginia secretary of state

wisconsin department of financial institutions

wyoming secretary of state




 
 
let’s talk
contact us for details

 















i would like free reports on how to build business credit and succeed with my small business




×


aged shelf corporations and llc’s offer no tax advantages. we’re not attorneys. we’re not tax advisors. aged corporations are not an advantage if you intend to do business with the government.
tips

real estate llc
wyoming is for tax haterspro creditor states that suckwyoming business corporation actdelaware llc v. wyoming llc109 east 17th, #25, cheyenne wy 82001307.237.2580702.920.8824assetprofile@gmail.comtips
wyoming corporation tip#1:file as a foreign corporation in your home state if sales are not approved in wyoming.wyoming corporation tip#2:the wyoming llc and the nevada llc are known for their limited liability, excellent charging order protection, and flexibility in management.llc fact
llc fact
fact: wyoming invented the american llc in 1977, as it was modeled after the 1892 german company law known as gesellschaft mit beschrnkter haftung (gmbh). nevada and delaware copied wyoming's llc and profited from it most through better marketing.
llc fact
for the llc charging order protection, the llc must meet three conditions:

the llc is manager-managed
the llc is taxed as a partnership
the llc has at least two members.

llc fact
llc factthe llc charging order protection allows you to set up the hostile creditor to be liable for income not yet received. this places you in an advantageous position for a favorable settlement. a hostile creditor doesn't want to be liable for an income tax when the income hasn't yet been received.llc factto combine the llc charging order protection with the financial privacy of a corporation, the following strategies can be utilized:
a c corporation can serve as a manager of the llc
a c corporation can serve as a member of the llc.

© 2025 - wyoming corporations.us. - all rights reserved.


 
 
page load link

 














go to top




