



westchester divorce lawyer | friedman & friedman pllc




































westchester & rockland county family lawyers

call today!
914.873.4410









 back
					

home

attorney profiles



andrea b. friedman

sari m. friedman

jennifer moran

laraib butt 

david m. rubenstein

crystal s. pannell

emily c. prudente



firm profile



our blog

firm videos

faq



divorce



alimony

child custody

child support

collaborative divorce

family law

fathers' rights

grandparents' rights

grounds for divorce

high net worth divorce

modifications

property division / equitable distribution

same-sex divorce

separation agreements

visitation

uncontested divorce



family law



alimony / maintenance

child custody

child support

divorce

domestic violence / orders of protection

modifications

prenuptial & postnuptial agreements

separation agreements

uncontested divorce

visitation



make a payment

testimonials

contact us




menu



				our offices are open for in-person consultations as well as phone and video consultations. please don’t hesitate to call us if you have any questions!
			








over 90 years of
combined experience
your divorce lawyers
								in westchester county


talk to an attorney today























































h
divorce attorneys in westchester
a team of trusted westchester county family lawyers


	perhaps you are considering
	divorce. maybe you have just been served divorce papers by your spouse or you
	 want to execute a
	separation agreement in order to later file for a divorce. or maybe you need a
	post-judgment modification of a family law order. in any of these cases, you need the right attorney.


	come to
	friedman & friedman pllc, attorneys at law for a consultation with a
	westchester county family lawyer regarding your case. during your meeting, you will meet with a divorce
	 attorney who can review your case, give you an honest and straightforward
	 evaluation of what you are up against, and provide you with a list of
	 options so that you can make educated decisions.


	having someone by your side on whom you can rely for legal advice and personal
	 support can make all the difference in easing the end of your marriage.
	 our seasoned and professional divorce
	attorneys in westchester county, ny are ready to help ensure that your needs are addressed and that your interests
	 are not overlooked during your divorce.


reasons you need a lawyer for divorce

	with most of the world being online, using web-based diy divorce software
	 could be tempting. or if online is unappealing, you might also try to
	 get through the court-required paperwork on your own. these options exist
	 but you will be better served by a seasoned attorney with a rich background in
	divorce law.

below are a few reasons why a diy divorce isn’t in your best interests:

online divorce sites may not provide county-specific paperwork required
		 by local courts.
courts mandate deadlines that must be met at each step in the process.
you may still have to go to court after filing.
you can be stuck with an agreement that is unfair.
you may overlook some assets and other legal rights.
your parenting agreement may not take into account future needs.

no matter how friendly you are with your soon-to-be-ex, they are not going
	 to look after your best interests. they will first look after their own.
	 you need someone in your corner to advocate on your behalf, to find all
	 assets, and ask important questions you might not otherwise consider.

	mistakes made during a diy divorce will have long-lasting impacts.
	hire a lawyer to navigate the complex legal system, letting you focus on moving forward.

handling divorce & family law in westchester county

andrea friedman of friedman & friedman pllc, attorneys at law can help you, from
	child custody and
	support matters to property division. whatever your particular needs and goals,
	 our westchester county divorce lawyers are happy to
	answer your questions and address your concerns in order to help you make an informed decision
	 regarding your family law matter.

our westchester county family law attorneys have over nine decades of combined
	 experience and focus exclusively on family law in order to provide the
	 most knowledgeable and experienced representation possible.







new york metro super lawyers® (top 5% of attorneys in the region)




2017-2018 women’s leaders in law award - hofstra university school of law




2016 stars under 40 award




2016-2018 leadership in law award - new york’s women leaders in the law




2018 super lawyers rising star




general counsel, fathers' rights association of ny state & long island




hofstra law school award as an emerging leader at their annual outstanding
							 women in law event




member, white plains rotary club




premier 100 trial attorneys in new york - national academy of jurisprudence










our firm's history in westchester county

friedman & friedman began from the start as a top tier matrimonial
	 and family law firm. the firm served primarily long island and its neighboring
	 counties of manhattan and the five boroughs of new york city. today, the
	 firm continues to provide the same level of representation to clients
	 but has expanded its reach to residents of westchester, ny.

	with the opening of the white plains office,
	attorney andrea friedman continues the firm’s legacy in this area. she is committed to providing
	 these individuals with the high-quality representation that has been offered
	 at our main location.

why choose our westchester family law firm
attorney friedman carries a legacy of award-winning advocacy, and has received
	 the long island business news millennial award, which sets her apart from
	 other young professionals in her generation in the westchester area.
the firm continues to provide the highest level of advocacy available to
	 our clients at this location. we have been recognized with numerous awards,
	 including the 2016 millennium award from long island business news that
	 sets andrea apart from other young professionals. andrea has also been
	 presented with the 2016 stars under 40 award from star network.

	among countless other awards,
	attorney sari friedman has been presented with smartceo's 2016 family business award, which recognizes
	 the firm's legacy, its core family values, and its desire to serve generations to come.






divorce



alimony

child custody

child support

collaborative divorce

family law

fathers' rights

grandparents' rights

grounds for divorce

high net worth divorce

modifications

property division / equitable distribution

same-sex divorce

separation agreements

visitation

uncontested divorce












our client testimonials





“i would recommend sari friedman to anyone looking for a clear victory in their cases.”
ronald 



“i may forget where i parked my car but i will never forget how great of a job you all did. thank you.”
i.c. 



“i trust them implicitly and am very thankful i hired them. give them a chance. you won't be sorry.”
former client 



“she was knowledgeable in all areas of my case and i would highly recommend andrea friedman and her firm.”
will 



“the level of professionalism within sari's handling of my case was unmatched. if you are considering this type of matter, i urge you to set up a consultation with sari.”
arianna 







read more testimonials








				video testimonials
				
			






jean's testimonial

jean speaks about her experiences with friedman & friedman, pllc.







elissa's testimonial

elissa speaks about her experiences with friedman & friedman, pllc.







barbara testimonial

barbara speaks about her experiences with friedman & friedman, pllc.














more videos







let us provide the compassionate care you deserve.





first name:



								please enter your first name.
							



last name:



								please enter your last name.
							



phone



								this isn't a valid phone number.
							



email:



								please enter your email address.
							

								this isn't a valid email address.
							



are you a new client?


are you a new client?
yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.


								please make a selection.
							



message



									please enter a message.
								





send







				our blog
				
			



understanding alimony: what high net worth individuals need to know
feb 02
navigating the complexities of alimony can be particularly challenging for high net worth individuals. with significant assets at stake, understanding ...
view more

which parent gets custody of the embryos?
jan 30
in a recent article on almlaw.com, andrea friedman shares her insight regarding custody of embryos in a family law dispute. read full article here.
view more

equitable distribution in high net worth divorces
jan 16
high net worth divorces present unique challenges, particularly in the realm of equitable distribution. understanding the intricate legal frameworks ...
view more



view all blogs



















firm profile


attorney profiles


faq


testimonials


contact us


site map


privacy policy








120 bloomingdale road
								
									suite 307,
								
							
white plains,
							ny 
10605
map & directions [+]




(914) 873-4410







666 old country road,
								suite 704,
							
garden city,
							ny 
11530
map & directions [+]










make a payment






				x
			

⚠
your browser is out of date. to get the full experience of this website,
					 please update to most recent version.

update my browser








the information on this website is for general information purposes only.
							 nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual
							 case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt
							 or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.

					© 2025 all rights reserved.
				





















