


welcome to the friends of beamish museum.









 skip to navigation.



site search








  
friends of beamish museum 
 home page. 




welcome to the friends of beamish.


 join us 
 	or renew  


visitors may prefer to skip to our popular online newsletter to find out  what's on at beamish and what the friends are doing:
 online 
newsletter    »




1950s now open at beamish

 
friday evening meetings
upcoming meetings
january 28th 2025 - 8.00pm 
paul heatherington  - the sword makers of shotley bridge
	 

to be on line via zoom only       
	 





please contact the friends' office, by e-mail, for more details on how to 
	 join us and to receive updates on the friday meetings.


please check this site regularly for 
	 updates on meeting details.  




what's on at beamish?
keep checking for special events at beamish 
see the full list of special events planned for this year at beamish.
to keep up to date with transport developments at beamish 
	  visit 
	  beamish transport online 

	have a look at these fantastic illustrated diaries by samuel tuke richardson
click here to journey with him into the past. 

family annals by road and rail, by flood and field                

the road to albalanda   

always a warm welcome from the friends.
no matter where you live. we have members from all around britain and in other parts of the world. you don't have to live locally to join the friends.

part of beamish museum a registered charity.
the friends of beamish is part of beamish museum, a registered charity, protecting and re-creating the region's past for future generations to enjoy.  

friends' membership deal.
benefits of joining the friends:

friendship.
free admission to the museum for a whole year.
free copies of the beamish magazine (worth â£5.00). 
25% discount on the museum guidebook.
social events and occasional behind the scenes visits around the site.
10% discount in the museum's catering and retail outlets (excludes sun inn, 
 fairground and photographic experience). 
helps support our volunteers and our work for the museum.


friends of beamish membership details.

adult individual membership: £37.95
adult partners (at same address): £61.50
 senior citizen (60+years) individual: £31.25
senior citizen partners: £49.00
child (5-16 years): â£27.25
student: â£31.25. 
family (1) - 1 adult and 2 children: £57.50
family (2) - 1 adult and 3 children: â£67.00
family (3) - 2 adults and 1 child: â£71.00
family (4) - 2 adults and  2 children:  £81.00 
family (5) - 2 adults and 3 children: â£88.25 
lifetime membership package: â£3000.00. (all the above benefits plus 
invitations to exhibit openings and our beamish museum evening events for 
partners and free entry for up to four guests per 
visit.)
members brooch - each: £1.50.


note: fees are payable in pounds sterling only.
non-uk members can arrange payment by contacting the friends' office.


join or renew now!
become a friend of beamish and support the important work we do for beamish museum.

top












enjoy admission to beamish as often as you like and help to secure the future of our past. 
	
 
find out more about becoming a  friend of beamish and support the important work we do for beamish museum.
 


site favourites.
online newsletter

restoration projects.
restoration projects archive.
horse drawn vehicles and carts.
beamish cycle collection.
oilcloth and floorcloth.
beamish quilt collection.
volunteers in costume.
social events and activities.
articles and stories.
durham pit stories.
john grundy (friends' chair).





top.


main site navigation:


home page
site map
f.a.q
beamish buzz

restoration workshop
beamish cycle collection
beamish quilt collection
volunteers in costume
social events and activities
articles and stories
john grundy
durham pit stories
join us
web links
about us
contact us
privacy















â 




