







































virginia tech brand center  | virginia tech brand center | virginia tech








skip to main content
skip to search




virginia tech®
					home





universal access toggle

universal access




close universal access dialog

universal access options

report a
									barrier

accessibility
									portal




pause all background videos








underline all links





 
 
 



apply

visit

give



shop



hokie gearapparel, clothing, gear and
											merchandise
hokie shopuniversity bookstore,
											merchandise and gifts
hokie
											license platespart of every virginia tech plate purchase
											funds
											scholarships







resources for



future students

current
							students
parents and families
faculty and staff
alumni
industry and partners



 
 




virginia tech brand center





menu







virginia tech brand center




virginia tech brand center brand strategy brand architecture


brand identity


brand identity submenu toggle



logo guidelineslogo lockupscolor guidetypeimagerydesign




licensing and trademarks


licensing and trademarks submenu toggle



university trademarkscampus uselicensing informationwhy licensed products?faq ordering virginia tech promotional products




communications and marketing


communications and marketing submenu toggle



resources for virginia tech communicatorseditorial guidenew communicator toolkithow-tos and faqspolicies and guidelinespublishing videosreferences and toolssocial mediauniversity style guidevirginia tech news guideweb design and accessibility


resources downloads and templates


contacts


contacts submenu toggle



marketing and creative request form





apply
visit
give



shop



hokie gearapparel, clothing, gear and merchandise
hokie shopuniversity bookstore, merchandise and gifts
hokie license platespart of every virginia tech plate purchase funds scholarships









resources for




future students
current students
parents and families
faculty and staff
alumni
industry and partners








search










search query


×


search








 






										search this site 






										search all vt.edu sites 






										people search 





frequent searches:



 













web results for 









sort by relevance
 sort by date



























 





news results for 









sort by relevance
 sort by date






filter search









categories


academics




campus experience




culture




impact




research




story type


feature




notice




story



video




apply filters
clear filters



























 





video results for 









sort by relevance
 sort by date


























 





people results for 































 
 



people results



see more



 

vt news results



see more



 
 
 
 





 
 
 

 
 



virginia tech brand center / 





explore










                            
                            brand strategy
                        



                            
                            brand architecture
                        



                            
                            brand identity
                        



                            
                            licensing and trademarks
                        



                            
                            communications and marketing
                        



                            
                            resources
                        



                            
                            downloads and templates
                        



                            
                            contacts
                        







virginia tech brand center







welcome to the brand center



















about the virginia tech brand
a brand is a reflection of the organization, a representation of its reputation. the virginia tech brand guidelines encapsulate the image, primary messaging, and various ways we represent the university. since our re-brand launch in 2017, the university has continued to update its identity brand standards to ensure a consistent look and style in the marketplace.
consistency among all units of virginia tech solidifies name recognition, a fundamental element of institutional positioning. we strive to uphold this brand of virginia tech and continually inform and engage our audiences about the virginia tech brand in an increasingly diverse and competitive higher education marketplace.


about the virginia tech brand education program
the virginia tech brand encapsulates the image, primary messaging, and various ways we represent the university. the training modules in the virginia tech brand education program, listed below, will help you understand how to use the brand and what legal protections apply to licensing and trademarks.



hokie brand camp
hokie brand camp is an annual one-day event where the virginia tech community in blacksburg can discover what's new with the brand and learn about available vendors and licensed products. learn more about the 2024 event, held on sept. 12, 2024.

















 
inclusive, courageous
and adaptable
 





          brand strategy
        













 
visual brand
 





          brand identity
        













 
master brand, extensions
and other brands
 





          brand architecture
        













 
get your licensed
merchandise!
 





          licensing and trademarks
        













 
university style guide
and messaging
 





          communications and marketing
        













 
download the
files you need





          downloads
        













 
feedback, requests
and directory
 





          contact
        










adherence: policy 12000

“the virginia tech brand guidelines are university policy.” (referenced in policy 12000, usage of the university name, revised nov. 15, 2018.)
projecting an image of cohesiveness and excellence is important for all of virginia tech’s many audiences. the logo and official university names have registered trademark protection, and the use of any trademark or official university names other than those prescribed in this manual is prohibited, regardless of funding sources. alterations to the specifications outlined in this manual are prohibited without the consent of marketing and brand management.
this manual describes specific rules, applications, and executions to be followed. adhering to these standards ensures that communications from every college and unit speak with a clear and uniform voice that best represents the brand and identity of virginia tech.
note: journal articles, research papers, proposals, technical reports, or other specialized documents may require standards different from those presented here. for more information on the virginia tech brand, please contact vtbrand@vt.edu.







 

 
























get directions  
see all locations  
contact virginia tech  






university status
principles of community
privacy statement
acceptable use
we remember
university libraries
accessibility
consumer information
cost & aid
safe at vt
policies
equal opportunity
wvtf
university bookstore
jobs at virginia tech
strategic plan





© 2025 virginia polytechnic institute and state university. all rights reserved.


facebook
x
threads
instagram
linked in
youtube











