







home - divetek australasia - the leaders in gas management solutions

















































homeproducts / storeservicessuper yachtsregister for super yacht portal accessabout divetekcontact us









about divetek

the main thrust of divetek is the ability to listen to clients and in turn, supply needed and up to date products and solutions. to this end divetek will endeavour to source or manufacture gas management solutions which best fit the client environment.  we pride ourselves in the fact that we are able to supply great quality product when the need is apparent.
our main areas of expertise and supply are:

technical diving gas management equipment
nitrox membrane manufacture and supply of bespoke nitrox systems
breathing air high pressure compressors
water cooled breathong air compressors
high end yacht fitouts
gas distribution panels
technical diving gas analysers
diving analyser sensors
gas boosters (air, oxygen and other gases)
aviation gas management supply
aviation gas boosting carts
bespoke gas management projects
breathing gas purity testing

design, sales, installation, service and maintenance of complete gas management installations for many industries that require high quality, high pressure breathing air systems
 with both principals of divetek active technical divers, you know that divetek has it's finger on the pulse of australian technical diving and gas management needs.  divetek specialize in bespoke gas management systems such as nitrox membrane systems and all facets of dive store and commercial installation. with over 30% of all membranes in use in australia being designed, built and supplied by divetek, we are rapidly moving to the forefront of nitrox supply.

contact us if you have any questions or would like to enquire about how we can help your business.
company information









services

at divetek, we are at hand to assist you with all of your service and technical requirements. just call us for assistance with;

analyser sales, repairs and sensor replacement.
analyser calibration
high pressure compressor repair, hire, installation and maintenance
low pressure air supply installation
gas management design
gas panel design, installation and service
oxygen booster supply
inert gas booster supply
nitrox membrane sales, installation and maintenance
high pressure gas storage and delivery installation
pipe runs
general engineering
gas management trouble shooting
mega yacht gas management installation
mega yacht gas management repair and maintenance
remote area repair and servicing

 
if you would like to discuss any of the services we offer, please get in touch via our contact page.









super yacht services

divetek understands the needs of cruising superyachts. 
based in brisbane, divetek is at the hub of the superyacht centres such as rivergate marina and coomera. with over 14 years of experience suppling high quality product to the superyacht market divetek is the only choice when it comes to service, supply and customer satisfaction.
 

 














        search





search... 














        your shopping cart





			your cart is empty....		











        latest news






			new stand alone nitrox system for lady elliott island












        login form






user name



password



remember me


  



 



			forgot your password?



			forgot your username?



				create an account




























    o-sense

copyright ©2001-2025 divetek australasia. all rights reserved.
website useage terms & conditions















