



welcome to the little h.r. giger page







































welcome

the little giger page is about the art of the swiss surrealist, h.r. giger. it is the official supplement to the artist's own website,
www.hrgiger.com, and provides information to his fans about the artist's accomplishments, his books,
films, and special projects, plus the most comprehensive database of h.r. giger's artistic output of nearly 40 years.

please visit our recently expanded articles section, an important feature of this supplementary website where we try to maintain a complete
and up-to-date archive of all h.r. giger related newspaper and magazine articles as pdf downloads. now you can see all the actual pages and
the images as they were printed and read the complete articles in their original languages from all over the world.






updated giger database





news:

tuesday, 13th may 2014
statement on the passing of h.r. giger


as many of you now have heard, "hans ruedi" giger, known to the world as h.r. giger, passed away yesterday at the age of 74. we are absolutely heartbroken over the loss of this loving husband, selfless friend, and supremely talented artist.

he truly was one of a kind, committed to his craft, to his friends and to his family. his warm personality, incredible generosity, and sharp sense of humor, were in stark contrast with the universe he depicted in his art. we would like to express our gratitude to the wonderful tributes that have been written following h.r. giger's death. these kind words and appreciation of his artistry continue to nourish and lift our hearts at this most devastating of times, and to know that his art has inspired and entertained so many people is of unimaginable comfort.

as much as giger shunned the limelight, preferring his work to speak for him, he was greatly appreciative of every compliment he ever received and we know he would be amazed and humbled by the kindness that continues to be the subject of his eulogies. in a career with so many star-studded highlights, it is only natural that many have mentioned his world famous brainchild, alien, since the news broke this morning. it was certainly a creation which giger prized, much as he took great pride in his collaboration with myriads of music industry and film artists, since he began his glorious journey as a world class painter, sculptor and designer.

our priority now is to support his wife carmen maria scheifele giger, and the extended giger family, and ask that you respect our privacy during this time, so we may mourn the loss of our beloved "hans ruedi".

the h.r. giger family






hr giger retrospective: fabrik der künste


hr giger retrospective
in hamburg, germany
january 20, 2012 - march 4, 2012


fabrik der künste
20537 hamburg
kreuzbrook 10/12
www.fabrikderkuenste.de






h.r. giger mourns the sad loss of his friend and colleague dan o'bannon

dan o'bannon
30 september, 1946 - 17 december, 2009

©1978 mia bonzanigo. courtesy of hrgigermuseum.com

dan o'bannon with h.r. giger on the set of alien, shepperton studios, england, 1978

links:


the official dan o'bannon facebook fan page

remembering the late, great dan o'bannon
by phelim o'neill, guardian.co.uk

dan o'bannon - the internet movie database

dan o'bannon - wikipedia







prohelvetica international exposition


swiss design in hollywwood
in valencia, spain
march 4, 2009 - april 28, 2009


universidad politécnica de valencia -
facultad de bellas artes de san carlos
camino de vera, s/n, 46002 valencia, valencia







h.r. giger. kunst - design - film


h.r. giger exhibit at the deutsches filmmuseum, 2009
january 21 - july 26 2009

an exhibit featuring h.r. giger's film design work will be held at the deutsches filmmuseum in frankfurt, germany from january 21 - july 26, 2009.
the installation will feature original painting, sketches, maquettes, props and costumes, archival photos, and more. the films covered will include
alien, alien 3, species, and poltergeist ii.
deutsches filminstitut - deutsches filmmuseum
schaumainkai 41
60596 frankfurt am main, germany
tel.: +49 (0)69-961220-302
www.deutschesfilmmuseum.de



brevans h.r. giger




!!! beyond bad - missing in prague - elp paintings... !!!



message from h.r. giger:
<<< ebay buyers beware!! >>>
mr. giger wishes to forewarn all his collectors and fans
that most of the merchandise sold on ebay, claiming to
have been made by h.r. giger or to be reproductions of giger
artworks are fakes, forgeries and cheap imitations.
such ebay offerings are in violation of mr. giger's copyright.
if you cannot find the exact same item featured on one of the
authorized giger websites, or listed in the giger database,
or via a link from one of the giger websites to a legitimate licensor,
art dealer or gallery, you will not be buying an authentic
product created by h.r. giger.

last update jul. 14th 2013
for details see the update history




if you have additional reliable information or corrections for these pages, please send it to:
olli@littlegiger.comimprint and privacy notice



