











webshuttle transcription | bytescribe


































 info@bytescribe.com
 (844) 292-4252
      
















home
webshuttle 

how it works
features
pricing
support
free trial


wavplayer 

overview
wavplayer download
accessories
support
purchase now


docshuttle 

overview
docshuttle administrator
docshuttle dictator
docshuttle transcriptionist
14-day free trial
purchase now


orator 

overview
orator download
support
purchase now


store






login 





webshuttle dictationand transcription platform
use our cutting-edge speech recognition technology
	  and ai formatting tools to help your organization be 
	  more efficient.  don't just succeed in transcription.  thrive!
get started









why choose webshuttle?

				everchanging trends in transcription have made it difficult to stay competitive. 
				today's requirements include high security, integration with other systems, fast turnaround, and many other challenges. 
				let us provide the right platform to make workflow simple, secure, and profitable. 
				we have over 20 years of experience to help you succeed!
              

learn more 









simple workflow
every transcription organization needs an efficient method for managing transcription workflow.





high security
webshuttle is maintained with the highest security standards. advanced system processes are in place to continually keep information safe.





affordable
having an affordable transcription platform allows you to minimize costs and stay profitable.

















			  your browser does not support the video tag.
			


bytescribe cares about your success!

			bytescribe is a partner that comes along side your organization to help you succeed. 
			let us take care of the technical aspects so you can focus on running your business. 
			the tools provided in webshuttle allow your organization to run smoothly and efficiently.
			


cutting-edge speech recognition technology
utilize the latest technology to be more productive and efficient. 



ai formatting and productivity tools
optional ai tools allow you to intelligently format text, summarize and extract data.



simple and intuitive dictation and transcription platform
webshuttle simplifies the transcription process, making it effortless to dictate and transcribe.









features

		  webshuttle is designed to be simple and intuitive. we realize each organization is different.
		  webshuttle provides the tools to help you succeed!
		  





dictation
allow dictation from mobile apps, call-in dictation lines, handheld recorders and through the web portal.





transcription
transcribe online or through a desktop app.  create microsoft word documents or any other format or type directly into an emr system.





online editing
allow any user to edit microsoft documents online quickly and efficiently.





electronic signature
users can view, edit and e-sign documents online or directly in microsoft word.





integration
webshuttle works alongside any other platform.  integrate and send data to other systems.





productivity tools
utilize tools like line counting reports, apps for importing audio files, automated file transfers, speech recognition and many more!









pricing

		  pay only for the level of service that you need.  whether you need mobile apps, speech recognition, or ftp access, select a plan that is right for you.
		  








lite
                    starting at
                    $9 / month
unlimited call-in ids
includes 3 platform users (each add’l user $3/month)
6¢ / min dictation via local number
8¢ / min dictation via toll-free number
no mobile app integration
web-only access / no ftp
no speech recognition
limited features
get started





premium
                    starting at
                    $30 / month
unlimited call-in ids
includes 3 platform users (each add’l user $10/month)
6¢ / min dictation via local number
8¢ / min dictation via toll-free number
3¢ / line ai transcription
speech recognition
mobile app integration (iphone and android)
docshuttle / ftp integration
electronic signature
get started





platinum
                    starting at
                    $200 / month
unlimited call-in ids
includes 25 platform users (each add’l user $8/month)
3¢ / min dictation via local number
5¢ / min dictation via toll-free number
3¢ / line ai transcription
speech recognition
mobile app integration (iphone and android)
docshuttle / ftp integration
full customization
get started





enterprise
                    starting at
                    $400 / month
unlimited call-in ids
includes 80 platform users (each add’l user $5/month)
2¢ / min dictation via local number
4¢ / min dictation via toll-free number
3¢ / line ai transcription
speech recognition
mobile app integration (iphone and android)
docshuttle / ftp integration
full customization
get started












quick tour

		  click the links to the left to take a quick tour.
		  





productivity


transcription features


wavplayer software


mobile apps


desktop app








proven results
webshuttle is a simple and easy-to-use cloud-based transcription and dictation platform.
					  
					bytescribe has over 20 years of experience in the transcription industry.
					we have worked with thousands of users to develop an efficient transcription workflow.
					every transcription company needs an organized method for managing transcription. 
					
					an efficient workflow increases productivity and improves turn around. 
					bytescribe has developed a simple and affordable model for managing all aspects of the dictation and transcription process.
				  








work efficiently
webshuttle is designed to manage all aspects of transcription workflow for organizations of any size.

					webshuttle allows transcriptionists to access work quickly, customize microsoft word templates, type in any platform and listen to audio with any foot pedal program.
					the administrator can set up work pools to automatically route dictation to the correct transcriptionist.  
					
					webshuttle features include toll-free call-in dictation, secure web login, document management, electronic signature, quality assurance, detail billing reports, printing, and faxing. 
					webshuttle also seamlessly integrates with the popular docshuttle desktop transcription software..				
                  








wavplayer transcription software

					wavplayer by bytescribe is an audio player program that allows the user to listen to standard sound files while controlling them with a foot pedal or with hot keys on the keyboard.				
                    
					a transcriptionist can transcribe dictated reports without taking her hands off of the keyboard. 
					the foot pedal controls the play, pause, rewind and fast forward functions. 
					wavplayer software has been used by thousands of transcriptionists for many years..					
				  








mobile apps for iphone and android

					whether you are using a desktop computer, laptop, tablet or mobile phone, webshuttle is customized for simplicity and ease-of-use.
					

					webshuttle dictate is a voice recorder application that sends dictation directly into the webshuttle transcription platform. 
					download the app for free. 
					simple and easy-to-use. 
					one button to record and another to send dictation.
					
					at bytescribe we understand that your time is money. 
					that's why we've created an efficient workflow that increases productivity and improves turn around. 
					bytescribe has developed a simple and affordable model for managing all aspects of your transcription workflow.
										
					the bytescribe model is simple, secure and it works well. 
					bytescribe has worked with healthcare information professionals over the past 20 years. 
					we have seamlessly integrated dictation and transcription into webshuttle. 
					dictate, transcribe, and view files all within a patient's file.
				  








docshuttle desktop plug-in for webshuttle

					automate file transfers, importing from handheld recorders, backups and printing. 
					
				
					automated tasks such as transfers, importing, backups and printing can be accomplished throught the docshuttle plug-in.
					files transfers are encrypted and secure.  permissions are set by the administrator. 
				  














get started with a 14-day free trial

		  fill out the form below to get started.  
		  we will set up your 14-day free trial.  
		  your account specialist will customize the right solution for you.
		  






































loading

your appointment request has been sent successfully. thank you!


get started








about bytescribe

		  bytescribe has provided quality healthcare information systems for over 20 years.
		  we have worked with thousands of users to provide an efficient transcription workflow.
		  transcription organizations need a solution that simplifies the transcription workflow process. 
		  the required move to electronic medical records and the need to be compliant with the latest security standards mean companies must adapt and integrate or go out of business. 
		  webshuttle is a platform on which you can run your transcription business.
		  





   trusted security
 
webshuttle is maintained with the highest security standards. 
				advanced system processes are in place to continually keep information safe.






   tested workflow
 
the bytescribe model is simple, secure and it works well. 
				bytescribe has worked with healthcare information professionals over the past 20 years.






   microsoft azure partner
 
bytescribe is committed to keeping data secure. we have developed a strategy to deal with any risk of disruption of service. 






  superior design
 
the platform allows providers to view, enter and modify patient data in a way that is simple and intuitive and guide providers through the proper workflow.










what our partners say

		  bytescribe has been providing excellent service and customer support for over 24 years.
		  


















daniel
it director


                    the tools from bytescribe give us the capability to work with and integrate into many different environments ...
                    








kim
colorado


					you guys came through with flying colors! 
					thank you for taking a stressful moment and making it not so stressful! 
					that was a major de-stressor for me!!
					








kathy
california


					i have been using and loving my bytescribe [system] for more than 10 years now. 
					what a great company! 
					you have excellent products and excellent service to back them up.					
                    








antonia
maryland


					bytescribe is the best vendor i've ever dealt with and will always highly recommend your services to anyone that asks.					
                    








gwen m.
wisconsin


					as always, your customer service is second to none..					
                    








kathy ireland
worldwide business


					it sounds like bytescribe is leading the way in transforming the medical industry.
                   
















bytescribe, inc.

              5555 glenridge connector 
              suite 200 
              atlanta, ga  30342
              united states 

phone: +1 (888) 462-8710
fax: +1 (866) 908-9510
email: info@bytescribe.com



our services

 home
 how it works
 features
 pricing
 support
 vehrdict



useful links

 security
 terms of service
 privacy policy
 return policy
 hipaa security
 android app privacy policy
 speech recognition
 ai transcription



blog posts

 blogs
 the future of ai in healthcare
 ehr intelligence
 unlocking the potential
 ensuring data security in ehr systems
 the future of healthcare
 ehr implementation best practices



join our newsletter
enter your email address below to receive updates and notifications about our service.










          © copyright bytescribe, inc. all rights reserved
        


















creating your account. please wait ...
















