





spiritual teachings by clayten tylor









clayten tylor(current)






profile 
profile
contact


clayten's books

seaweed jelly-diet 2008
seaweed beauty 2009
the feeling 2016
love & light 2017
conjugial love 2019
timeless life 2020
the great work 2021
the affection of love 2022
good & truth 2023
the divine human 2024
smelling: the key
















 


spiritual teachings
books on self-improvement & spiritual development
browse books






esoteric astrology
improve your physical & mental health: "know thyself"
browse books






seaweed diet & beauty
high-vibrational seaweed diet & beauty guide
browse books






the divine human
a guide to death and spiritual rebirth
browse book






spiritual development
smelling: the key to enlightenment
read more






previous



next




books by clayten
available everywhere @
lulu.com









spiritual teachings



smelling: the key to enlightenment
perceive the truth by smelling ...  enlightened by the spiritual breath
- spiritual development, new thought, end mind-chatter.
new book: read more » 









#1: the feeling
an interpretation of spiritual writings from a mystic's perspective.
- happiness, spiritual development, new thought, numerology.
read more » 









#2: love & light
spiritual experiences as a  feeling, the language of angels and spirits.
- teach spiritual development, self-help visualizations, spiritual healing.
read more »

 






#3: conjugial love:
our path of return
conjugial love is the heat and light of every soul, the path of return.
- self-help others, spirituality, numerology, astrology
read more » 










#4: timeless life:
the 365 day self-improvement plan
 if you can visualize the perfect body ... the feeling will accomplish the rest!
- goal setting, moon diet, manifesting love, esoteric astrology, numerology
read more » 










#5: the great work:
obtaining inner power and virtue
an inner journey of the human mind to obtain a different kind of love. 
- human mind, regeneration, spiritual development, self-improvement.
read more » 











#6: the affection of love:
how to invoke an influx of spiritual good.
the transformation of sensual energy into spiritual love, and then divine creative power.
- advanced spiritual development, numerology, new thought techniques
read more » 










#7: good & truth:
the art of spiritual balance.
attract spiritual love by feeling as big as the universe.
- self improvement, spiritual regeneration, end mind-chatter
read more » 









#8: the divine human
a guide to death and spiritual rebirth
- rebirth, spiritual regeneration,  age of aquarius, divine feminine
read more » 




 


 audio
    compilations



timeless series:
a spiritual compilation
seven previously published books on spirituality, in audio & ebook formats.
search  ebook isbn#9781312077546 (approx. 1000 pages)



 
description »





 



this collection starts with the
          feeling, to vivify the body
        to spiritual life. next, love & light, an attunement using
        ten exercises to experience the limitless light. then comes conjugial
        love: our path of return, the will as the affection of mutual-love
        for spiritual self-healing. after that, timeless life: the 365 day
        self-improvement plan to invoke an out-of-body experience of being
        infinite and eternal. from there, we take on the great work: obtaining
        inner power and virtue to discover the happiness and delight from
        willing what is good. then, we graduate to the affection of
        love: how to invoke an influx of spiritual good, and practice invoking
        an influx of conjugial love for our own spiritual regeneration. finally,
        we read good & truth:
        the art of spiritual balance to unite the inner with the outer
        self. there, we discover the spiritual centre-point of balance within.
      





seaweed
diet & beauty guides 



the seaweed jelly-diet cookbook guide:
discover the secrets to savory flavors, creamy textures, and nutritional weight loss - naturally!
simply gourmet! a cookbook guide for the western chef.
- cookery, health, high-fibre diet, kelp-jelly recipes, seaweed as food business.
the diet to end world hunger!
read more » 











the seaweed beauty guide:
luxurious, homemade, ph-balanced skin-care
simply natural! seaweed jelly: the beauty elixir!
- beauty products, herbal treatments, business opportunity
read more » 










seaweed compilation



the seaweed compilation diet & beauty guide
the seaweed jelly-diet
             & beauty guide in audio or ebook formats.
- beauty products, herbal treatments, business opportunity
        search isbn#9781312075689 ebook/kindle (approx. 230 pages)









business & personal development consulting: discontinued



back to top
© 2024 claytentylor.com







