































humane world for animals | formerly humane society of the united states and humane society international | humane world













      skip to main content
    




























humane world


humane world








                about us
          
toggle submenu









                our mission and impact
          





                our history
          





                our new brand
          











                leadership team
          





                diversity, equity and inclusion
          





                how we help local pet shelters and rescue groups
          











                where we work
          
toggle submenu









                africa
          









                liberia
          





                south africa
          

















                asia
          









                india
          





                south korea
          





                viet nam
          

















                europe
          









                germany
          





                italy
          





                united kingdom
          

















                latin america
          









                brazil
          





                costa rica
          





                mexico
          

















                north america
          









                canada
          





                united states
          

















                australia
          











                issues
          
toggle submenu









                access to care
          





                animals in research
          





                dog and cat meat trade
          





                helping captive wildlife
          





                protecting dogs and cats
          











                animal rescue and response
          





                equine protection
          





                farmed animal welfare
          





                stopping puppy mills
          





                wildlife protection
          






















 

take action: end cruel fur farming worldwide.  



sign the petition














                take action
          
toggle submenu









                get involved
          









                action center
          





                volunteer for animals
          





                events
          

















                ways to give
          









                donate now
          





                start a fundraiser
          





                leave a legacy
          





                donate your car
          











                workplace giving
          





                cause partnerships
          





                humane heroes
          





                humane leaders
          




























 

sign the petition to end the cruel dog meat trade.



take action














                get informed
          
toggle submenu









                animal care resources
          





                "a humane world" blog
          





                all animals magazine
          





                humanepro resources for animal welfare professionals
          





                humane voices podcast
          






















 

take action: end cruel fur farming worldwide.  



sign the petition














media room


careers


contact us


donate






media room


careers


contact us


donate












donate













search humaneworld.org


search


common searches:


frequently asked questions


donate


issues









































                  meredith lee
                  
                  
                  /                  humane world for animals
                  
                  
                




we are humane world for animals



we've grown from a humane society to a humane world. join us—together we can end animal cruelty.





learn more












































                    lance murphey/ap images for the hsus
                






it's not enough to save the day. we also have to change the world.for over 70 years, we’ve been working to create a better world for animals. you’ve known us as the humane society of the united states and humane society international. together with you, we continue our lifesaving work to tackle the root causes of suffering for animals everywhere. sign up to get quick, simple actions you can take to help animals.




sign up











issues we work on

we make bold progress for all animals by working together on the biggest problems—no matter where they are or how deeply entrenched. we focus on the greatest needs, intent on making the biggest impact.





    issues




          dan koeck/ap images for hsus
        access to care for petsthe deep connection between people and pets is universal, but access to animal care resources is not. in truly humane communities, everyone can obtain what they need for the animals in their lives.
          meredith lee/humane world for animals
        animal crueltyour toughest fights work to address the systemic cruelties embedded in factory farming, animal research and other industries that impact millions of animals.
          meredith lee/the hsus
        whether on land or in the water, the animal rescue team responds to help animals in need.animal rescue and responselocal emergency response departments, humane societies and animal shelters often don’t have the resources to help animal victims of disasters and large-scale cruelty cases. that’s where we come in.
          michael svoboda/istockphoto
        more than 60,000 dogs are used in animal tests every year in the united states.animals in researchscientific progress and product safety do not need to come at the cost of animal suffering. we are working to speed up the transition from harmful animal experiments to modern, animal-free methods.
          kathy milani/hsi 2010
        dog and cat welfareevery day around the world, millions of dogs and cats face neglect and cruelty. from rescues to policy reforms, humane world for animals works to protect pets and support people in caring for them.
          kathy milani/humane world for animals
        lonely and scared, forced to fight.ending animal fightingno animal should have to suffer the barbaric practices of dogfighting and cockfighting. humane world for animals is working to end this cruelty in all its forms.
          hadi ahdiana/ap images for hsi
        dogs caught up in the dog meat trade in indonesia.ending the dog and cat meat tradeacross asia, millions of dogs and cats are kept in terrible conditions and then killed for their meat. we are still fighting to end this brutality in indonesia, china, viet nam and india.dpa picture/alamyfarmed animal welfareindustrial farms cause animal suffering on an unimaginable scale. we work to improve animal welfare on farms, reducing extreme confinement, and to promote a more plant-forward global food system.
          kathy milani	/humane world for animals	
        helping captive wildlifewild animals belong in their natural habitats, not kept in roadside zoos and circuses for our entertainment. with your help, we’re working to end this cruelty.protecting equinesequines are companions and partners, and it's our responsibility to act as their guardians. unfortunately, cruelty persists. humane world for animals tackles the root causes of this cruelty to end it.
          meredith lee/the hsus
        stopping puppy millsit's time to end the cruel treatment of dogs in mass breeding operations. we're fighting to stop puppy mills on all possible levels.
          william manning/alamy
        a lion in the wild.wildlife protectionstand with humane world for animals to put an end to the senseless killing and exploitation of wildlife.







view all issues






























                    meredith lee/humane world for animals
                







what we do



bold work, global mission


for more than 70 years, humane world for animals — previously called the humane society of the united states and humane society international — has been a leader of the animal protection movement.discover what we're doing to stop animal cruelty and suffering for good. 




find out











a humane world blog

"a humane world" is the official blog of humane world for animals—a first-hand account of our ongoing efforts to protect animals, as told by our president and ceo, kitty block. 





    humane world blog




          usda
        in insult to animals and customers, target breaks its animal welfare promisescommitments to improve the quality of life for animals shouldn’t be empty promises. since target made its much-lauded announcement about its intentions to go cage- and crate-free for egg-laying hens
          alamy stock photo/alamy stock photo
        the tragic fate of colorado’s copper creek wolf packwolf restoration programs exist to bring the species back to habitats where they were wiped out. but a wolf family established by wolves previously captured in oregon and reintroduced in colorado has
          don getty 
        gray wolves in some u.s. states experience extremely brutal treatment, as a recent alleged wolf killing in wyoming shows. since horrific wolf killing in wyoming, a stubborn unwillingness to changewhile we and so many other wildlife enthusiasts and advocates have not forgotten the young wolf in wyoming who endured horrific and prolonged suffering earlier this year, members of the wyoming

read the blog  →


















your gift can do so much for animals in need.






start saving lives by making a one-time gift today. or help animals all year long with a monthly contribution.





donate today




































                    jean chung/for humane world for animals
                
















 



footer menu


media room


careers


contact us


donate





global - social menu


humane world for animals


connect with us























global - legal menu


about us


diversity and inclusion


governance


financials


privacy and cookie policy













 








 



© 2025 humane world for animals is registered as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. contributions to the humane world for animals are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. the humane world for animals tax identification number is 53-0225390.





































