






ken treybig home page




ken treybig website
 [feast
days] [home] [humor] [links] [new] [archives] [cogwa-east
texas]


                              



ken treybig home page

 last updated: 
        friday, january 31, 2025
 
welcome 
        to my web site.  i'll use it to post some information about 
        the local congregations of church of god, a worldwide association 
        i have the pleasure of serving. the url for our local east texas and ruston, 
        la congregations is http://easttexas.cogwa.org. 
        we webcast services as well. if you're interested just email me for the 
        password.
our public outreach and biblical educational site 
        is called, life hope and truth, and is located at https://lifehopeandtruth.com/.
the cogwa youth camp website is at http://camps.cogwa.org. 
        registration is handled online for the preteen and teen camps and online 
        payment became available in 2018.
the feast website is at http://feast.cogwa.org.
the member website is at http://members.cogwa.org.
foundation institute is at http://foundationinstitute.org.
foundation outreach international is at http://www.foundationoutreachintl.org/.

upcoming activities:
* february 8, 
        2025 - ruston services @ 1:00 p.m., east texas at 2:30 p.m., men's 
        club, women's fellowship
* february 14-16,
2025 - branson presidents' day family weekend
* february 15,
2025 - ruston services @ 1:00 p.m., east texas at 2:30 p.m.
* february 21,
2025 - friday night live
* february 22,
2025 - ruston services @ 1:00 p.m., east texas at 2:30 p.m.
* march 1,
2025 - ruston services @ 1:00 p.m., east texas at 2:30 p.m., teen
prom-dallas
* march 2,
2025 - regional bb-dallas
* march 8,
2025 - ruston services @ 1:00 p.m., east texas at 2:30 p.m., men's club,
women's fellowship
* march 9,
2025 - daylight saving time starts
* march 15,
2025 - ruston services @ 1:00 p.m., east texas at 2:30 p.m.
* march 21,
2025 - friday night live
* march 22,
2025 - ruston services @ 1:00 p.m., east texas at 2:30 p.m.
* march 29,
2025 - ruston services @ 1:00 p.m., east texas at 2:30 p.m.


east
texas regional basketball weekend
the
east texas basketball weekend has been postponed to april 2-3, 2022 due to the
unprecedented sharp increase in cases of covid in the state of texas as well as
across the nation. we have already secured the use of the same basketball
courts, but the event center may not be available for services. please make note
of the new dates.

prayers
for philippines--typhoon rai
(12-16-2021)
i sometimes post urgent updates here on my home page. here is one about our
members in the philippines.
from
david baker, regional director, asia, australia and the philippines:
 
you prayers are requested for our brethren in the philippines. currently typhoon
rai is battering the islands of the philippines with very high winds and rain.
one of our members’ homes has already been destroyed by uprooted trees. your
prayers for god’s protection for our brethren is greatly appreciated.
 
typhoon
rai intensifies to cat 5 storm as it slams philippines | reuters

2019
feast in ecuador-urgent prayer request
(10-09-2019)
prayers
are requested for members in ecuador, where quite a serious political situation
is going on. the government has fled the capital because of riots taking place.
there are curfews in effect, with cars being stoned and looting going on. the
members there would appreciate prayers for their safety, and so that they may be
able to leave their homes and keep the feast of tabernacles.

2018
winter family weekend
the
winter family weekend runs from friday evening, dec. 21, through tuesday night,
dec. 25, 2017—so it’s more than just a weekend! we
start things off with seminars on friday night and sabbath morning. this will be
followed by afternoon services and some saturday night dancing or card playing
or movie watching. from sunday through tuesday evening, all attendees can
participate in daily educational seminars, basketball, volleyball and organized
games for the kids. other activities include karaoke, a jam session for
musicians, family novelty olympics, a clothing swap for families, free pizza
dinner, a family dance and of course the family fun fair, which includes large
inflatables, putt-putt golf, a mechanical bull and more. the “best costume”
winner at the adult dance on saturday night wins a complimentary night’s stay
at the galt house, and the “best costume” winner at the teen dance wins $20.
for most, the highlight seems to be the fellowship time with our spiritual
family. there truly is something for everyone.
in
addition to the active schedule we have each year, this year we are adding a special
component for our young adults.
there will be specific seminars as well as a reception for them focused on the
theme. and because the ages of the young adult group range from high school
grads through thirty-something, we will offer different topics germane to
whether you are in your early 20s and single or older and married with children.
there is no additional fee for the seminars or the reception; all you need to do
is check the “young adults’ seminars and reception” box when registering.
this
year the theme will be “grounded
and steadfast”. two
components are required for us to be granted the gift of eternal life.
colossians 1:23 encourages us to “continue in the faith, grounded and
steadfast.” christians are to be pillars, solidly grounded in the truth and
steadfast in our resolve to keep living god’s way. what will it take for us to
continue in the faith to the end when others have fallen by the wayside? how can
we be steadfast? join us at this year’s winter family weekend to hear more
about this exciting topic.
visit
the wfw page here for more details.

2017
winter family weekend
the
winter family weekend runs from friday evening, dec. 22, through tuesday night,
dec. 26, 2017—so it’s more than just a weekend! we start things off with a
bible study on friday night, followed by sabbath morning seminars, afternoon
services and some saturday night dancing. from sunday through tuesday evening,
all attendees can participate in daily educational seminars, basketball,
volleyball, organized games for the kids, including bowling. other activities
include karaoke, a jam session for musicians, family novelty olympics, a
clothing swap for families, free pizza dinner, a family dance and of course the
family fun fair, which includes large inflatables, putt-putt golf, a mechanical
bull and more. the “best costume” winner at the adult dance on saturday
night wins a complimentary night’s stay at the galt house, and the “best
costume” winner at the teen dance wins $20. for most, the highlight seems to
be the fellowship time with our spiritual family. there truly is something for
everyone.
this
year the theme will be “by
this shall all men know”. we
live in a world filled with anger, confusion and division—a world that cries
out for answers. god’s word shows us that at the time of the end, “the love
of many will grow cold” (matthew 24:12). yet christ told his church that they
would be identified by the love of god evidenced in their relationships with one
another—having love one for another! “by this all will know that you are my
disciples, if you have love for one another” (john 13:35). god’s love is the
missing component in human nature that will be central to the answers of broken
relationships in a confused and war-torn world.
visit
the wfw page here for more details.

winter
family weekend
the
winter family weekend runs from friday evening, dec. 23, through tuesday night,
dec. 27, 2016—so it’s more than just a weekend! we start things off with a
bible study on friday night, followed by sabbath morning seminars, afternoon
services and some saturday night dancing. from sunday through tuesday evening,
all attendees can participate in additional educational seminars, basketball,
volleyball, organized games for the kids, including bowling, karaoke, family
novelty olympics, a clothing swap for families and, of course, the family fun
fair that includes large inflatables, putt-putt golf, mechanical bull and more.
also planned is a free pizza night, activities for singles and a final evening
of dancing at the family dance.
this
year the theme will be “faith
and hope in a troubled world.” god’s
promises about our destiny and mankind’s future give the life of christians
great meaning during troubling times. jesus christ stated in john 14:27, “peace
i leave with you, my peace i give to you; not as the world gives do i give to
you. let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.”
although we live in a world that is anything but peaceful, with the help of
god’s holy spirit we can experience a great deal of inner peace. this peace
and understanding is not grasped by most people today, but, as jesus christ
makes clear, he provides as no other.
visit
the wfw page here for more details.

young
adult leadership weekend
living
stones:
your
part in strengthening god's house
presidents'
day
weekend – feb. 13 to 15, 2015
young
adults in the church of god are eager to take their place in service to god and
his church. the church is referred to as a spiritual temple, and we are the
"living stones" that make up that building. each stone is important to
the integrity of the house and must be prepared for its place. during our third
young adult leadership weekend, feb. 13-15, 2015, we will explore the theme
"living stones: your part in strengthening god's house."
some
of the concepts we plan to cover are:


history
    of the modern church
where
    are we today?

holding
    fast
maintaining
    our commitment to god

let
    no man despise your youth
small
    group interactive discussion of 1 timothy 4:12

the
    importance of unity
working
    together in harmony

when
    leaders lead
serving
    in your local congregation

what
    does it mean to be a "living stone"?

foi
    project brainstorming session
    small group interactive discussion

the
church of god, a worldwide association, invites our young adults—high school
grads through age 39—to attend the next installment of our young adult
leadership weekend. the 2015 yalw will be held simultaneously at seven sites
across the united states—atlanta,
branson, columbus, fort worth, los angeles, twin cities and portland
online
registration is now open. for more information and to register, simply go to http://members.cogwa.org/yalw.


international news
are you interested in international news--as it related to
bible prophecy? what are the implications of russian president putin's recent
moves in crimea? what role does the middle east play in end-time biblical
prophesy? check out our world news & prophecy blog on our life, hope and
truth website. better yet, why not check out all our blogs (including those on
prophesy) on the blogs page?
you can also update your subscription preferences from any
of the mailchimp messages sent from our lht website.

foundation
outreach international
this year foi will be able to accept two young
adults each from the church of god, a worldwide association for projects in
zambia and zimbabwe. each project will last 12 to 14 days and will involve
teaching english in the rural areas of those countries. in addition, under the
auspices of foi and by the invitation of princess sarvath el hassan of jordan,
cogwa is again offering a volunteer program for young adults in the hashemite
kingdom of jordan for the 2014-15 project year. see the foi website for more
details at  http://www.foundationoutreachintl.org/.

young
adult leadership weekend
the
church of god, a worldwide association, is pleased to announce its second young
adult leadership weekend, to take place simultaneously in atlanta, georgia;
branson, missouri; columbus, ohio; dallas, texas; los angeles, california;
minneapolis, minnesota; and portland, oregon, on presidents’ day weekend, feb.
14-16, 2014. 


the
church considers it essential to invest in the leadership development of our
young adults to better enable them to use their talents and abilities in the
work of god. through these leadership weekends, the church wishes to educate,
motivate and inspire its young adults to further fulfill leadership roles within
the church and the work by providing focused education, as well as social
opportunities to interact with peers. this year’s theme will be “salt of the
earth: christian leadership by example.” during the weekend we will cover such
topics as how example is the foundation of leadership, how to put god and the
church first in our busy lives, how to deal with lust while living amid a
provocative culture, and what it means to be pure before god.


keynote
speakers for the weekend will be jim franks (cogwa president), doug horchak
(ministerial services operation manager) and clyde kilough (media operation
manager). their presentations will be streamed over the internet to the other
locations, so everyone will be able to benefit from each presentation. all
seminars are designed to inspire and motivate our young adults in spiritual
service. we hope you will register early and plan to join us for this special
weekend! 


online
registration is now open. for more information and to register, simply go to http://members.cogwa.org/yalw.



we
trust that this will be an outstanding weekend of education and inspiration!

discern - new
e-magazine
our new e-magazine, discern, will be launched
online in mid-december. here's a graphic of the cover of the first issue. once
it is available on the life, hope and truth website you can sign up to receive
it there.
you can also update your subscription preferences from any
of the mailchimp messages sent from our lht website.

audio-visual
resource
we have been upgrading our weekly webcast of
services. in september we built a fast encoder and purchased some more powerful
software to allow us to use an hd camera. the image quality of the webcast is
much better. next, on our list was to find a good remote control pan/tilt system
for our camera. our headquarters office purchased a system from servo city, www.servocity.com,
and are using that for use with the foundation institute online classes that
began last year. we are looking to purchase one of those as well, which offers
full 360 degree pan and tilt capability. check out their website if you're
looking for any kind of servo or remote systems!

typhoon
haiyan
here is an update
from headquarters about the 'super typhoon' that slammed into the philippines.
all our members there are safe but our hearts and prayers go out to those who
have lost loved ones and possessions in the wake of this massive storm. here is
the update:
 
from
david baker, regional director, australia & asia:



on
friday typhoon haiyan slammed into the philippines with wind gusts up to 175
mph, one of the biggest storms on record to hit the philippines. it is now
estimated that more than 1,200 people have died. storms such as this often cut
electric and communication lines so updates are trickling in. i was able to
speak with all three of our pastors in the philippines and they report that all
of our members are safe. as of yet i don’t know what type of property damage
our members may have sustained. our pastor for the visayas region, the area in
which the storm passed through, reported that they had lost electricity for
about 24 hours but all the members were safe and they were planning to hold
sabbath services. he will update me further once he has electricity and internet
service restored. god has been very merciful to our brethren in the philippines
and our heart goes out to all the filipinos who have lost family members and
friends as well as having terrible destruction of their property.
/

2013 camp carter
we had had a tremendously successful week at camp carter!
the weather has been unseasonably cool and the campers and staff members have
encouraged each other to maintain a godly, millennial environment at camp--as
much as can be done in this present world. activities have gone very smoothly,
we've had almost no accidents or injuries at all and we've had time to explore
the topic of "a call to greatness" both in the daily compass checks as
well as in the christian living classes and the bible discussions/studies in the
evenings. on top of all that, the food has been fabulous this year with a new
food service staff. even campers are commenting on how good the food is!

east
texas rental hall
we are excited to have secured the use of a
commercial rental space in gladewater to use for services!! there are a few
modifications we will need to make to increase it's functionality for services,
so we plan to start meeting there on august 3.

feast
registration
online feast registration began sunday, april 14,
at 11 am central time (noon eastern) on the feast website at http://feast.cogwa.org.
it is now closed, but the "change existing registration" option will
be available all summer for anyone that needs to change their registration.

updates
several exciting updates were announced the week of
february 8. the foundation institute continuing education seminar for
june 2013 reached capacity and a waiting list has been established. demand has
been strong so they are considering an additional 5-day seminar for july if
there is sufficient interest. plans are in the works this year to create several
booklets, and a printed booklet is planned for mailing to all cogwa members
around passover time. in addition, a new outreach organization, foundation
outreach international, was announced this week. it is a separate 501(c)3
organization that will help fund humanitarian programs around the world. a
website will be ready soon (http://www.foundationoutreachintl.org/)
and there are already plans for 2013 to fund programs, including camps and
educational scholarships in needy areas.
more details are available in the february 7, 2013 weekly
video update: http://members.cogwa.org/news/in-accord/february-7-2013.

young
adult leadership weekend
another synchronized young adult leadership
training weekend is being done february 16-17, 2013. the main site is dallas,
tx, but there will be satellite sites in branson, mo; los angeles, ca; and twin
cities, mn. go to http://members.cogwa.org/yalw
for details.

foundation
institute online
for the first time ever, classes from the church's
educational program will be offered to members everywhere. mr. richard
thompson's "harmony of the gospels" class was chosen as the
first class to be offered to be streamed each wednesday night at 8 pm central
time. to view the weekly class, you must sign up at http://foundationinstitute.org/online.
registration and textbook information is available in the right sidebar of that
page.
streaming video is available in low (the default) or high
resolution. there is also an "audio only" feed available for those
with a slower internet connection. the class will run every wednesday evening
until the class is complete--probably about the end of the school year.

feast
the feast in pigeon forge, tn has been wonderful this
year--as i'm sure it has been in other places as well. sermons from pigeon forge
and st. augustine, fl are being uploaded and posted on the feast website during
the feast. just go to the http://feast.cogwa.org
page to listen to them.

young
adult leadership weekends
i'm very excited to see the first ever
synchronized young adult leadership training weekend done simultaneously in
three locations across the country--atlanta, ga; columbus, oh; portland, or--on
the weekend of november 3-4, 2012 and again in dallas, tx the weekend of
february 15-17, 2013 (presidents day weekend). we've created a special set of
web pages and a registration system for the november weekend locations and hope
many of our young adults will take advantage of the great opportunity for
fellowship and learning in serving the body of christ.
you can access the main page at: http://members.cogwa.org/yalw.
then clicking on any of the three city photos will take you to the page with
specific information for each of them and a link from which you can register for
the event. note: there is a registration fee for each site to cover costs of
various activities, in addition to the cost for housing, as you'll see when you
read the details on each page. 

feast
youth lessons
september 14 - the cogwa youth instruction page for
the fall feast lessons was unveiled today! there are 21 lessons at http://feast.cogwa.org/cyi.
there are also zipped files for download that have the various segments
grouped--and one big zip file (8mb) that contains all the files. feel free to
download and use to help teach your children about the incredible lessons we can
learn from the fall feasts.

wow! i can't believe it has been six months since i posted
anything on my personal website. life has been incredibly busy--and remains so.
right now (august 12, 2012) i'm trying to finish up the final choir rehearsal
part for the four songs the choir will sing this year during the feast at pigeon
forge, tn. we have over 80 who have volunteered to sing, so i took the
opportunity to include a couple of numbers that i believe will have a great
impact with a large group--including the very moving "the hallelujah
chorus". i'll include a few updates below.

new public proclamation
website
our new public proclamation website, http://lifehopeandtruth.com
was launched during the ministerial conference held in richardson, tx june 11
and 12, 2012. since many of our african ministers are unable to get visas to
travel the u.s. the conference was taken to them, resulting in a new event in
recent church history, an all-african ministerial conference.
reports on these and other recent events can be found in
the july and august members letters at http://members.cogwa.org/news/
and in the weekly video updates provided by the administration and posted on the
member website at http://members.cogwa.org/news/in-accord/.

media
updates
after our organizational conference january
9-11, 2011 in louisville, ky, i was asked to help with our internet presence and
have been working with a group of developers ever since. the temporary website
was replaced with a more professional site google analytics recorded 1.9
million page views in 2011 by just shy of 120,000 unique visitors -- a whole lot
more people than our attendance, so that is encouraging.
as of early january 2012 we have 81 united states and
international congregations linked to sub-domain sites. our member, camp and feast of
tabernacles websites all served us well last year, as well as our online camp
and feast registration systems. a ministerial website went online in the middle
of last year to provide a resource for forms and material useful to pastors and
elders.
as noted below, on june 11, 2012, on the first day of our
ministerial conference in dallas, our new public proclamation website, life hope
and truth, officially
went live! after many months of planning by a number of people and a lot of
guidance from a recent hire in the office, william beech, it was great to see
the site go live. william was very instrumental in the design of the new site
into seven "silos" where more and more detail is explained in each
area as readers go deeper and deeper in learning about the wonderful truth of
the bible. the site is http://lifehopeandtruth.com/
and we have been very encouraged by the growth in visitors and the amount of
attention it has been given by search engines--even in its infancy. you can also sign up now to make an lht start
page the home page for your browser. check it out here.
on march 15, 2013 we launched the spanish version of life, hope and truth and in
june 2013 we reached the 1 million page view mark for lht with visitors from 198
different countries. we have begun publishing booklets as well with three
completed as of june 2013. a new online magazine, discern, begins
mid-december 2013.

cost-cutting
ideas
we received a few more cost cutting ideas for low-income individuals--for medicines and weatherization of homes. click
here or click the "links" button on the menu system.

















 

 












