


semantikon.com: a community based arts journal










































































eric adams 
anthony barnett 
sydney baxter 
nick barrows 
jay bolotin 
matt briggs 
matt briggs 07 
lindsay caron 
aaron cowan 
michael crossley 
jeff crouch 
latasha nevada diggs 
taylor ellwood 
mark flanigan 
david firth/salad fingers 
malcolm hart 
jean-pierre gagne 
scot kaplan
fritz kappler 
aaron kerley 
ralph lacharity 
ralph lacharity guest ed.
william levy 
lupa 
tim mcmichael 
angela marsh 
bess rose miller 
ken morgan
tony neal 
lance oditt editorial
mike o'neill 
lance oditt editorials
lance oditt feature interviews
carrie osborne 
prarthana panchal 
mickparsons05 
mickparsons06 
staci podiak 
n.y.c. 2123 
salad fingers 
alan sauer 
patrick sebastian 
kate schmidt 
stacy sims 
nathan singer 
silent ghost cinema 
jonathan simmons 
max skeans 
willie smith 
staggering statistics 
dave sparks 
aralee strange 
paul a. toth 2005 
paul a. toth 2007 
nico vassilakis 
matthew vetter
kurt vonnegut 
geert wachtelaer 
f keith wahle 
cara walz
yvette williams 
joseph winterhalterart 
joseph winterhalterlit 
cybil weigel 
ernest williamson iii 
t.m. weygand 
jose zarate
edgar zeh 
























enjoy
                  original e-books, manifestos and electronic broadside posters
                  from our featured artists. free to
                  download
                  and share.














october 2020: notes on another memory
semantikon/three fools press was founded in southwest ohio in 2003. my aspiration being, to develop a web-based, community media co-operative highlighting midwest and midwest-affiliated artists, while also helping them, by providing technology, multimedia, and information services to help them make the transition from the brick-and-mortar art world ---to the networked world during a time when the digital divide was rapidly widening. in the 6 years semantikon/three fools press was active, we produced over 60 original features of visual art, literature and film. we also hosted two regular columnists and, published 9 original e-books under the three fools press imprint. in addition to art features, semantikon also hosted our own server-based web tv station (via the now defunct miro platform), a radio station (via live 365), a blog (hypergraphia) and helped produce 8 community events to support and highlight our featured artists and our operations. in june of 2009, semantikon/three fools press published its last visual art and literary features, and, in july of 2009, published our last hypergaphia blog post, a review of ohio-rooted magnolia electric company, last live show in austin, texas. although the reasons we stopped publishing are numerous and frankly too amorphous to detail here, the initial goals of highlighting midwest artists while helping them traverse the widest arc of the digital divide was met with praise and considered by some to be, a precocious achievement. not only in terms of the community we helped develop and support, but also, in terms of technological achievement; semantikon was born and operated before the ubiquity of push-button publishing, smartphones, and social media. was promoted and maintained without the use of advanced search engine optimization methods nor, advertising sales. through word of mouth, welcomed an average of some 3,700 visitors a month during its peak and now, some 20 years later, is still something former features list in their cv; no higher praise than that. in my own terms, the success of semantikon, could be best summed up by the following exchange. q: "what is semantikon is trying to do?" a: create space where there is none."

in the winter of  2019, after a series of meetings with former co-op members on what should happen to the website and archives, semantikon/three fools press worked to form a partnership with curator and archivist kelly o'donnell. kelly's passionate work documenting the southwest ohio arts community over the past 25 years, including many of the folks we worked with, made this an ideal arrangement. at the time of this publication, during the height of covid-19 pandemic, the entire semantikon website and archives are being collated and organized into her larger archives, with plans to package all of her work and deliver that--to the cincinnati art museum for future generations to enjoy, and we hope, draw inspiration from. to that end, we sent an invitation to all former ohio-rooted features to write a retrospective essay sharing their experiences with semantikon, the arts community during the time semantikon was active and, their ideas about the state of online publishing then and, today. 


for our final feature, enjoy six retrospective essays by artists we featured and supported, organized by their initial feature date on the website. in addition, find a timely reiteration of the cut-up poem, "quelle horreur", by our first literary feature, the dearly missed aralee strange. 

for those who were there from the beginning, we thank you. to those who read and learn about our work in some future time, we thank you for your careful consideration of our story and, and our aspirations to speak for and about, our time.  

onward,


october 5, 2020 


read the long form semantikon/three fools press retrospective...



 
 
 


mark flanigan
patrick sebastian
nathan singer


i haven’t written anything for a while. which is why having  to sit down just now to write for semantikon conjures a familiar feeling...(more)
in  the summer of 1975 our family station wagon was on a seemingly endless stretch  of oklahoma highway...(more)
2004 was a watershed year for me. most of my six  published novels are either set in, or double back on, that year...(more)


exile on main street 
            (2000-2004)
feature: nov. 2003
feature: april 2004


feature: sept 2004
series: dorothy and the snake handlers
guest editor: nov 2006


exiled from main street
            (2005-2009)
          
 
 








download flanigan essay










download sebastian essay










download singer essay






 
 
 


joseph winterhalter
mick parsons
fritz kappler


i first met  lance on an icy november evening in 1998. nearing 1207 main st.he and flanigan appeared through a frosted street  side window...(more)
i  first met mark flanigan at kaldi's coffee house on main street in otr; this was  before gentrification had fully set in, before the riots in '08. i'd managed,  mostly out desperation and the willingness to be...(more)
i  look back on the semantikon project with a wry smile. at the time there  wasn't a whole lot of opportunity to share work or dialogue about ideas in an  informal way in  the electronic...(more)


visual art feature:
metanym sequence
feature: jan. 2005
visual art feature: oct 2006


13833 manifesto
            feature oct 2005

expedition notes complete 
            (march 2006)
a magic day coloring book (e-book)








download winterhalter essay










download parsons essay










download kappler essay






 
 
 


nick barrows


i  am not sure where to start on this. first and foremost, it should go on record  that i have a bad memory. a very bad memory. so it should go without saying  that you truly...(more)


feature: oct 2007


performance:radio








download barrows essay






 
 
 



























  
  


