





american college of musicians – national guild of piano teachers (512) 478-5775





































 
 








skip to content







search toggle



american college of musiciansnational guild of piano teachers (512) 478-5775


welcome


about us
our mission
contact us
donation


syllabus


guild chairperson list


members


types
benefits
awards
membership

membership online
membership mailing


ratings


programs


guild audition
musicianship
immt
literature chart
composition
diploma
special plaques


enrollment


audition-fee
composition-fee
audition enrollment

online
mailing


composition enrollment

c.e. mailing




apps & forms


copyright form
acm certification
plaque order
paderewski
scholarship
publication order


 










menu













 


we of the american college of musicians / national guild of piano teachers are delighted to welcome you to our website. we are the largest nonprofit organization of piano teachers and students in the world!




the piano guild (a division of the american college of musicians), was founded in 1929 by dr. irl allison. forty-six entrants participated in the first audition (then called a “tournament”) at hardin-simmons university in abilene, texas. since that time, the guild has grown to more than 850 audition centers where thousands of students enroll annually in our national/international auditions, which are held throughout the u.s. and abroad.





our primary function is to establish definite goals and awards in noncompetitive auditions for students of all levels, from the earliest beginner to the gifted prodigy. with the exception of our “special” programs, teachers have the flexibility to choose all repertoire for student auditions. students are judged on individual merit by a well-qualified professional in the areas of accuracy, continuity, phrasing, pedaling, dynamics, rhythm, tempo, tone, interpretation, style, and technique. our purpose is to encourage growth and enjoyment through the study of piano.
we invite you to peruse our materials on this website to learn about our organization. you may also contact us (email) for further information. a sample of our guild syllabus is available upon request, which specifically outlines our diversified programs and services for our members and their students.


 







welcome
syllabus
members
programs
enrollment
apps & forms
 





							open facebook in a new tab						






							open twitter in a new tab						






							open instagram in a new tab						






							open linkedin in a new tab						






							open pinterest in a new tab						





		© 2025 			
				american college of musicians/national guild of piano teachers			
















