









unclaimed demutualization cash and stock - demutualized life insurance policyholder compensation from mutual life insurance companies.








                                                     unclaimed life 
        insurance policy benefits search
                                                  
        life insurance settlement payments &
                                           
        mutual life insurance demutualization compensation















national 
      life insurance settlement payments: 
       



estimates are $2.4 billion dollars 
        in death benefits owed beneficiaries and heirs of deceased policyholders 
        goes unclaimed each year. because it is the job of beneficiaries to notify 
        the life insurance company of a policy owner's death, more than 
        one-quarter of all life insurance policy benefits go unclaimed. family members 
        often  aren't aware a policy exists, or don't know how to 
        track it down.
           


      ► 

        heirs of deceased 


        policyholders and annuity owners may be entitled to receive restitution 
        arising from a recent  audit of twenty-one major life insurance companies 
        that revealed insurers 



failed to pay death benefits to beneficiaries even in cases where they 
        knew, or should have known, the policy holder was deceased. further, it 
        was determined that in many cases underwriters continued collecting 
        policy premiums by deducting payments from the cash value of the 
        policies. 


insurance companies 
           participating in the global life insurance settlement  include:
           aig,
            allianz,
           aviva, 
forethought,
           genworth,
           hartford,
           ing,
           
john hancock,
           lincoln national,
metlife,
           midland national,
           nationwide,
           new york life,
northwestern mutual,
           pacific life,
           prudential,
           symetra,
           tiaa-cref,
           transamerica
and
           western & southern.
these 21 companies write more than 50% of all  issued and active 
           life insurance policies nationwide.

while the settlement mandates a 
           more diligent effort be made to locate missing claimants,
           
           name changes after marriage or divorce, an unreported change of 
           address or expired postal forwarding order after a move, and 
           incomplete or illegible records complicate the task. 




      ► 

           to 
      determine if you are entitled to receive payment go to:


national life insurance settlement claims





unclaimed policies and mutual 
      life insurance demutualization 
      payments:  


      ► life insurance 
      policies worth $2.4 billion go unclaimed every year, because family 
      members fail to notify the insurance company when a policyholder dies, and 
      little effort is made to find lost heirs and beneficiaries. 

in addition to unclaimed 
      policy benefits, heirs and beneficiaries may be entitled to 
      demutualization payments and settlement compensation arising from a 
      recently concluded multi-state audit of the nation's largest insurers.

demutualization is the process 
      of converting a mutual life insurance company, owned by its 
      policyholders, to a publicly traded stock company owned by shareholders, 
      pursuant to a plan of conversion approved by government 
      regulators.


      many of the nation's oldest and largest life insurers - including 
      prudential, john hancock and metlife - began as mutual insurance 
      companies, owned by their policyholders. in recent years most have now 
      converted to ownership by stockholders, via a process known as 
      demutualization.


      mutual life policyholders (and heirs) continue to be entitled to receive 
      whatever policy benefits may be due, but in addition receive stock, cash 
      and/or policy credits in exchange for their ownership interest in the old 
      mutual insurance company.
      



      the amount  paid to each policyholder is 
      based on a number of factors, including length of time the policy has been in force,  face value of the policy, and total premiums paid. 



      ► 


      for many policyholders, 
      the windfall arising from demutualization can be substantial, and the 
      financial benefits continue to accrue after a company demutualizes.
as shareholders, demutualized life policyholders are now entitled to share in the company's profits via stock 
      dividends, and benefit from its growth in the form of an appreciated share 
      price. shares may be sold at any time, without affecting  policy 
      benefits.



      ► millions of 
      missing policyholders and heirs aren't aware they are entitled to receive demutualization compensation.
      
a 
      recent government audit found 21 major life insurance companies failed to 
      pay death benefits to beneficiaries even in cases where they knew the 
      policy holder was deceased.




when john hancock demutualized, it did not have current 
      addressed for 400,000 policyholders. prudential could not find 1.2 million 
      policyholders entitled to receive compensation, and metlife estimates 60 million shares of stock arising from its demutualization - worth billions of dollars - 
      went 
      unclaimed. 

contact efforts were unsuccessful, 
      due to name changes after marriage or divorce, unreported changes of 
      address, expired postal forwarding orders and non-current beneficiary 
      information.
           



      ► by law, 

      unclaimed demutualization compensation is remitted to the custody of a 
      government trust account until claimants come forward.
           



government custodians recently 
      collected $22.8 billion in a single year, of which less than $1 billion 
      was reclaimed. current and former policyholders and 
      their heirs - the majority of whom are unaware they're entitled to 
      unclaimed stock and/or cash - should initiate a database search. click on 
      the search icon or select a company from the list below. 



 




























american mutual life / amerus


manufacturers life / 
      manulife


principal mutual life




anthem insurance


metropolitan life 
      / metlife


provident mutual life




central life assurance


mutual of new york / mony


prudential life




equitable / axa


mutual service life


standard insurance




general american life


nationwide / allied mutual



      state 
      mutual / allmerica




indianapolis life



      northwestern 
      / reliastar


sun life / clarica




john hancock mutual life


phoenix home life


unum mutual / unum









































sitemap

terms of use


unclaimed.com

faq

home









