








go oahu card | maximize savings. maximize fun!














































skip to content





 


go oahu card

maximize savings. maximize fun!




 


 ×



 
 


home
what’s new
about us

attractions
itineraries


guidebook
policy
contact us
  
 





 

 


the go oahu card


                           more savings, more choices, more fun!                        
 read more



 

 


the go oahu card


                           a multi-attraction pass that lets you choose just what you want to do for one low price.                        
 read more






 





choose attractions as you go!


get your go oahu card today to have an affordable and exciting holiday in oahu islands with the freedom to pick your own journey and entertainment. 


contact now



 



included oahu attractions plan your holiday with your choice of attractions waiting to welcome you. pick up to ten attractions on a single recharge and an all-access pass. 






 


 tours and excursions


this professional guide will help you find the best attraction to visit around oahu.

 read more												 





 


 beach fun


plan a summer day with your family to chill out at the island’s beach resorts.

 read more												 





 


 museum


visit the museum and historical sites around oahu to learn about the history of the place and culture.

 read more												 







 




oahu guidebook find the best packing and traveling guide to all major and local attractions around oahu. hire a personal guide today to accompany you around the island introducing you to local food and special places. 







 

													historial attractions												


visit the museum of oahu and other historical sites to learn about the culture and history of hawaii.historial attractions 






 

													packages												


choose from the best-planned packages or plan your own tour package to make maximum savings while getting the best experience.packages 






 

													surf forecast												


pick the best day for surfing at the beaches with the best of our live weather forecast.surf forecast 







 





art galleries and exhibits



enjoy visiting the art galleries in person or check them out here online. 


new collections



 



our blog [pt_view id="1f742f5bvh"]




 



copyright © 2025 go oahu card. theme: himalayas by themegrill. powered by wordpress.





  
 










