

david drake
.comment-link {margin-left:.6em;}





















    
	david drake
	
  
unabashedly practicing the art of caustic sarcasm where appropriate. 
"a true hardliner's   hardliner. drake makes me proud to be an american." - dick cheney




monday, december 28, 2009


sticky post time

new posts - when i have time to update - are below.this is a sticky post, meaning it stays on top for a while (so scroll on down for the newest and latest updates...well, when i can get around to it, that is).what to do for christmas? well, how about doing something for the men and women in the military?how about making a donation to operation uplink which provides calling cards to our soldiers so that they can phone home to their loved ones?anysolider.com has a great site of what you can to donate to our service men and women.consider making a donation to the uso. click under the heading "how to help."disabled american veterans is another worthy cause.and something that costs absolutely nothing but a few moments of your time, but will mean so very much: operation dear abby, send a message to our troops.if you have a special organization that you would like mentioned, please add it as a comment.labels: christmas ideas, veterans day
// posted by david drake @ 2:09 am 0 comments  

monday, december 21, 2009


merry christmas happy holidays,from nancy pelosi

i got my christmas holiday card from speakeress of the house nanny pelosi.did you?©2009labels: liberals hate america, man hands nanny pelosi
// posted by david drake @ 1:31 am 0 comments  



the 2009 lpos© awards

it that time of year again...for 2009. i've been busy working on the fourth lpos© awards. whew! just can't seem to get a break. lots of contenders this year to sort through. hoo-boy, i tell ya...if you're not already, you should acquaint yourselves with the term lpos©.and then review past year's festive and gala lpos™ awards. there is the 2008 lpos™ awards.then the 2007 lpos™ awards.and the very first lpos™ awards from 2006.i don't have to tell you that the mrssatan blog annual lpos award is the most talked about, feted, gala affair of the entire blogosphere. that's right. the entire fucking blogosphere, damn it.the 2009 lpos awards. they're coming soon!©2009labels: hitler lovin' liberals, liberal hysteria, liberals hate america, liberals hate the military, liberals lie, liberals suck, lpos, pbama lpos
// posted by david drake @ 1:01 am 2 comments  



who will replace npr's retiringcarl kasell?

carl kasell. last white man on npr?longtime national socialist radio's carl kasell is retiring. his final newscast will be december 30.considering npr's wide and diverse (read "non-white") on-air talent, who will npr select to replace carl kasell? can you guess who it will be?a) kuntlatch al-zwaharee-wilson,b) joe robinson,c) mary willis,d) ja'tyala pho'nique,or;e) reuben gonzalezooooooh....you thought it would be easy until you got to the wild card name of reuben gonzalez, didn't you? you thought you had it nailed down and picked kuntlatch, but perhaps she was a red herring? brew a second pot of coffee, you still have some head-scratching to do. who will replace carl kasell?caucasians...a dying - almost extinct - species, on pubic radio and television.©2009labels: mpr, npr, pbs, pubic radio
// posted by david drake @ 12:59 am 0 comments  

monday, december 14, 2009


obama's illegal occupation of afghanistan."we've lost."

where is good, old, two-faced, slave massa libertard senate leader (heh...leader) harry reid when you really need him? his cult leader, dear leader his excellency barack hussein obama, junior recently committed upwards of 35,000 additional american soldiers to afghanistan.where's reidtard uttering his famous words, "we've lost," when we need him? we know we've lost in a war when the u.s. commits more troops to the cause. this is known as reid's law: a military surge of personnel means "we've lost." we sure don't hear harry bad-mouthing the military policies of pbama the same as he did of w. bush, do we?one has to wonder if pbama really wants to win the war in afghanistan, since his admin is tying the hands of u.s. soldiers behind their backs in terms of rules of engagement. npr: ... we were in this combat outpost down in southern afghanistan, in the helmand river valley, and we were inside this center, a command center, watching a video screen. they were watching live while these guys were digging a hole for a roadside bomb. and there were other indicators, too, besides digging the hole. there was a guy swimming across a canal with this wire, and the wires are used to detonate the bomb.unidentified man #1: i have two guys on the west side of the cow buoys(ph) running wires across the canal to the west side, where a (unintelligible) an ied the other day. so, they're watching them right now.bowman: there were a couple of guys keeping watch and stopping traffic. and the marines were intercepting a radio call from these suspected insurgents while they were doing these other activities.montagne: and on the radio, they were saying we're planting a bomb?bowman: and on the radio they were talking about planting a bomb.montagne: so from the marines perspective, the afghans really did appear to be insurgents. so what did they do?bowman: well, they felt comfortable. they had all the indicators that these guys were insurgents planting a bomb. so they thought about using a machine gun to shoot these guys. there was another combat outpost not too far away. the problem was there was a compound of houses between where the marines were with their machine gun and the guys planting the bomb.so then they decided to bring in the helicopters and use the machines guns and the helicopters to shoot these guys. as the helicopters came in, these guys look up in the air and start walking away. one of the guys was carrying a yellow jug - and that's become the icon of the roadside bomb. they mix fertilizer and diesel fuel in this, and that becomes a part of the bomb. and then we saw one of these guys throw this jug into a haystack.unidentified man #2: and hiding the jug into the hay pile right now, and then are walking near the open field, so just wait until�bowman: and they were gone. it was all over. they could no longer shoot at them.montagne: so why didn't they shoot at them?bowman: well, they thought that they were still too close to this compound of houses to allow these helicopters to use their machine guns to shoot, so they decided against it.montagne: so, in being very, very careful about shooting at what they absolutely believed to be insurgents, they ended up, in effect, losing these guys. how did that make them feel?bowman: well, they weren't happy at all. and some of them stormed out of this command center. and we talked with one of them afterwards. this is lieutenant james wendy(ph).lieutenant james wendy (u.s. marines): there's no way that anyone other than the enemy would've been injured.bowman: so, why weren't you allowed to shoot?lt. wendy: honestly, i don't know. i'd like to say i wish we could play by the big boy rules, you know, but, you know, it's just the way it is. and if i had known how frustrating it'd be and was able to better prepare myself for that mentally, i think that maybe i would've been better off.montagne: what about the military leaders? is it reaching the top? are they hearing these complaints about these rules of engagement that are so restrictive?bowman: you know, they are hearing these complaints. and i had a few minutes this week with their overall commander, general mcchrystal, and i told him the same story, renee, i told you. and i asked him about the rules of engagement. here's what he had to say:general stanley mcchrystal (u.s. commander, afghanistan): i've been at this a long time now, since 9/11, and there were a tremendous number of times when i've seen activities done, which, on the surface of what was seen, looks exactly one way, looks completely convincing. and then in the aftermath, what you saw was incomplete. in fact, what we find is civilian casualties who are unarmed civilians.i think when we err on the side of maturity and caution, there is a cost. and i know that we're asking an extraordinary amount from them to operate with such restraint and self-discipline, but i think it's how we win the war.huh. general mcbetrayus mcchrystal...barry's hand-picked man to lose win the war.no one really knows what pbama wants to do in afghanistan. he's set no benchmarks, other than a withdraw date that is about as permanent as nanny pelosi's botox. from the hardly right of center slate: since his inauguration, barack obama has tripled the number of troops fighting in afghanistan. after announcing the latest surge of 30,000 new soldiers in a speech at west point, it is clear that he is a president actively prosecuting a war, not merely tending to one that was left to him.[...]according to his speech, obama is escalating while retreating, adding more troops while also setting a date for their departure. obama said he was putting pressure on the afghan government, but he didn't suggest how. some of the blurring was by design. he smudged the border between afghanistan and pakistan, explaining that while he was sending troops to afghanistan, the struggle was now more regional than it was when the war started eight years ago.the president's critics will complain about the 18-month deadline obama set for starting the troop withdrawal. the president says he set a deadline to focus the minds of our partners in afghanistan, but he also said the departure decision would be based on the recommendations of his field commanders. this is a version of the debate we had during the presidential campaign, when obama set a 16-month deadline for withdrawal from iraq. his advisers will no doubt admit—as they did during the campaign—that if military advisers say a withdrawal from afghanistan in 18 months is inadvisable, then the troops won't leave. his republican critics will also presumably agree, as john mccain did during the campaign, that if the commanders say it's ok to start leaving in 18 months, then that's just fine with them.obama insisted that his deadline-that-isn't-a-deadline would put pressure on the afghan government. "the absence of a time frame for transition would deny us any sense of urgency in working with the afghan government. it must be clear that afghans will have to take responsibility for their security and that america has no interest in fighting an endless war in afghanistan."but obama said nothing in the speech that put actual pressure on the government.[...]obama's tone was methodical and emotionless. he often sounded like a reluctant warrior. he told the west point students about signing condolence letters and greeting coffins arriving at dover. "as your commander in chief, i owe you a mission that is clearly defined, and worthy of your service," said obama. there were repeated references in the speech to the honor of their service.the president said twice that he didn't take his decision "lightly." this seemed like an obvious shot at dick cheney and other critics who had complained that he had taken too long to make his final decision. (on the day of the speech, the former vice president claimed that obama had shown "weakness.") obama also spent considerable time reminding his audience about the troubled history of the afghan war since the attacks of 9/11, implying that if bush and cheney had taken a little more time during the first seven years of the war, there would be no need for him to be giving the speech—or sending more troops into danger.why...i remember a time where the left jumped all over w. bush whenever he mentioned the words, "nine-eleven." but barry received the coveted free mass from his kool-aid injecting cult followers.has dear leader his kenyan excellency "clearly defined" his afghanistan surge?"we've lost." is barry a warmonger? is he a pansy pacifist? is he a wussy-widdle kenyan whose loyalty to the united states is virtually nonexistent? is he a marxist, set out to destroy america at the string-pulling expense of his puppet masters? why, yes, he is. he's all these things. and more.  he's what you call, a versatile.©2009labels: afghanistan surge, cultists, george w bush, harry reid, imposter obama, liberal hysteria, liberals hate america, liberals hate the military, pbama warmonger, september 11
// posted by david drake @ 2:01 am 5 comments  

sunday, november 29, 2009


white house party crashers creates competency quagmire for obama

the secret service has apologized been forced to take the blame for the party crashers that managed to slip through white house security measures and partake in the first state dinner held by the illegal and illegitimate kenyan prednint dear leader his excellency barack hussein obama, junior. npr: the secret service has formally apologized for allowing two party crashers into the white house state dinner on tuesday night. the secret service continues to investigate how the husband and wife — who are looking for a role in a reality tv show — got past security and actually met the president. melissa blocks talks with roxanne roberts of the washington post.the secret service issued an apology today for allowing two uninvited guests to crash the state dinner at the white house on tuesday. director mark sullivan said the secret service is deeply concerned and embarrassed and that established protocols were not followed at an initial checkpoint. that failing, he said, is ours.i don't understand all the feigned outrage from the insane liberal clown posse (ilcp) and the pbama cultists over this. it was, after all, michelle pickles the dangerous washerwoman obama who said - and deemed - the white house as belonging to america and belonging to the american people.so...a couple of americans decide to take up barry and pickles on their offer and stop by for a state dinner. what's the big deal?oh - oh - oh...the big deal is the egg on the face of the whole pbama administration. the inexperience, the hubris, the narcissism, the deer-in-the-headlights management style and the lack of qualifications of the kenyan. he's a fraudulent  impostor who is in so far deep over his head he doesn't know what end is up.don long at the shaved ape says the party crashing is yet another example of the community organizer in chief's incompetence and inexperience. i fully agree.i guess since the pbamas are members of the uber-liberal elite they don't so much connect to the great unwashed. not that they ever did.the white house belongs to all americans. it belongs to the people. sure, pickles, sure. tell us more lies. ©2009labels: blame pbama, classless pbama, cultists, ilcp, imposter obama, pbama must fail, pickles pbama, white house crashers
// posted by david drake @ 2:01 am 15 comments  



bank failures skyrocket under the failed obama administration; fdic broke

hoo boy! those bank failures just keep coming and coming under the leadership (heh...leadership) of dear leader his excellency barack saddam hussein obama, junior.we're up to 124 bank failures in the ten short months the kenyan has been in office. zacks: u.s. regulators on friday [november 20] closed down commerce bank of southwest florida. though there are some early signs of economic recovery, bank failures go on growing with rising loan defaults. this takes the total number of bank failures to 124, compared to 25 in 2008 and 3 in 2007.i will have to explain this to the pbama cultists: you see, 124 is larger, it is a bigger number, than 25 and 3. thus, this is not good. but it doesn't matter to liberal elitists like pbama or his pee-pants kool-aid-injecting cultists.yep...the bank failures under w. bush, well...the numbers were negligible. but under pbama the bank closure numbers are skyrocketing. but you won't hear a peep out of his cultists because they are too busy eating their obama shit sandwiches saying, "yum yum, give us more prednint obama, give us more! we love your shit sandwiches. these are the most tasty sandwich evah !"and the fdic is broke. ny slimes: the government-administered insurance fund that protects depositors fell into the red for the first time since the fallout from the savings-and-loan crisis of the early 1990s as the pace of bank failures accelerated.the fund had a negative balance of $8.2 billion at the end of the third quarter, federal regulators said tuesday.[...]so far, the f.d.i.c. has seized and sold 124 banks in 2009, and analysts expect hundreds more to collapse in the months ahead.barry is so lucky to have the "m" after his name...for marxist...and not an "r" following his name. doing this enables him to receive the coveted free pass and avoid all criticism and venom dished out by the liberals directed toward w. bush for - what essentially - were relatively minor economic downfalls during his terms.in eleven short months under the pbama regime, there are 7.5 million jobs lost or aborted under pbama. this is exactly what pbama wants. he is doing the will of his puppet master(s), most likely - in my opinion - george soros györgy schwartz.oh those kool-aid-injecting pbama cultists must be proud of their election-stealing kenyan. he is doing a heckuva job. just a heckuva job!©2009labels: bank failures, blame pbama, cultists, george soros györgy schwartz, it's the economy stupid, macultists, obama shit sandwich, pbama must fail, pbamanomics, the market
// posted by david drake @ 1:31 am 2 comments  



pro-baby killer holds knife to throat of pro-lifer

ah, yes...yet another of many incidents of liberal tolerance. pro-choicer baby killer threatens pro-life by holding knife to her throat. boston herald: a superior, wis., woman was arraigned in st. louis county district court on wednesday after being accused of holding a knife to an anti-abortion demonstrator’s neck outside of duluth’s building for women on tuesday morning.mechelle tallulah hall, 25, is charged with second-degree assault.hall’s alleged motivation is unclear. according to the criminal complaint, at one point, she held the knife in a threatening manner and said "the reason i’m doing this is because i am certified crazy." she’s accused of holding the knife to the throat of a 21-year-old woman who was handing out pamphlets outside the building for women.well, at least hall admits that, as a liberal pro-baby killer, she is "certified crazy." the rest of us regular, normal-thinking, objective, non-kool-aid injectors know this. it's nice to hear a liberal finally admit and affirm what we've known all along.©2009labels: abortion, dems are haters, dems kill, liberal culture of death, liberals are fucking stupid, liberals suck
// posted by david drake @ 12:41 am 4 comments  

thursday, november 26, 2009


happy thanksgiving

we have much for which to be thankful.please refer to my 2008 thanksgiving post and the link contained therein and do something for our troops. god bless our men and women - and their families - who have served, and who currently serve, in the military. and the men and women - and their families - of our allies across the world who, along with us, defend the oppressed, promote freedom for all people and who are willing to put their lives on the line so that others may live free.
// posted by david drake @ 2:59 am 3 comments  



obama spends two whole hourson the afghanistan war!

woooooooooooooooooow!you really have to hand it to dear leader his excellency barack hussein obama, junior. he spent two whole hours being briefed on the afghanistan war! ny slimes: president obama said tuesday that he was determined to “finish the job” in afghanistan, and his aides signaled to allies that he would send as many as 25,000 to 30,000 additional american troops there even as they cautioned that the final number remained in flux.[...]mr. obama went around the table in the white house situation room asking his senior advisers for summations of their individual assessments and to voice any concerns they still had, said an administration official who was briefed on the two-hour meeting.two whole hours! my, oh, my...where did he find the time between his daily work-out routine, shooting hoops and playing golf?of course, now we can all officially agree that he is a warmonger, since his afghanistan plan portends increasing the troop levels by some 30,000.afghanistan was going rather well under the bush admin, but along comes the kenyan and poof, it goes straight to hell.afghanistan, under obama, the most deadliest year ever and only 35 percent approval rating of his handling of the war. afp: with 2009 by far the deadliest year for foreign troops in afghanistan, critics of reinforcing the 68,000-strong us contingent portray the mission as unnecessary and unwinnable, warning it has begun to resemble vietnam.a usa today/gallup poll released wednesday showed rising pessimism among the us public, with only 35 percent approving of obama's handling of the conflict, down from 56 percent four months ago.america was divided on the president's expected decision to dispatch some 34,000 more us troops. half of those surveyed backed the plans, while 39 percent said it was time to begin withdrawing forces.where are all the anti-war liberals? why aren't they screaming and shouting and displaying hissy fits over the warmonger in the white house? remember...it was the left who said that since w. bush failed to capture osama bin laden the war in afghanistan "was lost," so we should pull all of our troops out of there. so...why are we still there fighting a lost war? why does the kenyan want to put the lives of more american soldiers at risk?where is the "war is always wrong, always," crowd? they are unamazingly silient, aren't they?oh those kool-aid injecting pbama cultists...never underestimate their deepest depths of hypocrisy and denial. never.this is as good as time as any to remind everyone that obama has no military experience at all! none! zero! zip! and either does herr biden who received five deferments for his alleged asthma.obama-biden: they are doing a heckuva job, aren't they? ©2009labels: afghanistan surge, cultists, dems enable terrorism, dems kill, herr biden, liberal culture of death, liberals hate the military, osama bin laden, pbama lpos, pbama warmonger
// posted by david drake @ 1:01 am 20 comments  

monday, november 23, 2009


geithner under fire and underwater; wapo  busy fellating obama admin

did you read the wapoo piece by brady dennis? "oh no," whines brady, "those big ole bad republicans treated treasury secretary tim 'timmy, i don't pay my taxes until i'm caught' geithner roughly": [white house senior advisers] said friday they were not alarmed by geithner's rough treatment at the hands of republican lawmakers on the joint economic committee, which even included a call for him to resign.gasp !  note the use of the word "even." "...which even called for him to resign!" gasp !  there's nothing like the hyperbolization of what is, or should be, a neutral, objective reporter writing a piece for what is, or should be, a neutral, objective newspaper.oh...wait...it's the wapoo! did i say neutral and objective? i must have one-too-may hits of the chronic.awwwww. po' widdle timmy tim tim the tax cheater. he was asked some tough questions, gosh darn it, about the obama admin and the treasury department's profligate spending of billions and trillions of taxpayer money! how dare anyone hold responsible, let alone accountable, the likes of timmy tim tim the tax cheater and his boss dear leader his excellency barack hussein obama, junior.    there were plenty of democrats who grilled timmy tim tim the tax cheater just as harshly and roughly as did the republican lawmakers. anyone who followed geithner's grilling knows many dem lawmakers were not impressed by geither's performance and showed nothing but incredulity and "even" rough treatment towards geithner's ignorance, arrogance and inexperience. he's in way over his head. if he were a human, physical representation of a mortgage, he'd be underwater.brwady dennith didn't mention this in his story because - well, my guess is - the wapoo is far too busy fellating  hussein obama, junior and his crooked communist cronies.licking those chapped lips, eh timmy? do they taste like kenyan anus? eleven  paragraphs into the story, brwady finally gets around to noting that geithner used taxpayer bailout money to pay aig's creditors at full face value! had this happened under any republican admin, this fact would have been placed near the beginning of the story and would have likely been the screaming headline, something like: "bush treas sec bails out wall street cronies at full value!"and it isn't until the twelfth paragraph that brwady mentions that one house democrat said "no" when asked during a television interview whether geithner should keep his job.geither is a wall street good old boy. he'd be vilified, demonized and forced to resign if he were a part of any republican administration. but he has the approval of the kenyan behind him along with the liberal press, including the wapoo, which is far too busy fellating the pbama admin and swallowing like the good little guzzlers that they are.i wonder if the wapoo keeps a stomach pump on its premises for their reporters, just in case they swallow too much...well, you know. ©2009labels: geithner, it's the economy stupid, marxism, pbama and his fascist pigs, pbama must fail, the market
// posted by david drake @ 1:31 am 8 comments  



druggy patrick kennedy barred from communion

catholic role model druggy patrick kennedy.awwwwww. druggy patrick kennedy is barred from receiving communion. providence journal: providence bishop thomas j. tobin has forbidden rep. patrick j. kennedy to receive the roman catholic sacrament of holy communion because of his advocacy of abortion rights, the rhode island democrat said friday.“the bishop instructed me not to take communion and said that he has instructed the diocesan priests not to give me communion,” kennedy said in a telephone interview.kennedy said the bishop had explained the penalty by telling him “that i am not a good practicing catholic because of the positions that i’ve taken as a public official,” particularly on abortion. he declined to say when or how bishop tobin told him not to take the sacrament. and he declined to say whether he has obeyed the bishop’s injunction.gee...is druggy patrick even sober enough to realize when he's in a church?isn't it time druggy patrick kennedy check into rehab again? he's only made two or three or four trips - that we know about - to try and kick the booze, the pills and who knows what other substances this pig abuses. yes, that's right, i called him a pig. all kennedy males are pigs. fcuking pigs. they're a bunch of substance abusing, raging alcoholic, serial philandering, rapist, misogynistic pigs.speaking of the kennedy family, druggy pat's dad fat ted tumor head kennedy is still dead and permanently residing in hell. and this is a wonderful, glorious thing that i have not yet fully finished rejoicing or celebrating. it's a tragedy fat ted lived as long as he did, considering his heinous career crime. ©2009labels: any kennedy male, druggy patrick kennedy, ted kennedy
// posted by david drake @ 1:01 am 9 comments  

sunday, november 22, 2009


obama economic policies hinder recovery

pbamanomics - the economic policies of dear leader his excellency barack hussein pbama junior - marxists policies created and intended to purposefully ruin the u.s. economy - are preventing the rebound of the u.s. economy. al-reuters: ...with banks reluctant to lend and consumers afraid of borrowing, chances of a strong and quick economic recovery are slim, bankers and investors said at the reuters global finance summit this week."it will take at least a couple of years to come out of this recession," said denis salamone, chief operating officer of hudson city bancorp (hcbk.o), the biggest u.s. thrift.consumers pulling backthe u.s. economy grew at an annual rate of 3.5 percent in the third quarter, its first growth in more than a year. but the main impetus was government subsidies on cars and housing."we have to be cautious here because unemployment is still a big uncertainty, is forecast to continue to rise, and so we have to take a cautious outlook, even though things are notably better than they were a year ago," american express co (axp.n) chief financial officer dan henry said.unemployment rose to a 26-year high of 10.2 percent in october and is expected to be a drag on the economy for some time."companies are not yet confident that we will be out of this. and some are concerned about a second dip coming out of this recession and, therefore, they are not hiring," salamone said."people's consumption attitude is going to be different over a period of time, and i think that will lead them to not be the whole engine of the world economy," said takeo sumino, chief operating officer of nomura holding america, a unit of japanese brokerage nomura holdings[...]mortgage delinquency rates and the percentage of loans in foreclosure jumped to record highs in the third quarter, according to the mortgage bankers association. it forecast the trend will continue into 2010.credit card losses are seen peaking next year, and commercial real estate losses will likely become a big headache for more lenders.[...]"if you think chargeoffs are bad now, wait until this unemployment rate sticks at 10 percent for over a 12-month time period," he said. "everybody tries to live their lifestyle, and people only begin to change their lifestyle when they lose their job. then reality sets in."barry obama. he is doing a heckuva job!©2009labels: bank failures, barry in charge, blame pbama, it's the economy stupid, job losses, leave it to barry, marxism, pbama must fail, pbamanomics
// posted by david drake @ 1:57 am 0 comments  



obama calls great wall, "magical."

the affirmative action prednint dear leader his excellency barack hussein obama, junior called china's 'great wall', "magical." seebs news: president barack obama absorbed history's expanse wednesday from atop the great wall of china, a manmade wonder of such enormity that mr. obama found himself putting daily life in perspective."it's magical," mr. obama said, walking down a ramp alone, his hands in his pockets. "it reminds you of the sweep of history and our time here on earth is not that long. we better make the best of it."   yeah. china has such fair and humane human rights policies. one might call them magical. i'm glad the kenyan appreciates and endorses it.©2009labels: barry in charge, china, imposter obama, marxism, obama is a pussy, pbama must fail
// posted by david drake @ 1:21 am 0 comments  



al gore claims interior of earth's temperature, "several million degrees."

the global warming alarmist, the man who would never be president, albert gore, junior is professing his ignorance again. this time, talking out of his butt - again - this time saying the interior of the earth's temperature is "several million degrees." associated content: al gore was on the tonight show with conan o'brien recently and was attempting to explain the utility of geothermal energy, which taps the earth's heat to generate energy. in so doing, former vice president gore proved to be an ignoramus.[...]people think about geothermal energy — when they think about it at all — in terms of the hot water bubbling up in some places, but two kilometers or so down in most places 'cause the interior of the earth is extremely hot, several million degrees aces there are these incredibly hot rocks, , and the crust of the earth is hot ..."the problem is that al gore got the temperature of the interior of the earth wrong by several orders of magnitude. the actual temperature of the earth's interior is upwards to six thousand degrees celsius. "several million degrees" would describe the temperature of the interior of the sun.in other words, if al gore were right, the earth would not be a planet but a star.when will people stop buying this asshat's specious and disputed "science?" this is a man who, in a specific area of science, has no formal training and education in the area of which he speaks, yet millions of kool-aid injecting envirotards and cultists bow to him like the global warming guru that he poses and postures as.gore doesn't know michael jordan from michael jackson. and he's asking us to believe him on so-called global warming? i have ocean front property for sale for all you gore global warming believers. send me your money. i will reserve, for you in your name, 150 yards of prime, sandy, beach front property on pluto. plenty of land to build waterfront property. low down payments and affordable monthly payment. yeah...send me your money. you're gullible. beyond gullible.michael jackson. nba superstar. he played for the chicago bulls.this must be true because al gore, junior said so. ©2009labels: al gore, albert gore, cultists, envirotards, gore earth fever, liberal hysteria, liberals are fucking stupid
// posted by david drake @ 12:49 am 4 comments  



mary landrieu is for sale

chubby libernazi u.s. marxist senator mary landrieu of louisiana is for sale. her price for voting to support the rationed and socialized healthcare program known as obamacare is one-million dollars...and then some. apee: section 2006 takes up only a few dozen lines in a sweeping health care bill that runs to 2,074 pages and mentions neither sen. mary landrieu nor her state of louisiana. but the section's purpose is indisputable: to deliver $100 million or more in federal funds to the state. and in the process clear the way for one of three moderate democratic fence-sitters — ben nelson of nebraska and blanche lincoln of arkansas are the others — to help propel the legislation past its initial hurdle in a crucial saturday vote.i bet $100 million or more in federal funds buy a lot of twinkies and bon-bons for the moon-pie-faced landrieu."moo...moo....!""you're being mean, david.""naaaah. i'm just havin' a bit o' fun."©2009labels: death panels, dems kill, liberal culture of death, mary landrieu, pbamanomics, rationed health care, tax and spend
// posted by david drake @ 12:31 am 3 comments  

tuesday, november 17, 2009


fake president, fake jobs, real costs

the fraudulent prednint dear leader his excellency barack hussein obama, junior is providing fake numbers in his fake job creation. abc news: the obama administration, under fire for inflating job growth from the $787 billion stimulus plan, slashed over 60,000 jobs from its most recent report on the program because the reporting outlets had submitted "unrealistic data," according to a document obtained by abc news.[...]...the omitted data from the 12 outlets reflected 60,803 jobs saved or created from over $20 million in stimulus funds. if the administration had included the data in its report last month, the total job growth from the stimulus would have exceeded 700,000, rather than the 640,000 ultimately reported.[...]"the more we learn about the administration's 'jobs created or saved' methodology, the more questions we have regarding its accuracy and validity," rep. darrell issa told abc news sunday night. "now we learn that omb is playing an active role in trying to filter information. given this hands-on role that the administration is playing, it would be appropriate to have omb represented at thursday's hearing."[...]since the latest stimulus report, there have been numerous media reports that the jobs numbers were inflated.the associated press said the report "significantly overstates the number of jobs spared with money from programs serving families and children, mostly the head start preschool program."the denver post also cited overstated federal figures with the colorado head start program, noting that the government reported 269 jobs saved or created by the program, but only three were actually saved or created.the chicago tribune noted that the administration said $4.7 million in stimulus money for schools in north chicago had saved the jobs of 473 teachers, but the school district only employed 290 teachers. the statistics – claiming that stimulus money had helped save or create 14,330 school jobs in illinois – were "riddled with anomalies that raise questions about their validity."the boston globe also reported that massachusetts recipients of stimulus funds claimed that 12,000 jobs had been saved or created, "that number has been inflated by miscounts, erroneous figures, or claiming jobs for work not yet started."lies. nothing but lies every time the kenyan and his admin speaks or releases information. lies. all lies.where is the outrage from the pbama cultists who claimed they would hold their messyiah responsible, unlike - they alleged - those of us who, at times, supported george w. bush? why so silent, cultists? why so deathly afraid to hold your failure of a messyiah responsible and accountable for his actions and his policies? why so afraid to speak up? too busy intravenously injecting that kool-aid? just how deep is the cultists' level of denial? how high is up?©2009labels: blame pbama, cultists, imposter obama, it's the economy stupid, job losses, marxism, pbama stimupork, pbamanomics
// posted by david drake @ 1:41 am 6 comments  



joe biden+cars=accidents and deaths

what is it with the connection between herr biden and car accidents that kill people?biden escort involved in auto wreck. abq news: a bernalillo county sheriff's deputy escorting vice president joe biden's motorcade was hit this afternoon at gibson and carlisle.police say a woman drove around two police units blocking the intersection and hit  a car driven by a sergeant with bcso.no injuries or arrests have been reported, but the sergeant has been taken to presbyterian hospital for evaluation.a sheriff's spokeswoman would not say whether the vice president had already gone through the area at the time of the accident.last week, biden's motorcade killed one person. wapoo: two armored u.s. secret service vehicles, including a limousine sometimes used by vice president biden, struck and killed a man hours before dawn wednesday as he was crossing rain-slicked suitland parkway near the district-maryland border, authorities said.the pedestrian, whose name was withheld by police pending notification of his next of kin, was struck by the limousine and a chevrolet suburban at 2:27 a.m. at naylor road, just over the district line in prince george's county, according to the secret service and u.s. park police.[...]biden had used the limousine tuesday during a visit to fort lewis, wash., and the suburban had also been part of the vice president's motorcade during the trip, wiley said.early last year, biden's wife jill was involved in an auto accident...that was...injuryhelpline: authorities said that a tractor-trailer hits the bmw driven by jill biden, wife of u.s. senator joe biden, on southbound i-95 south of delaware 141 at around 9:45 a.m. when the tractor-trailer changed lanes and injured her.according to delaware state police corporal jeff whitmarsh, the maryland tractor-trailer driver, duane vanderbosh, of perryville, was driving a 1988 international tractor-trailer south in the left center lane of the highway next to the bmw being driven by jill biden, of greenville. as the rig changed lanes to the left, it hit mrs. biden's car.jill biden was injured to some extent and taken to christiana hospital, where she was treated for minor injuries and released....eerily similar to the death of biden's first wife, neilia. herr biden, meanwhile, still tells the same falsehood today that he told 30 years ago...that his wife was killed by a drunk driver. oh no she wasn't!watch out! get out of the way! joe's driving or here comes his motorcade! biden lied, people died. what is it with herr biden and auto-related deaths? i thought we put auto-related deaths to rest after fat ted tumor head kennedy got a first-class ticket to hell?is herr biden taking up the fat dead ted tumor head kennedy legacy of killing people with automobiles? it certainly looks that way.bidencide? or maybe herr biden is having these people killed, only he's making it look like a car accident? i mean, if bush and cheney can mastermind september 11, who knows if biden is killing people under the guise of it being an "auto accident?"  ©2009labels: any kennedy male, biden, biden charity, cokehead ashley biden, dems kill, herr biden, liberal culture of death, ted kennedy
// posted by david drake @ 1:11 am 2 comments  



edward woodward dies

actor edward woodward has died a the age of 79. bbc: veteran actor edward woodward has died aged 79, his agent has confirmed.the croydon-born star had been suffering from various illnesses, including pneumonia, and died in hospital, said janet glass.woodward is most famous for his roles in the cult 1973 horror film the wicker man, alongside sir christopher lee, and tv series the equalizer and callan.sir christopher described woodward as "a very good friend and a splendid actor".ms glass said he had been ill for several months and passed away surrounded by members of his family.the actor, who lived in hawker's cove near padstow, died at the royal cornwall hospital in truro."i knew him a very long time and he was a superb human being," she said."that integrity shone through in the roles he played. i can't ever remember, in all the productions he undertook, anyone having a bad word to say about him and he never had anything bad to say about anyone else either."edward woodward as robert mccall; "the equalizer"and from another bbc obituary story of mr. woodward: the success of callan earned him an award for tv actor of the year and led to woodward starring in a long-running american television series, the equaliser.his five years in new york made him wealthy, but woodward regretted making the series, which took a heavy toll on his health.working 20 hours at a time, he coped by smoking 100 cigarettes a day - and had a major heart attack.but the role did win him a coveted golden globe for best actor in 1987.  seriously - i have nothing but respect, admiration and am in awe of someone who smoked 100 cigarettes a day."the equalizer" was an awesome show. it's first season received so many complaints and public criticism about the level of violence and gunfire in the episodes that subsequent seasons were somewhat moderated - to a point - to the detriment of the content of the program and the issues it dealt with.i don't think it was because the program and its creators deliberately intended to up the ante regarding the violent content; it was more that "the equalizer" reflected real world violence and it did so without flinching. it was genuine, it was real, it was gritty and woodward was suited-to-a-t for playing the character role of ex-spy/agent robert mccall.full filmography here.two, of many, of woodward's performances that are worth repeated viewings are the critically acclaimed film "breaker morant" (fantastic) and the cult classic "the wicker man."   edward woodward...a class act. may he rest in peace.©2009labels: celebrity deaths, edward woodward, the equalizer
// posted by david drake @ 12:59 am 0 comments  

monday, november 16, 2009


obama seeks delay in fort hood probe

huh. usually it's the liberals and progressives who just can't wait to get an investigation going at full-speed ahead. "investigation? why, we need to start that 'yesterday,'" is most often the modus operandi of the insane liberal clown posse (ilcp). and liberal and progressive politicians make up an integral part of the ilcp, make no mistake about it.usually, it is impossible to keep the libs and progs from fast-tracking and rushing into an investigation. any investigation. but the muslim-terrorist-in-chief, dear leader his excellency barack saddam hussein obama, junior wants to delay an investigation into the fort hood terrorist acts of nidal malik hasan. apee: obama turned his attention home and pleaded for lawmakers to "resist the temptation to turn this tragic event into the political theater." he said those who died on the nation's largest army post deserve justice, not political stagecraft.[...]obama said he was not opposed to hearings — eventually. but he strongly pressed lawmakers to hold off until the probes now under way are completed."there is an ongoing investigation into this terrible tragedy," obama said. "that investigation will look at the motives of the alleged gunman, including his views and contacts.""political stagecraft," the kenyan calls it. political stagecraft...like his foam columns at invesco field?notice he called what happened at fort hood a, "terrible tragedy," and not what it really is: radical islamic terrorism.we know the motives of hasan. they can be summed up by hasan himself when he uttered, 'allahu akbar'.what is it obama is trying to cover-up? is he connected to hasan in some way?obama is afraid to upset the delicate radical muslim world. the religion of peace. yeah...i remember the peaceful protests over the danish cartoons. theo van gogh...he too was a victim of the religion of peace.thank obama for showing the world cowardice with a capital "c." when the u.s. experiences another terrorist attack - and it will, and it will happen while obama is in office - be sure to thank obama. he will have permitted and allowed it to happen. his weakness, his cowardice, his appeasement and his pacification will have invited another terrorist attack.if obama fought against terrorism and terrorists as hard as he fights fox news, we could all sleep safely at night. but he won't do this. that's because he's a muslim.  ©2009labels: blame pbama, dems enable terrorism, ilcp, imposter obama, obama is a pussy, obama's muslim faith, pbama must fail, terrorism
// posted by david drake @ 2:23 am 6 comments  

sunday, november 15, 2009


bowing obama or, how barry learned to stop wincing and take it up the ass

dear leader his excellency the affirmative action prednint barack hussein obama, junior bowed to the japanese emperor. la times: how low will he go? obama gives japan's emperor akihito a wow bow (updated with video, pic).(updates: 12:22 p.m. a brief news video has been added below, showing the greeting in this photograph. contrary to some claims, the video shows no reciprocal bow by the emperor, who traditionally bows to no one. and we've added a file photo from 2007 of vice president dick cheney greeting the japanese emperor in the same door way in a different fashion.)i'm guessing it's barry's habit to bow. he's getting ready to be anally penetrated. he's used to taking it up the arse from his boyfriend, the secretive mike signator. who knows...maybe even spbarney spfrank has had his dingle-dangle up the kenyan's bi-racial bunghole.here's how former vice president dick cheney greeted the japanese emperor:america bows to no one, except when we have a cowardly, marxist, pacifying, appeasing cokcsucker in the white house.we all remember pbama's submissive bow to the saudi king:  gay barry. flaming barry. barry likes having his butt up in the air waiting for penetrating incoming projectiles. come out of the closet, barry. there is no shame in your being gay. a sham, yes, a sham of everything you claim to be but aren't. sham yes;  shame no.©2009labels: barney frank, cowardly liberals, dick cheney, flaming barry, flaming obama, fraudbama, michael signator, obama bows, obama is gay, pbama must fail
// posted by david drake @ 2:09 am 10 comments  



u.s. army suicide rates on track for record high on obama's watch

from bloomberg: the number of suicides among active- duty u.s. army troops this year reached 133 in october, 18 more than in the same period last year and putting the service within reach of a new annual high.the 133 reported suicides, including the national guard and reserves, between january and october compared with 115 during the same period in 2008 when the service recorded 140 by year’s end, an annual record, the army said in a statement.you know who is to blame for this, right? do i even have to mention the kenyan's name? because this is his fault. entirely, wholly and fully his fault.increased suicides in the u.s. military sent the insane liberal clown posse (ilcp) into fits of seething rage and venom-spitting hyperbole towards w. bush when he was the president. wanna bet the ilcp and the pbama cultists are being the dutiful, obedient, steeped-in-denial little pillow-biting goose-stepping little eichmanns that we all know they are?©2009labels: blame pbama, cultists, dems are haters, dems kill, ilcp, liberals hate america, liberals hate the military, liberals suck
// posted by david drake @ 1:59 am 0 comments  



nearly 4,000 dead in u.s. from h1n1...blame obama, it's his katrina

whew! 4,000 dead u.s. soldiers were a big political deal for the liberals, a political tool they used in denigrating and vilifying then-president george w. bush.we now have nearly 4,000 deaths in the united states from the h1n1 virus and the same libernazis who vilified bush are saying...nothing about 4,000 of their fellow americans dying from a lack of h1n1 immunizations due to a vaccine shortage.guess who is responsible for the vaccine shortage? that's right. it's the affirmative action kenyan prednint dear leader his excellency barack hussein obama, junior. his center for disease control has failed. his lack of preparedness at the federal level killed these 4,000 americans.hell, even the world socialist web site recognizes this: a new estimate by the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) places the us death toll from the swine flu, or h1n1 virus, much higher than had been previously reported. the death rate among the young and healthy is also far greater than both recent cdc estimates and that of normal flu strains.nearly 4,000 american have died as a result of the swine flu, out of an estimated 22 million who have been infected with the virus, according to the new cdc calculations, which are extrapolations based on data gathered in ten states.[...]approximately three quarters of all deaths have been among those aged 18 to 64. about 540 teenagers, children and babies have died as a result of the swine flu—a figure four times higher than that reported last week by the cdc, and seven times the death total for a typical flu strain—with the heart of flu season, december through may, still to come.there have been a total of 98,000 h1n1-related hospitalizations, with more than a third of these, 36,000, among those age 17 and under.[...]the obama administration ordered approximately 250 million doses of the vaccine, and confidently predicted that 120 million of those would be available to the public by this point. instead, the federal government has received only 42 million doses as of thursday, and not all of these have been distributed.[...]the white house cannot claim that its response to h1n1 came for lack of time to prepare, with epidemiologists concluding last spring that the virus would produce a full-scale pandemic that could claim many lives.such has been the administration’s incompetence and indifference to the pandemic that commentators have suggested the swine flu may well become “obama’s katrina,” a reference to the callous and blundering response of the bush administration to the hurricane that laid waste to the us gulf coast and its principal city, new orleans, in 2005.as was the case with hurricane katrina, the swine flu epidemic has revealed the decrepit state of infrastructure in the us and the indifference of a government whose overriding concerns are the profit margins of wall street banks and the imperialist wars in iraq and afghanistan.delivery and disbursal of the vaccine in the us has been compromised by the decimation of public health care over the past several decades through budget cutbacks and layoffs. this has only been accelerated by the economic crisis, with doctors, nurses and administrators being laid off from vital public health jobs even as they are most needed.jeeezuz phucking keeeyrist, when you have the world socialist web site acknowledging that pbama and his fascist administration is the reason we have 4,000 american deaths and are woefully under-supplied with h1n1 vaccine, you know damn well something is wrong and insidious with obama's socialist utopia.way to go, barry. you are doing a heckuva' job, darn it, just a heckuva' job.this is all in the kenyan's master plan...to kill as many americans as possible.  ©2009labels: blame pbama, flu, imposter obama, liberal culture of death, pbama is hated, pbama must fail
// posted by david drake @ 1:43 am 8 comments  

saturday, november 14, 2009


troop morale down in obama's continued illegal occupation of afghanistan

troop morale in afghanistan is sinking and sinking quickly in what is dear leader his excellency the affirmative action prednint barack hussein obama, junior's illegal occupation of afghanistan. apee via yahoo news: morale has fallen among soldiers in afghanistan, where troops are seeing record violence in the 8-year-old war, while those in iraq show much improved mental health amid much lower violence, the army said friday. it was the first time since 2004 that soldier suicides in iraq did not increase. self-inflicted deaths in afghanistan were on track to go up this year.ohhhhhhhh...my, my, my...and uptick in self-inflicted deaths. i remember when the insane liberal clown posse (ilcp) and the pbama cultists screamed bloody murder when self-inflicted deaths occurred in afghanistan during the w. bush administration. oddly, strangely, the ilcp and the cultists remain dutifully and obediently silent over this facet now with their cult leader in charge of the fiasco in afghanistan.i thought the ilcp said that since w. bush failed to capture osama bin laden in afghanistan, that it was a failed war effort and that we should redeploy our soldiers and bring them home. well, obama hasn't captured bin laden, so...why are we still in afghanistan? what are the benchmarks? what is the point? why are we there? obama receives a free pass in not having to answer these same questions that were asked of w. bush on a minute-by-minute basis by the ilcp during his admin. the afghan report also found a shortage of mental health workers to help soldiers who needed it, partly because of the buildup obama started this year with the dispatch of more than 20,000 extra troops.[...]other findings of the afghanistan survey included:* exposure to combat, long recognized as a strong factor in mental health problems, was significantly higher this year than rates in 2005 and similar to rates in 2007 for the combat units.* combat units reported significantly lower unit morale in the last six months of their tours of duty, more evidence of the wearing affect of long deployments."exposure to combat, long recognized as a strong factor in mental health problems, was significantly higher this year than rates in 2005 and similar to rates in 2007 for the combat units." hmmmmmm...who is the prednint this year? and what year is it that soldiers find significantly higher mental health problems? why...2009! i ask again, who is the prednint in 2009? well, i know for sure it's not boooooooooooooosh. so it can't be his fault.but the bi-racial kenyan-born piece of shit receives the coveted free pass from all the good little goose-stepping marxist, america-hating, knuckle-dragging drooling libernazis. this is no surprise to the rest of us. we know they hate america and they hate - absolutely hate - the u.s. military.all the bloodshed, all the torture, all the carnage, the decreased morale, the increase in suicides, the billions of dollar spent on obama's illegal occupation of afghanistan and iraq. it's all his fault. he owns it now, fully and wholly. and so do his cultists who, for almost eight years, did nothing but denigrate the u.s. soldiers in afghanistan. ©2009labels: afghanistan surge, cultists, ilcp, liberal culture of death, liberals hate america, liberals hate the military, pbama is hated, pbama must fail, pbama warmonger
// posted by david drake @ 2:09 am 4 comments  



the skanky miller show: nidal malik hasan's murderous rampage not terrorism

i don't know the name of the guest caller of friday's edition of liberal radio's skanky miller program but he said some very interesting things and offered some very interesting analysis of the fort hood shootings committed by nidal malik hasan.skanky millerfor instance, he said that hasan's murderous rampage cannot really be classified as terrorism because "only 13 people died."he said that hasan's acts don't fall under the definition of terrorism because civilians were not targeted, only military personnel.hitler, obama...obama hitler. there's no difference. none at all.he said that it is disrespectful to portray images of barack hussein pbama, junior with a hitler-esque mustache. awww. "dat's. so. sad." especially considering how the left never uses the politics of personal attack against their political opponents. he said that hasan's actions aren't terrorism because hasan was "teased."awwwwww - poor diaper head was teased. isn't that terrible? he must be the only one in the entire fucking world - let alone the military - who has been teased. so of course, his actions are justified by liberals. and using this justification, anyone teased by liberals receives a "get out of jail free" card. huh, this has me thinking the rest of us can shoot and murder liberals and progressives with complete immunity considering how they tease anyone who doesn't believe what they believe.the fact that hasan targeted military personnel should mean the crime is more heinous than if he had targeted civilians. after all, hasan took an oath to protect his fellow soldiers, an oath that is supposed to supersede one's religious beliefs, cultural background, race, ethnicity and skin color. but hasan didn't honor his oath, did he.and we now know that 13 is at least one of the magic numbers that is low enough to not qualify as being a "terrorist act." i'm not sure what the precise number of dead is supposed to be, or is supposed to reach, before it is declared terrorism, but we know that 13 dead...well, it's just not enough to be considered terrorism.ex-wino jowly jim ward. he was funnier as a boozer.then fathead jowly jim ward chimed in wondering how could one person, hasan, kill so many people. ward is proffering some sort of conspiracy theory. yeah, uh-huh, he's probably right. hasan had an accomplice. probably situated on the grassy knoll.it's okay to kill and murder liberals, everyone. get to it. we have complete and total immunity because we've been "teased" by liberals.hooray! it's open season on killing liberals! hot damn, this is going to be fun! i've been teased and ridiculed by liberals. guess that gives me complete immunity from going on a terroristic rampage of killing liberals and progressives. now...what caliber should i choose? any suggestions? ©2009labels: blame america, dems enable terrorism, ft. hood, islamic terrorism, jowly jim ward, liberals are fucking stupid, liberals hate america, liberals hate the military, skanky miller
// posted by david drake @ 1:17 am 10 comments  












 


alabama internet










 this site uses photographs and material from other sources in strict accordance and
compliance with fair use section 107 u.s. copyright code.
all other images and content © 2005-2009 david drake.
not responsible for content contained at linked sites. 


policy on commenting: 
- anonymous comments have little chance of being published.
- comments made on posts 60 days old or older have little chance of being published.
- published comments do not necessarily reflect the views of this blog author.
- discretion of publishing or rejecting submitted comments rests solely with the owner and creator of this blog. 
- comments that egregiously "plug" (i.e. advertise or promote) another site or blog will be rejected. this doesn't mean you cannot include a link to your story, blog or to another site, but don't go overboard. 
- profanity is not a disqualifying factor, but profane rants solely for purposes of profanity are unlikely to be published. 
- the owner and creator of this blog is not liable or responsible for the opinions of those who comment. 




about me

name:  david drake 
location:  united states 
view my complete profile

links

the quigmans
-
technorati
-
newstin
-
helium
-
expatica
-
newsroom america
-
the international news
-
orange
-
24 dash
-

news sources
wsj.com
bbc news
sky news
fox news
cns news
ibn news
reuters
yahoo news
google news
orange news
usa macpaper
international herald tribune
-
cnn
msnbc
new york 1
1010 wins news
topix news net
all headline news
world news network
voice of america news
-
world press
afp news
true news
eurasia net
ananova news
ap breaking news
newsday top news
the washington times
-
canoe
cbc news
canada.com
ctv news
cnw group
the dominion
canada free press
the globe and mail
-
mix eye
news meat
blogger news net
men's news daily
courthouse news
world net daily
ohmy news
newsmax
red orbit
rediff
pbs
-

kyw
kxtv
kptm
kmsp
koaa
ktla
kcal
kpax
kpnx
kron
kvvu
kcpq
khou
whec
wowt
wplg
wtop
wthr
wusa
wsvn
wxxa
wls
wor
wwj
-

scribes
wm. f. buckley, jr.
charles krauthammer
william (bill) kristol
patrick buchanan
tony blankley
l. brent bozell
thomas sowell
george will
cal thomas
bob novak
ben stein
wes pruden
ann coulter
-
voices
mclaughlin group
laura ingraham
michael medved
michael reagan
dennis prager
dennis miller
bill bennett
jerry doyle
mark levin
bill cunningham
phil hendrie
-
money
the street
nikkei net
bloomberg
motley fool
market watch
yahoo finance
the financial times
investors business daily
-

special causes
patriot guard
-
nra
-
centcom
-
uso
-
lt dan band
-
sports
nhl
espn
pga home
sporting news
european hockey.net
jim rome
-
blog roll
trending right mafia
early allies
miss o'hara
desert cat
noahware
witnit
point b
citzcom
wizbang!
mr minority
editors in pajamas
smallest minority
rottweiler puppy
drunken wisdom
balance sheet
in the bullpen
naked villainy
no quarters
daisy cutter
mud & phud
ihillary
slublog
pink kitty
point five
basil's blog
is it just me?
gribbit's word
rite turn only
red state rant
mean ol' meany
leather penguin
conservative cat
conservative dialysis
ogre's politics & views
sweet spirits of ammonia
museum of left wing lunacy
my vast right wing conspiracy
hector vex
-
apolitical
blogger news
blogger buzz
new crusade
reverend z
freddies blog
aspiration
excreta
songun
zudfunck
blue tea
tony's blog
scott, in brief
twenty major
sepia mutiny
the oubliette
all kinds of stuff
mr. completely
rock not goth
sam longoria
house of rave
pondering negro
grandma's house
knowledge problem
view from my valley
doctor recommended
one legged old fat man
i blog the body electric
eastern european ufo journal
don brockette
hiking colorado
weed needs
georgia on my mind
hockey nation
gun safes guide
the bible and society


-
posse blogitatus
bug drivel: my thoughts
unrepentant individual
fiddle dee dee
flopping aces
travis benning
wince and nod
dane bramage
crush liberalism
the right place
cowboy blob
whiz blog
code red
tom burrell
mister snitch
moe's woes
bad example
the gunn nutt
pirate's cove
liberal utopia
conservathink
true grit
robot guy
iowa voice
lone pony
it's a pundit
donks diary
mark levin fan
the therapist?
and rightly so!
right in raleigh
samantha burns
average gay joe
daily perspective
bloggin' out loud
right wing report
pursuing holiness
dread pundit bluto
clint heine
informed speculation
political truth
robinik
pettifog
muslihoon
the moral compass
thus i have spoken
everyman chronicles
don't let me stop you
keith's political journal
hatemonger's quarterly
sigmund,carl,and alfred
charming, just charming
reformed chicks blabbing
just some poor schmuck
webkittyn warbles
aubrey j
hooah wife
cal tech girl
isn't it rich
moonbattery
shaved ape
tom rants
right truth
nuke's news & views
nuke's at wp
drunk and armed
say no to p.c.b.s.
mythusmage opines
hillbilly white trash
house of eratosthenes
links to the right
lady vorzheva
spanish pundit ii
hate taxes
123 beta
the london fog
the war on guns
let's blame bush
new republican party
conservative uaw guy
holly's fight for justice
public figures...beware
morning coffee
chester street
rev. gisher's plebiscitecity
americans for freedom
the alliance of communist blogs
planck's constant
an awful waste of space
the nose on your face
grub street plumber
hillbilly willy
american-do attitude
nicotine gum addict
canada immigration issues
the digital brownshirt
braden’s corner of the net
bremblebeck
freedom
nice deb
monkeyeggs
tym machine
america is an obamanation!
ironic surrealism 3.0
blogging for a free world
right u r
it's curtains for you
habits not peculiar
world challenges inthe xxist century
the liberty boys
the mad jewess
lgf on evolution
lady di's quickwit
big dick's place
hillary and me


-
on target
stop the aclu
trey jackson
no pasaran!
news busters
blognor regis
mark in mexico
odd bits
libertopia
q and o
newmanisms
overlawyered
reject the u.n.
the right nation
the religion of peace
sacramento republicrat
i've got this anger in me...
blogs against the ny times
hillary needs a vacation
biased bbc
cair watch
shrinkwrapped
dummie funnies
olbermann watch
cdr salamander
dumb ox daily news
far right-wing minded
purple avenger
redstate
marooned in marin
living the grand life

-
durable minds
iraqi bloggers
imao
incite
gutrumbles
gay patriot
dummocrats
the scolai
mike's america
the right track
friends of saddam
peskimet modern
the digital right
the people's cube
desert rat ramblings
california conservative
respublica
future shock
quincy pundit
theodore's world
pipeline news
tigerhawk
neo-con*tastic
right pundits
ugly democrats
the bull speaks
save the gop
jihad watch
american infidel
the liberty papers
strong as an ox
perish the thought

-
guns and butter
jack army
gun culture
lt. smash
sgt. hook
argghhh!
dadmanly
echo9er
blogonomicon
barking moonbat
uss neverdock
45-caliber justice
posse incitatus
it comes in pints?
one marine's view
jihad watch
jo's cafe
star sailor
kates kafe
lunch pale
blogs of war
patriotic mom
flash bang
oystersnout
doc in the box
hold the mayo
wide awake cafe
the right is right
oh for conceal/carry
gun show on the net
view from the bunker
the cafeteria is closed
random nuclear strikes
my life as an army wife
fun with hand grenades
support your local gunfighter
tyranny response unit news
weapons of mass discussion
madfish willie's cyber saloon
old soldier
pass the ammo
major dad 1984
-
recent abductees
israel matzav
director blue
crookwatch
the butter stick
smoking ban stinks
the smoking ban is shit
civitatensis
hard starboard
mad mikey
man in a shed
shining city
barn army
tdn: the daily nigger


-
drake's short films
new sacha baron cohen trailer?
-
drugs are bad obama
-
the odd couple:hillary and barack
-
robert byrd's emotional speechon ted kennedy's brain tumor
-
al franken tax service
-
brand new fun with  real ed schultz audio
-
al franken explains  fine of $25,000
-
hillary: children it's 3am
-
eau de denial:  the fragrance of liberals
-
not the mclaughlin group # 3
-
not the mclaughlin group # 2
-
not the mclaughlin group
-
al franken explainsthe ford crown victoria
-
al franken explains dyslexia
-
al franken explains illegally downloading music from the internet
-
ed schultz fellates al franken: the sequel - kissy kissy boo boo
-
al franken's disingenuous past
-
2007 lpos award preview
-
osama bin laden tape translation
-
ed schultz fellates al franken
-
john edwards, that girl !
-
ed schultz attacks air america
-
al franken explains wild rice
-
al franken explains duluth, mn
-
who died when clinton lied
-
fun with audio and crybabies
-
pbs pledge drive: the sequel
-
sneak preview
-
john edwards: regular guy
-
wonderful wonderful wonder years
-
democrats: feel the love
-
fluorescent lights: the dirty secret
-
hillary clinton: candidate
-
pbs pledge drive
-
ketchup man and ketchup boy
-
al franken: senator?

drake's popular posts
obama's egypt vacation
-
obama to taxemployer-paid benefits
-
michelle obama's icy stare
-
little rock killer planned other attacks
-
democrat culture of deathover george tiller
-
obama admits he's a muslim
-
china buys humvee
-
was air france flight 447downed by terrorism?
-
majority of americanswant gitmo kept open
-
is robert byrd dead yet?
-
sarah palin and rncexonerated in wardrobegate
-
obama's party on taxpayer's dime
-
muslim convert kills military recruiter
-
abortion doctor george tiller killed
-
obama's shit sandwiches
-
general motors bankruptcy
-
sotomayor called a terror
-
obama stimulus checksgo to dead people
-
married gays now a privileged class
-
sotomayor pro gun control
-
minnesota's vacant senate seat receives overwhelming approval
-
reporter forcibly removedby obama jackbooted thugs
-
$9 trillion still missing;federal reserve can't find it
-
obama's hoax of troop withdraw
-
sotomayor's 60% failure rate
-
american flag offensive
-
vat tax; obama says we're broke
-
sonia sotomayor isthe affirmative action justice
-
obama's cyber czar
-
california supreme courtupholds proposition 8
-
samson obama's fake ids
-
don't worry...obama's in charge
-
obama's half-brother samsonaccused of pedophillia
-
obama puppet of soros?
-
obama plays the fear card,the fear card, the fear card
-
synagogue terrorists were muslim
-
michelle obama says everybody needs a personal assistant
-
obama's fascist healthcare
-
the lunchbox police
-
senate blocks gitmo transfers
-
obama thugs arrestnotre dame protesters
-
obama continues military tribunals
-
pelosi vs. cia
-
gm moves to china
-
obama says debt unsustainable
-
pelosi caught in her web of lies
-
ted kennedy's legacy
-
hooray! more taxes
-
obama won't release abuse photos
-
pelosi briefed on waterboardingin september 2002
-
$9 trillon missing
-
obama laughs at 9/11 jokes
-
obama & biden eat burgers in hell
-
obama illegally detainsteenager ashton lundeby
-
skyrocketing iraqi deaths;blame obama
-
obama discrediting himself
-
feds investigate john edwards
-
michelle obama $540 sneakers
-
obama's bio chem attack
-
joe biden's flu advice
-
obama's lowliest private
-
chrysler files bankruptcy
-
cheney: release the caterpillar
-
manhatten flyover conspiracies
-
obama, napolitano fail flu epidemic
-
fema coloring book is upsetting
-
majority against investigatingbush administration
-
obama and feds knew ny flyover would cause and instill panic and fear
-
spot the homophobe
-
obama jesus
-
"sir" ted kennedy blastedby ireland politician
-
arlen specter returns to dem party
-
obama talks, summers' snoozes
-
obama terroizes new york
-
pelosi caught lyingabout waterboarding
-
ed schultz: wife beater, dog killer
-
high speed rail to chicago
-
sasha obama's baby bump?
-
aunt zeituni gets special treatment
-
obama and dhs classifyu.s. veterans as terrorists
-
bo the dog a fraud
-
obama's mexico vacation
-
obama dog not a rescue
-
anderson cooper hasmouthfull of testicles
-
gitmo abuse increase under obama
-
obama kills teenage pirates
-
obama's momma naked!
-
phil spector supports obama
-
obama receives grade f
-
obama's austrian language
-
biden's tall, tall tales
-
ted stevens exonerated
-
obama bows to saudi royalty
-
obama's illegal spying on americans
-
dead voters vote for obama
-
boorish michelle obama
-
kathleen sebelius tax cheat
-
obama's european vacation part 2
-
geithner speaks, markets tank
-
europe protests obama
-
aunt zeituni fights deportation
-
ashley biden snorts cocaine?
-
the baby democrat network
-
obama says smart metersto the economic rescue
-
aig bonus a liberal witch hunt
-
barney frank callsjustice scalia a homophobe
-
obama: orion, orion
-
jackie clegg doddon aig payroll
-
majority of americans say country headed in wrong direction
-
punch drunk obama
-
michelle obama's garden
-
retard barry,retard barry
-
obama slurs special olympics
-
deficit soars, obama laughs
-
iraq protests obama'sillegal occupation of iraq
-
dvd's obama gave togordon brown unwatchable
-
obama and congress feignshock over aig bonuses
-
fed prints trillions of dollars
-
un wants global oil tax
-
aig fiasco; democratsdidn't connect the dots
-
pelosi and rick astley
-
acorn+census=fraud
-
feigned outrage from the leftover aig $165m bonuses
-
obama tells vets payfor their own healthcare
-
obama's climbing dead count
-
is afghanistan obama's waterloo?
-
dick cheney says u.s.less safe under obama
-
aig bailout okay with obama cultists
-
osama bin laden's new episode
-
jon stewart has hissyfit over jim cramer
-
obama approval ratingslower than those of bush
-
gun sales increase
-
michelle obama pretends shecares about military families
-
fbi raids obama cheif tech office
-
ban ki moon calls u.s. deadbeat
-
obama devastating totaxpayers in only 50 days
-
obama signs stimupork in private
-
obama's mounting war deaths
-
pelosi airplane fallout continues
-
controversial obama appointee charles freeman withdraws name
-
pelosi's personal airplane
-
obama and democrats aredestroying everything they touch
-
minnesota's muslim mortgages
-
increased torture at gitmo by obama
-
obama death count rising: civilians dead in afghanistan, iraq, pakistan
-
obama's economy:unemployment highest since 1983 and job losses most since 1949
-
treasury woefully understaffed
-
obama's martial law
-
obama teleprompter addiction
-
joe the plumber sues ohio
-
classless barack and michelle:25 dvds to gordon brown
-
obama must fail
-
obama cooking the books
-
obama returns churchill bust
-
obama is destroying wealth
-
obama appointee ron birkyet another tax cheat
-
envirotards against fluffy toilet paper
-
roland burris' son gets state job, hired by blagojevich admin.
-
joe biden asks for website number
-
eric holder's gun control
-
gitmo abuse increases under obama
-
obama is an imposter
-
obama's state of the uniongloom and doom
-
obama kills 13 afghanistan civilians
-
un underestimates iran's uranium
-
rick santelli's tea party
-
harry smith the weeper
-
students laugh at obama
-
new york post cartoon enrages obama cultists while theyignore past racial incidents
-
muslims protest obama
-
new york post caroon racist?
-
rahm emanuel lives rent free
-
obama signs stimulus, markets tank
-
is michelle obama carryinga doggie bag of drugs?
-
indonesia protests hillary clinton
-
roland burris must go
-
obama's afghanistan surge
-
obama's continues foreignpolicy disaster in iraq
-
the economy after stimupork
-
obama's mounting death toll
-
blagojevich hits burris up for $10k
-
obama admin rocked by setbacks
-
obama owns all these deaths
-
henrietta hughes is a fraud
-
$13 more dollars per week
-
henrietta hughes a plant
-
obama makes markets bleed
-
obama rationed health care program
-
clumsy obama bumps head
-
obama invokes state secretsand privilege on rendition
-
noam chomsky tinkles on obama
-
obama heckled; he whines
-
rinos specter, collins and snow
-
democrat's lavish retreatpaid for by taxpayers
-
hilda solis: yet anotherobama tax cheater
-
obama ok with renditionand bullies the uk
-
obama popularity plops
-
tom daschle and nancy killefer:more obama tax cheaters
-
pole reversal by 2012?
-
obama's concentration camps
-
henry kissinger andobama's new world order
-
k is for kentucky, not just katrina
-
obama illegally occupies iraq
-
feel obama's pain
-
tom daschle doesn't pay taxes
-
worst january djia close ever
-
no smoking in your car?
-
obama the big wagyu
-
obama bans torture,except when he allows it
-
dems vote to spend, spend, spend
-
pelosi says contraceptionis good for economy
-
biden's uptick in afghanistan
-
obama kills civilians
-
obama irked by questions abouthis ties to raytheon lobbyist
-
obama's first day itinerary
-
caroline schlossberg kennedy out!
-
viewing audience drops for inaugural
-
are we out of iraq, yet?
-
pushy sunshine smile day
-
rangel seeks to bring back the draft
-
i attended the obama inaugural and all i got were these lousy pictures
-
it's obama time: rest the clock
-
obama's economic meltdown begins
-
an incomplete list ofpbama thugs and crooks
-
obama and biden haveno military experience
-
flight 1549, terrorist geeseand dick cheney's plot
-
hey...liberals...(you're full of sh%t)
-
job cuts for all
-
obama casting call fornew bin laden actor
-
obama inaugural most expensive ever
-
iran burns obama images
-
timothy geithner the tax cheat
-
third hand cigarette smoke
-
the controversial malia or sasha post: which one will get knocked up first?
-
no liberal outrage over $300 billion
-
carl pohlad dead
-
obama mil moves into white house
-
why no jet travolta jokes?
-
obama says recessionwill last for years
-
was jett travolta['s funeral green
-
obama and ag holderready to ban guns
-
the 2008 lpos award
-
obama trickle up economics
-
obama limo wastes fuel
-
timothy geithner gets a free pass
-
obama will wiretap and spy
-
september 11 halloween costumes
-
islam fatwa against yoga
-
citi crashes. thank robert rubin
-
obama sinks 8 ball
-
obama assassination: place your bets
-
hillary clinton: secretary of chicanery
-
ayman zawahiri callsobama a house negro
-
world trending conservative
-
dems invade privacyof joe the plumber
-
jonestown: 30 years later
-
obama warned on terrorist attacks
-
jeffrey rosato, dem pedophile
-
obama a drag on financial markets
-
palin africa story a hoax
-
gusset plate and design failurefelled i-35w bridge
-
dem embezzler harriette walters
-
students chant assassinate obama
-
obama says hands off lieberman
-
no smoking outdoors
-
the white housebefore and after the obamas
-
obama will rule, not govern
-
joe biden booed
-
auto bailout
-
scotus seeksobama birth certificate
-
wapo admits liberal bias
-
classless pbama
-
obama gives the finger
-
obama's mandatory servitude
-
election turnout notthe biggest in decades
-
pickles obama gets a makeover
-
ahmadinejad congratulates pbama
-
obama stiffs campaign workers
-
obama already affecting economy negatively; key economic data
-
rahm emanuel: neocon
-
remove the h's from the keyboards
-
obama: "we are not individuals"
-
prednint pbama
-
obama's civilian nationalsecurity force
-
sarah palin cleared in troopergate
-
obama will bankrupt coal industry
-
dems want your 401k
-
john murtha a fat little bastard
-
study shows media favors obama
-
obama aunt is illegal alien
-
wall street gives far more moneyto democrats than republicans
-
obama's aunt zeituni lives in poverty
-
obama, college marxist
-
"redistributor", not "n*gger"
-
joe the plumber snoop/data mineris dem obama supporter
-
obama spreading the wealth
-
obama birth certificatesealed from public
-
palin hanged in effigy
-
america is a conservative nation
-
potted plant blogging
-
how does mike signator pay rentand mortgage on $50k/year?
-
who is mike signator?
-
obama to hawaii
-
obama can't multitask
-
biden says obama brings crisis
-
powell endorses obama
-
michelle bachmann onobama's anti-americanism
-
rage against joe the plumber
-
obama steals vote ofmentally challenged man
-
barack and michelle dine like royalty
-
glaciers are growing
-
kill obama threat found baseless
-
obama supporter leaves dog poopin truck of mccain supporter
-
obama thugs intimidatemccain supporters
-
obama credit card fraud
-
murtha calls dem base racists
-
obama wants to spreadthe wealth around
-
final presidential debate analysis
-
second presidential debate analysis
-
first presidential debate analysis
-
vice presidential debate analysis
-
plant dignity, do carrots scream?
-
nhl crowd didn't boo sarah palin
-
tim mahoneygate dem scandal
-
obama is an arab
-
barack osama on ballot
-
acorn fraud infectious
-
acorn raid, ohio shenanigans
-
fec on obama's questionable campaign donation
-
obama buddy larry walshunder investigation
-
mccain exonerated in keating five
-
joe biden's mansion
-
sing for change not homemade
-
obama's own hitler youth:sing for change,children of the corn
-
pelosi pays hubby with pac money
-
barney frank is a lying sack of...
-
obama's braceletgate continues
-
pelosi: bailout, rescue, buy in!
-
abandon your kids in nebraska
-
dems deny bailout blame
-
obama's got a bracelet too
-
obama goes legal on his critics
-
obama bombs the bailout
-
fannie and freddie fund democrats
-
biden to israel:get use to nuclear iran
-
screw the bailout
-
mccain presidential, obama not
-
biden charitable giving:cheap, cheap, cheap
-
michelle obama appealsonly to stupid women
-
fifth grader expelled for wearing obama t-shirt
-
biden lies about gun control
-
obama and biden pro gun control
-
racist dems won't vote for obama
-
bill clinton likes thatlittle down syndrome kid
-
obama pays women less than men
-
obama is buying the white house
-
joe biden says paying morein taxes means you're patriotic
-
dem congress asleep at wheel
-
somali prayer in public school
-
obama won't share his wealth
-
obama: have teleprompter,will travel
-
obama undercuts u.s. military
-
obama's $28,500 meal
-
blame the democrats for wall street
-
obama's big corporate donors
-
obama likes commies
-
lies about track palin
-
mccain-palin leading in polls
-
daily kos spikes i hate 9/11 post: happy twin towers day
-
alcoholic whore randi rhodes trashes sarah palin
-
obama-biden voted forthe bridge to nowhere
-
charlie gibson cluelesson bush doctrine
-
barack begs bubba's backing
-
michelle obama absent from september 11 commemoration
-
dave thune's combative nature
-
biden: "hillary a better vp than me"
-
baby obama whines"enough is enough"
-
obama calls palin a "pig with lipstick"
-
biden tells man confined in wheel chair to "stand up!"
-
obama admits he's not qualifiedto serve as president
-
obama says he's muslim
-
mccain-palin convention bounce
-
green polar bears
-
obama campaigntrashes american flags
-
obama was never a constitutional law professor, never ever
-
was sarah palin'steleprompter sabotaged?
-
obama's nittaly lions
-
obama the community organizer
-
rnc, mccain, palin, polls, biden fun facts, obama scrubs site again
-
rnc rocked by mitt, rudy, sarah
-
rnc a sea of white people
-
rnc protesters' molotov cocktail plot
-
rnc protesterscharged with terrorism
-
olbermann afraid of assassination
-
rnc protesters throw feces
-
democrats poor parental role models
-
violence and vandalism at rnc
-
dear insane liberal clown posse
-
biden lied about first wife's death
-
feces and urine arenot protected free speech
-
obama, biden and earmarks
-
mccain picks sarah palin
-
obama's nuremberg rally
-
carter says mccain"milks pow status"
-
obama goon squard targets critics
-
the lily white dem convention
-
hillary clinton tuesday night live
-
john edwards' bastard child
-
election rides on fopim
-
carter calls obama a "black boy"
-
denver dem convention: night one
-
joe biden: death knell for obama
-
pelosi is gestapo in a dress
-
obama keeps telling us he's different
-
obama heckled
-
soros rich from oil
-
obama inside a bubble
-
obama snubs landstuhl troops
-
obama like rumsfeld,against the surge
-
obama's berlin crowd vastly inflated
-
harry reid's k-street scandal
-
obama snubs u.s. troops
-
obama's new world order
-
obama and soros:ventriloquism team
-
jackbooted obama in germany
-
obama's european vacation
-
ask mammy
-
we are a nation of keillors
-
pelosi, reid: no oil
-
obama scrubs anti-surgepolicies from his web site
-
obama new yorker cover
-
obama reneges debating mccain "anytime, anywhere"
-
crucify obama
-
obama worships satan
-
schumer closes indymac bank
-
obama supports fisaspying, wiretapping
-
obama says iran a great threat
-
obama's real birth certificate?
-
obama dense on foreign policy
-
obama and soros in denver
-
congress approval rating lowest ever
-
obama fraudulentcertificate of live birth
-
fireworks laden with pollutants
-
yuck is racist
-
puppy ad offends muslims
-
wesley clark undermines obama
-
joe horn cleared of shooting charges
-
danielle allen chases chain email
-
obama, hillary, unity
-
canada's healthcare in ruins
-
supreme court rules heller affirmed
-
obama invents vote that wasn't there
-
spain gives apes human rights
-
lingering questions overobama's birth certificate
-
nader says obama talking white
-
pelosi supports fairness doctrine
-
obama disses ellison
-
imus, sharpton and pacman
-
obama plays race card
-
obama would not bethe first black president
-
enron loophole
-
obama, financing,liberalism and kool-aid
-
dems approve fisa
-
obama flip flopson public financing
-
muslims booted from obama rally
-
haditha marines exonerated, murtha doesn't apologize
-
malik obama saysbarack is a muslim
-
democrats say obamalinked to terrorists
-
obama can't take criticism
-
obama's questionable citizenship
-
pickles obamathe baby momma
-
the new bolshevism
-
democrats want higher gas prices
-
obama the anti-semite
-
obama bullies lieberman
-
al franken saysrape is funny
-
obama aipac speechriles arabs
-
aipac rates obama a+
-
obama still smoking cigarettes
-
pelosi slanders u.s. troops
-
assassination of clintonand obama is art
-
obama will disappoint his base
-
father michael pfleger:another obama hit man
-
obama begs supportersnot to embarrass him
-
obama won't travel to iraq
-
obama's memorial day speech:he sees dead people
-
daily kos spikes photoshop ofmichelle obama as slave
-
gary keillor says terrorism is a joke
-
oil prices doubleunder democrats
-
michelle obama rails against whitey
-
obama delegate james yeeis a muslim
-
when will oil hit $200/barrel
-
tiza administrators attack news crew
-
obama: lay off my wife
-
ted kennedy's tumor:dems seek sympathy
-
obama plays fear cardwith social security
-
democrats are racists,but it's a secret
-
dems feign outrageover crossover voting
-
ted kennedy has a tumor
-
obama isn't a u.s. citizen?
-
michelle obama isa dangerous washerwoman
-
edwards and obama:homophobe hospital
-
hamas endorses obama
-
naral baby killers endorse obama
-
john edwardsendorses hussein obama
-
obama's white crossis a huckabee moment
-
robert byrd allowsa black man touch him
-
obama blames west virginiaprimary loss on racism
-
obama and nigerian emails
-
al franken doesn't pay his taxes
-
obama plays basketball,no usmc t-shirt this time
-
global warming didn'tcause virginia tornadoes
-
obama wears usmc t-shirt
-
obama won't debate hillary
-
mccain picks jeremiah wright as vp
-
gas costs more under democrats
-
pelosi writes her own bible verses
-
obama can't close the deal
-
new study finds the earth iscooling, not warming
-
obama just wants to eat his waffle
-
al gore won't ask hisrich friends to go green
-
jimmy carter, ambassador to hamas
-
the dawn of the obamalith
-
the young at heart chorus
-
michelle obama's silver spoons
-
obama will raise everyone's taxes
-
obama toasts arms dealer auchi
-
obama claims he doesn't remember meeting arms dealer auchi
-
pelosi tries to kill free trade
-
obama's empty rhetoric
-
obama says americans are bitter
-
obama flip flops on public financing
-
randi rhodes fired
-
tiza: muslim theologyin public school is aok
-
liberals mourn deathof terrorist al-masri
-
obama's homophobia doesn't matter because he's a liberal
-
no smoking nazis close bingo halls
-
obama is pro-gun control
-
obama endorsed by america-haters
-
randi rhodes suspended
-
dave thune: master asshat
-
the msm ignores thesins of barack obama
-
bill clinton's superdelegate meltdown
-
obama spiritual adviserjames meeks is a homophobe
-
chimpy mcobama poodle
-
obama caught telling more lies
-
study find cell phonesmore dangerous than smoking
-
obama caught telling lies abouthis father and kenyan airlift
-
jeremiah wright smears garlic nosed italians,jews and builds a mansion
-
obama cheapskate at charitable giving, donations increase when presidential run announced
-
obama passportgate:ceo is obama adviser
-
mccain misspeaks, dems go wild
-
obama is a mac daddy
-
jim mcgreevey's three-ways
-
rev. jeremiah wright damns america
-
eliot spitzer buys prostitutes
-
hillary's 3am phone call
-
osama bin laden wasbest man at obama wedding
-
mystery billboard:remember september 11
-
obama regrets vote to help schiavo
-
obama oath of office:fundraisers for terrorists
-
cfl's are dangerous, deadly
-
just foreign policy.comis just a bunch of lies
-
obama is a muslim:photographic proof
-
obama: change you can xerox
-
happy birthday ted kennedy
-
obama will invade pakistan
-
obama supporter kirk watson can't name one obama accomplisment
-
robert somma is a democrat
-
delicious democrat disarray
-
obama will fix your soul
-
michelle obama is finally proud
-
democrats weaken fisa
-
john kerry aide is a pedophile
-
democrats proud ofbeing weak on terror
-
ethanol pollutes the environment
-
obama's plagiarism
-
obama=change
-
robert somma's cocktail dress, fishnet stockings, high heels and dui
-
obama faintergate: part 2
-
obama faintergate: part 1
-
carl stanley mcgee is just another democrat child molester
-
naked sushi
-
obama campaign worker's  che guevara flag
-
superdelegates steal the voice of voters
-
blame the rinos
-
no smoking nazis close another bar
-
chelsea clinton pimped out
-
chelsea clinton breaks election law
-
berkeley disses on the u.s. marines
-
barack obama isted kennedy's poodle
-
now upset with ted kennedy
-
patio heaters blamed for global warming
-
the sissy drops out of the race
-
hillary clinton changes rules at halftime
-
sieg heil kitty?
-
george w. bush's last sotu address
-
norman goldman says bill clinton self-described "moderate republican"
-
no smoking nazis close last vfw
-
keith ellison impressed by gitmo
-
dennis kookcinich quits race for white house
-
bill clinton sleeps through martinluther king, jr.,memorial service
-
mike malloy lies about oil imports
-
hillary clinton's secrets
-
dennis kookcinich won't stop crying
-
dennis kookcinich throws temper tantrum
-
dennis kookcinich has hissy fit
-
nancy pelosi's exotic menu
-
sidney blumenthal arrested for drunk driving
-
george soros funds phony lancet study
-
benazir bhutto was no saint
-
al gore won't run
-
the 2007 lpos award
-
dennis kucinich stealth edits his anti-gun leanings
-
global warming alarmists face stormy weather
-
pelosi page scandal
-
smoking in wisconsin okay for now
-
bernie ward, perv?
-
tnr comes clean on scott beauchamp
-
toxic lipstick
-
lesser known christmas and holiday television programs
-
peta protests mounts and hunting lodge chic 
-
obama did drugs 
-
wifi causing autism? 
-
felons for hillary 
-
nasa reverses position on arctic ocean global warming 
-
hillary called a bitch 
-
hillary plants questions in audience 
-
no smoking in your home: the continuring saga and isfa 
-
no smoking in your home 
-
where are all the non-smokers?  
-
aqua dots and ghb 
-
hillary doesn't tip 
-
john kerry plays losing game of hungry hungry hippos against a deer 
-
paul tibbets: american hero 
-
hillary plays the victim card 
-
congress takes a holiday 
-
john edwards the tax king
-
thirsty in atlanta 
-
harry reid says global warming caused the california fires 
-
bill clinton's 9/11 conspiracy hecklers
-
hillary clinton's chinese money
-
wayne madsen or walrus?
-
john wayne gacy was a democrat
-
randi rhodes "attack" sounds like a "blackout"; kos spikes their post
-
randi rhodes' 14 ketel onebloody marys
-
randi rhodes better put some ice on that
-
al oertwig: surfed for adult erotica
-
jimmy cater knows u.s. uses torture
-
al gore's towering inferno
-
columbus day redux
-
kate parry says bye bye
-
pediatricians encourage children to tattle on mom and dad
-
no smoking ban leadsto drop in business
-
dan sutton sued
-
john edwards is asissy and a chickenhawk
-
flaming object over minnesota sky
-
china recalls democrat presidential candidates for unsafe lead content
-
non smokers flood bars, nightclubs (not so much)
-
hillary health care, $5,000 for babies
-
phony soldier phony outrage
-
big chubby baby
-
folsom street fair mocks last supper
-
my dinner with phil spector
-
james dobson is waiting for godot
-
hillary's space age health care
-
fraudulent hsu
-
hugo chavez has his own time zone
-
congress hits 11% approval rating
-
jimmy cater and zbigniew brzezinski secretly funded islamic terrorists
-
sally field, the flying nutt
-
the dnc pays me a visit
-
hand washing etiquette drops
-
mike gravel: you are fat and dumb
-
chaska, minnesota is the nanny state
-
general david petraeus is a half-witted four star freak
-
man hands pelosi
-
democrat's dirty oil money scandal
-
hillary clinton'swilling suspension of disbelief
-
bin laden video and translation
-
general betray us: the left digs deep into the gutter
-
bin laden speech translated
-
norman hsu arrested
-
a perfect day of terrorism
-
norman hsu has left the building
-
piers morgan gets segway karma
-
glaad is so saad
-
we need another malaise
-
hillary's dirty hsu money
-
submit, convert or die
-
randi rhodes obsessed with gay sex
-
more adventures of when liberals cannibalize their own
-
ed schultz attacks larry craig's wife
-
john edwards wantsyou to give up your suv
-
network news am programsfavor democrats
-
lisa nowak pleads insanity
-
fidel castro endorses hillary clinton and osama obama
-
keith olberwiener sheds crocodile tears for michael vick
-
bill clinton didn't try too hard to kill osama bin laden
-
progress in iraq meansregress for democrats
-
alberto gonzales resigns, lefties celebrate hollow victory
-
garrison keillor did not write this
-
sarkozy physique photoshopped
-
hillary clinton upsets lefty pacifists
-
congress popularity plummets
-
nicole richie serves more time in jail than ted kennedy
-
john kerry appears innew york times crossword
-
john edwards doesn't know cuban health care is government-run system
-
flight 93 memorial crescent symbol still under criticism
-
chris dodds' fly
-
ball buster
-
god, allah; fanatic islam incrementalism
-
john edwards was for predatory sub-prime lending before he was against it
-
i-35w: a pretty bridge with chocolate syrup and sprinkles on top
-
jerome armstrong fined$30,000 by sec
-
barack obama the baby killer
-
nasa lied about global warming
-
haditha chargesdropped for two marines
-
cindy sheehan to run for congress
-
mike gravel: "the spartans trained their people to be homosexual."
-
dem says i-35w bridge collapsed because due to global warming
-
osama fonda strangelove
-
john edwards paid $800,000 from harper collins aka fox
-
i-35w update: is mndot to blame
-
hillary clinton booed by kos
-
democrats vote to expand fisa law
-
gwen stefani succumbsto radical islam
-
john murtha is the pork king
-
hillary's cleavage house visit
-
blazing barack
-
i 35w bridge collapses
-
king john edwards funded by super wealthy attorneys
-
democrats want to spy on you
-
obama's illegal war in pakistan
-
john murtha calls success and progress in iraq "illusions."
-
hillary clinton's marxist letters
-
hillary clinton will be the next president
-
hillary clinton is top dog
-
robert byrd still a kkk member
-
dems continue supporting terrorists
-
chilean sea bass confronts al gore
-
barack obama says genocide is really no big deal
-
john kerry denies vietnam bloodbaths
-
hillary's cleavage
-
democrats support flying imams
-
nahoul bee replaces fafour mouse
-
valerie plame lawsuit dismissed
-
al gore serves endangered species at daughter's wedding
-
daily kos silences cindy sheehan
-
rich celebrities majority donors to franken senate campaign
-
senate democrats' slumber party
-
krauthammer gets it, keillor doesn't 
-
cindy sheen takes on nanny pelosi
-
apple iphone criticized
-
al gore's carbon consuming live earth
-
al zawahiri incites jihad
-
john edwards' $1,250 haircut
-
al gore iii busted for drugs, speeding
-
democrat flow chart to 2008 victory
-
farfour, hamas mouse dies: obituary
-
democrat nafta hypocrisy
-
pelosi popularity plummets
-
stick a fork in immigration
-
john edwards the sissy
-
bong hits for jesus
-
liberal radio: no one listens
-
a bumpy and satanic week
-
minnesota department of health delays cancer study
-
anti-vet group excluded from parade
-
drunkies metzen, mondale, rukavina and bergson party like it's 1999
-
tony soprano alive and well
-
ledbetter v goodyear overrated
-
joe klein bites liberals
-
john edwards' homophobia continued
-
paris hilton serves more jail time than ted kennedy 
-
ted kennedy's no child left behind 
-
democrats construct another vietnam
-
murtha madness neverending saga
-
muslims threaten to behead women
-
jfk terror plot thwarted
-
tommorrow, tommorrow and tommorrow
-
fat-man arcade game
-
hoo-ray for ugly feet season!
-
tick boy cluck schumer
-
minneapolis handles panhandlers
-
smoker's island
-
cluck schumer fakes lyme disease
-
john edwards the homophobe
-
al franken explains wild rice
-
keith ellison: "don't worry, be happy."
-
jim metzen, dems drive drunk
-
bee and butterfly are gay
-
minnesota oppressescigarette smokers
-
jimmy carter: worst president ever
-
murtha madness multiplies
-
dems showcase their hatred
-
al franken explains his unpopularity
-
happy mothers day
-
fun with ed schultz audio
-
ted mondale drives drunk
-
homegrown terrorists?thank bill and hillary clinton
-
pulse flatlines
-
chris matthews, dumbass
-
of planes and broomsticks
-
al franken explains ice fishing
-
cluck schumer grandstands
-
curious george tenet
-
cluck schumer against civil wars
-
john edwards has no moral leader
-
murtha madness
-
andy rooney on nappy hos
-
the left exploits the tillman family
-
al franken explains duluth, mn
-
the return of auntie remus
-
harry reid tapdances on abortion
-
dan "uncle pervy" sutton
-
v tech: there isn't always an answer
-
al franken explains hockey
-
v tech, guns and the 2nd amendment
-
polar bear cub knut faces fatwah
-
imus, hos and hillary
-
big gay al oertwig
-
islam vs islamist
-
don imus and duke lacrosse
-
obama's ethics violation
-
john kerry the deer crawler
-
did bush lie about iraq?
-
mitt romney's hunting career
-
al franken explains alfalfa
-
sharia law in the u.s.
-
peep mohammed
-
diane feinsten's hypocritical and independent military appropriations 
-
debunking 9-11 melted steel
-
great democrat dog & pony shows 
-
al franken explains taconite
-
special public service announcement
-
democrat pork
-
auntie remus
-
government intervention in everything
-
al gore: fuel hog
-
al franken's good-bye to christy harvey
-
ed schultz's on-air meltdown
-
pelosi's travel resolved
-
al franken's cocaine hypocrisy
-
al franken's big adventure
-
another lib trashes the troops
-
kerry: the sitcom
-
dan sutton:south dakota's uncle pervy
-
hillary wants to chat
-
nix the nhl shoot-out
-
the gerald ford tapes
-
the 2006 lpos awards
-
chris lavoie cd 4: husky boy!
-
obama's big ears
-
msm wants its own you tube
-
bill clinton's hypocritical face of aids
-
obama the cigarette smoker
-
g.i. john kerry
-
dems don't deplore terrorism
-
terrorists prefer democrats
-
dems steal narrow election
-
howard dean's 2006election chalkboard
-
john kerry: a study in elitism
-
jim webb's deviant novels
-
radio's rotting corpse returns
-
moore eats pelican eating a pigeon
-
harry reid: stayin' at the ritz!
-
chris lavoie cd 3: hey!
-
what's the matter with murtha?
-
hillary clinton joins body worlds exhibit
-
o'frankenfailure's bankruptcy comments
-
airhead america files bankruptcy
-
harry reid realty
-
celebrate weakness!
-
keith olbermann lousy in bed
-
the kimmy & madeline show # 2
-
happy columbus day!
-
sean hannity inanity
-
pelosi comes marching home
-
dick weed on terrorism
-
al o'frankenfailure smear merchant
-
chris lavoie cd 2: yea!
-
bill clinton, somalia & bin laden
-
bill clinton unhinged
-
where were these protestors
-
lies bill clinton told me
-
the path to censoring abc
-
dick weed: episode one
-
why nancy pelosi smiles
-
mars has ice
-
ketchup man & ketchup boy
-
you're a fascist!
-
hillary or bust!
-
absolut mork
-
joe who?
-
inflatable hillary doll
-
wankathon wears weary
-
bigfoot in oklahoma
-
mel gibson dui a karl rove plot
-
how to negotiate with terrorists
-
lady in the white house
-
guess that mouth!
-
mountain lion vs mankind
-
the kimmy & madeline show # 1
-
allah egg - tony randall roll
-
the chris lavoie cd
-
night of the living dems
-
hillzilla
-
waking ned lamont
-
an inconvenient bbq
-
mayor rybak needs help
-
liar-oh's
-
grandma is a socialist 
-
bill clinton's legacy of stench 
-
kerry celebrates loss!
-
thom hartmann's word games
-
andy rooney on dan rather 
-
why is america hated?
-
john murtha: old coot
-
who labored for that?
-
dems celebrate loss
-
the omen
-
global warming takes toll on gore
-
draw that pig
-
send in the trolls
-
ten tips for bush
-
undergore: the adventure continues
-
the adventures of undergore
-
wiretap schmiretap: part 2
-
wiretap schmiretap: part 1
-
good bye, louis rukeyser
-
airhead americaopoly
-
david brooks: multiculturalism satire?
-
mckinney mountain
-
medicinal pot? "not!"
-
spot the heckler!
-
minnesota vs wal mart
-
united 93: too soon?
-
the left: limiting free speech
-
prairie dog protest
-
cowgirls don't wear glasses
-
u.s. navy 1 - pirates 0
-
clintonopoly
-
mrssatan:  the anointed one
-
pull our troops out of iraq
-
heist suspect...?
-
democratic 2008 nominee revealed
-
hunting 101
-
hamas: will they play ball?
-
earth to harry reid
-
mrssatan recalibrates
-
bi polar: no excuse
-
brokeback mountain: the untold story
-
jellyfish
-
zho
-
andy rooney: negro is a good word
-
tele-liberals
-
petvitra
-
i don't like spam
-
turd kennedy
-
the billgina monologues
-
srebrenica remembered
-
london bombings
-
la behemoth
-
bill moyers: still nipping at whine
-
senate chambers
-
agreeing to disagree
-
today i am a liberal!
-
fatwah, foie gras, faux pas
-
the klansman
-
gorezilla
-
katherine lanpher dui
-
separated at birth?

-

-
blog search engines
google
blog dex
blog wise
blog street
ice rocket
blog catalog
blog universe
blogs against hillary
-
blog stock market
blog shares
-

newspapers
united states
                  anchorage daily news
new york daily news
albany ny times union
new york post
new york sun
new jersey on line
birmingham business journal
new hampshire gazette
burlington vt free press
connecticut post
press herald-maine
dover post
boston globe
baltimore sun
philadelphia news daily
providence rhode island journal
detroit free press
cincinnati enquirer
chicago sun times
oshkosh west
chicago daily herald
duluth news tribune
west central tribune
grand forks herald
minot daily news
denver post
des moines register
racine journal times
milwaukee journal sentinel
helena independent-record
the missoulian
kentucky post
houston chronicle
dallas morning news
virginia pilot
huntington wv news net
the state journal
the greenville news
myrtle beach online
tampa tribune
miami herald
florida times union
key west citizen
new orleans times-picayune
baton rouge advocate
casper star tribune
sun herald
arizona republic
albuquerque tribune
l.a. daily news
canyon news
san francisco chronicle
fresno bee
desert morning news slc
salt lake city tribune
the oregonian
seattle post-intelligencer
las vegas review journal
honolulu star-bulletin

world
ottawa citizen
agency brazil
buenos aires herald
news 24 south africa
sierra leone all africa
palava hut-liberia
new delhi hindustan times
bangladesh observer
jakarta post
myanmar times
iceland news
italian news in english
corriere della sera (italian news in english)
aftenposten norway
copenhagen post
newsroom finland
nrc handelsblad dutch
neue zurcher zeitung swiss news in english
german news
leta-latvian news agency
liechtenstein news service
news lithuania
luxembourg news
serbia-montenegro tanjung official news agency
slovenia press agency
malta independent
cyprus mail
turkish daily news
athens news agency
budapest sun
gibraltar chronicle
guardian unlimited
times online
the glasgow herald
the scotsman
evening telegraph
the irish times
the irish independent
the belfast telegraph
south wales evening post
the czech prague post
portugal news
moscow times
pravda
baku today-azerbaijan
pakistan observer
egypt daily news
lebanon wire
jerusalem post
iran va jahan
iran press
kabul afghanistan press
saudi arabia gazette
palestine news agency
the qatar peninsula
guadalajara reporter
prensa latina cuba
cuba free press
the panama news
falkland island merco press
aruba news
belize times
belize free press
belize guardian
sydney morning herald
canberra times
new zeland herald
solomon island star
japan times
the standard - hong kong
china xinhua news
people's daily (china)
taipei daily times
singapore straits times
south korea seoul times
north korea news agency
phnom penh post
lao news agency
manila times
yokwe-marshall islands


-

-


-


-

-

-


 archives

-
  
february 2005march 2005april 2005may 2005june 2005july 2005august 2005september 2005october 2005november 2005december 2005january 2006february 2006march 2006april 2006may 2006june 2006july 2006august 2006september 2006october 2006november 2006december 2006january 2007february 2007march 2007april 2007may 2007june 2007july 2007august 2007september 2007october 2007november 2007december 2007january 2008february 2008march 2008april 2008may 2008june 2008july 2008august 2008september 2008october 2008november 2008december 2008january 2009february 2009march 2009april 2009may 2009june 2009july 2009august 2009september 2009october 2009november 2009december 2009


-

-

-

-

-

-

-
twin cities weather

-
chicago weather

-
colorado springs weather

-
duluth mn, superior wi weather

-
sacramento weather

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

   

