


all about louis moreau gottschalk (1829-1869): his life and times and music...
















































































news alert: louis moreau gottschalk's legendary notes of a pianist are finally back in print (princeton university press, 2006)welcome to www.louismoreaugottschalk.com
this website is dedicated to the american composer and pianist-virtuoso louis moreau gottschalk (1829-1869). in recent years, there has been a steady growth of interest in gottschalk´s music, and it is hoped that this website will help promote his music as well as provide information about his rather turbulent career.
- advertisement - 



traditionally, gottschalk is remembered as a virtuoso, as well as a prolific composer of popular (and, so it is said, quite often rather sentimental) music. while there may be some truth in this statement, it is our belief that there is more to gottschalk and his music than just that. as one of his biographers has put it, gottschalk was “both an arch-romantic and a rationalist, a sentimentalist and a pragmatist, at once america´s first regionalist composer, its first multiculturalist, and its first true nationalist.”
gottschalk was also the first and, one might well argue, possibly the last pan-american composer and artist. not only did he travel frequently outside the united states, as did, by necessity, most virtuoso pianists at the time; he also lived in south america and the caribbean for extended periods of time, incorporating, without prejudice but with critical judgment, many local influences and musical traditions. he also was politically outspoken on issues such as slavery and the civil war, and while a true american patriot, he did not spare his countrymen acrimonious criticism whenever he deemed it appropriate.
this website will continue to grow so as to provide as complete and concise an account of gottschalk´s life and his music as possible. we also intend to provide an up-to-date documentation of books on gottschalk and a discography of recordings of his music (concentrating on cds and recordings that are currently available rather than on historic sources). to the extent that the books and cds featured on this website are available, we provide direct links to online sources (in association with amazon.com, amazon.de, and amazon.co.uk). we encourage you to order music and literature by using the links provided for each title or recording, or (if no individual link is available) by logging on to amazon via one of the general amazon links on this website.
if you have comments or suggestions concerning this website, feel free to let us know by sending an email to info2@louismoreaugottschalk.com.note on the title banner: the banner combines elements of latin american colonial architecture, 19th-century american street life, and tropical scenery. the title banner and texts featured on this website are all (c) 2001 by axel gelfert unless specified otherwise. cd and book covers, and amazon logos, courtesy of amazon.com. amazon is a registered trademark. it has not been possible to confirm the origin of all the historic photographs, paintings, sketches and scans featured on this website; if you have evidence that there might be a case of copyright infringement, please contact the webmaster at any of the louismoreaugottschalk.com addresses given on this site. misuse of email addresses given on this website, e.g. by spamming or junk mail, is forbidden and will be prosecuted. disclaimer: while every effort has been made to ensure the availability of links and the acceptability of linked websites, we cannot accept any responsibility for linked content outside this website. we cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided on any page of this website. | last update of content: 28 september 2001. www.louismoreaugottschalk.com is a participant in the amazon eu associates programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.co.uk and amazon.de - 01/11/2012. sat preparation books - reduced, at rock-bottom prices; all you need for the s.a.t. test










  amazon.com widgets
 














 [home]  [biography]  [books]  [discography] 









[links]











(c) 2001 by axel gelfert









