



otto's shrunken head













































































































get otto's swag and mugs, or send an otto's gift e-gift cardon our merch page
a small group of native new yorkers and one pittsburghian got together in early 2002 and decided that new york city did not have a decent tiki bar since the demise of hawaii kai in times square and the destruction of trader vic's at the plaza hotel by ivana trump. they approached their friend and fellow tiki afficianado/club owner deb parker (owner of beauty bar & barmacy) about buying barmacy and transforming it into new york city's own little tiki oasis. thus with her blessing and the blessings of all the south sea gods, otto's shrunken head opened in the summer of 2002. the goal was to bring the laid back island vibe of the south pacific to new york city. manhattan is after all, an island.
otto's is a new interpretation of the tiki bar, mixing traditional tiki decor and potent rum based concoctions with live bands and djs resulting in nyc's premier rock-n-roll tiki joint.
we welcome private and corporate parties as well as music industry showcases. we are also available for photo and tv/film shoots. contact us at: ottosinfo@gmail.com for rates and information.
although not really a live music venue in the traditional sense otto's quickly became a fixture in the east village music scene hosting an incredibly diverse group of bands playing everything from lounge/exotica, rockabilly, punk, country, rock, garage, metal, surf and acoustic/singer/songwriter.
however, we are not just limited to live music. we've got great djs throughout the week, we also host a variety of open mics, spoken word/poetry, literary readings, film screenings and have a monthly live band karaoke night. although we don't serve food at otto's, we've been known to host a bbq or two during the summer and have had a few cooking contests as well.
bands, performers or promoters interested in doing something at otto's can contact us at: ottosinfo@gmail.com.
follow us on facebook, twitter, and instagram
        to see recent pics and get event updates.

website by lundo
 




