






uk running track directory









search

                    this site


powered

                    by freefind


 
uk track list



gb map 



london map



old tracks



query

                tracks



questionnaire



help



credits



contact



links



uk

                athletics club website directory



pickett's lock



birmingham (outdoor)



birmingham (indoor)



cardiff (outdoor)



cardiff (indoor)



crystal palace



gateshead



glasgow (outdoor)



glasgow (indoor)



manchester
                  (indoor)



sheffield






uk running track directory
 
contains 
            	comprehensive details on all the 600+ tracks in the uk

                includes latest track certification
          		details. see also uka
          		info.



 



latest news


 3 jan - new track at winchester    15 jan - lee valley athletics centre offically opened on 16th jan 2007 click for more    3 aug - litherland - new track    31 jul - new track recently opened in stratford-upon-avon     31 jul - new track in sandy near biggleswade scheduled to open in august 2005.    31 jul - linford christie stadium due to officially reopen on 4th sept 2005    20 mar - crawley track due to be demolished and resited about a mile away     6 oct - morfa stadium, swansea demolished!     30 sep - new track due to open in ilkeston shortly    20 sep - new track due to open in haverfordwest shortly    10 sep - tommy clay track in boston nearing completion    22 jul - reading track open again after hole caused by chalk extraction in the 17th century has been fixed!    9 jun - loughborough's indoor straight now open    21 jan - indoor straight at birmingham alexander stadium now open.    21 jan - indoor 200m track at sport city, manchester now open     19 jan - mondo from city of manchester stadium now installed indoors at nottingham. pics to follow.    1 jan - new track at brunel university   

track diagrams
the site contains information on the field event and steeplechase facilities
        at each track and, where possible, is presented in
        the form of a track diagram - please click here for
        an example. the number of tracks surveyed to date is growing fast but a diagram of
        your local track would be much appreciated.
        contact details are here.
pictures
there are now pictures of over 450 tracks on the site with new pictures being added
        regularly. if you have any spare photos (preferably
        electronic ones) for use on the site these would be most welcome.



the uk running track directory is hosted by and
is the copyright of tim grose


