





















irish night merry ploughboys show
























+

homebookingsshuttlemenucontactmerchandisegalleryfaq





              © 2024 merry ploughboys
              
0







merry ploughboy irish night





















a pub owned and run by traditional musicians








buy show ticketsinitial
enquirydinner menu
"the show the locals love to recommend"



uniquely: the show takes place at the only pub in ireland owned by traditional musicians who perform at every show

    








about the showall-ireland award winning event.voted "best traditional dinner/entertainment event in ireland" 2017, 2018 & 2019. the pub has also been voted "music pub of the year in ireland".excellent pre show dinnerarrival time is from 6.30pm. we have a full choice dinner menu for guests to choose from on the night. shuttle transfer option.our shuttle picks up from two stops in dublin city centre. the shuttle can be booked along with your tickets, subject to availability. the shuttle departs shortly after the show ends. the pub remains open after the show. famous traditional showthe merry ploughboy pub traditional night show is widely regarded as the best traditional dinner & show and also as a must see for any visitors to dublin city.  the show been awarded the “best irish night show” in ireland, on numerous occasions. 

your evening commences with a three-course meal of excellent irish home-cooking featuring typical irish dishes.   this is followed by a highly entertaining, informative and authentic performance of fast-paced traditional irish songs, music and irish dancing. 

from start to finish, this is a show based on fantastic interaction between the performers and the audience. with abundant wit and humour, the band takes you on a journey through the songs, ballads and music of ireland.  this is a very lively and upbeat performance that will have your toes tapping from beginning to end.  midway through the show, all-ireland champion irish dancers perform a specially commissioned show of intricate irish step dancing.  set in a 200 year old heritage pub, this is a very popular venue so you can expect all the charm and bustle of a busy irish pub.  often described as a highlight of any visit to dublin.



























book and 
pay nowno printer required. your tickets will be emailed to you.
make initial enquirystill finalising your date or number of people? have additional questions? please use our online enquiry form.






buy show tickets





initial
enquiry
the merry ploughboy irish nightthe merry ploughboy pubedmondstown roadrockbrookrathfarnhamd16 hk02dublinireland



© 2024 merry ploughboys










