


profound gibberish































i moved!

0 comments



					published by angel
					on saturday, april 30, 2011 at 6:30:00 pm.		




it's been a while since i moved over to angelinebhavya.wordpress.com. i don't know how much profundity or gibberish i am letting out right now, but do hop over and find out!




arbit

13 comments



					published by angel
					on sunday, february 25, 2007 at 12:06:00 am.		




i read a quote the other day, by martina navratilova, and it said "go out there, and do what you gotta do."is it just me, or has someone heard this said before?i like the simplicity and the rawness of this quote, but is it really a 'quote' in that it's a phrase we all have heard at some point in our lives? but as a friend told me the other day, as long as they aren't quoting paris hilton's 'that's hot!', it is tolerable.i stop by again at the water cooler for a (surprise) glass of water. and as i gulp it down, i look at the map of the floor i work in, with a complicated colour-coded plan to exit in case of an emergency like a fire. and of course, it says 'don't panic'.i think, in case of a fire, even the calmest person would not completely panic till he/she saw this map, and would freak out trying to look for the 'you are here' and then pass out before he/she figures out how to get out.i was in a bus the other day, and there was this large lady who seemed like she could bully anybody if she wanted to. she occupied most of the seat she was in, and fumbled around with two mobile phones. finally she called somebody, and within a few minutes, in the loudest voice, started talking in baby-ese. you know, how one talks to a baby? she was really loud and the whole bus had to pretend they didn't hear her. i, of course, could not hold on any longer, and so increased the volume of the music i was listening to. but hear her, i could. and i looked at another lady, who was a just about to explode with laughter, and i was just about managing the same, and she looked at me, and we burst out at once. fortunately, babytalker didn't hear us.if you think this post is random, you probably haven't seen some of the communities on orkut. yes, you hate that place. you are on it, aren't you?of course you are. 




changed

13 comments



					published by angel
					on sunday, december 03, 2006 at 8:36:00 pm.		




"have a great week, we'll see you next sunday. god be with you."lynn woke up from her seat, looking around for familiar faces, as the crowd walked out of church. everyone headed for the food stalls right outside, where homemade lemon tarts and brownies waited for the mob. being quite shy, lynn waited for somebody, anybody to come up and talk to her. she fiddled around with her mobile phone, looking through the phonebook, reading old messages in her inbox. every now and then, she looked up. she waved at a few folks, who smiled at her as they left the building. time to leave, she thought, as she munched away at her brownie. suddenly she felt small hands clinging to her waist. looking down, she saw a little girl, with bright eyes and an infectious smile. quite alarmed, lynn looked around to see who this kid's parents were. when she couldn't find them, she looked back at the girl, who was still holding on to her."hi!" said lynn."hi!!!""what's your name?" asked lynn, smiling, as she pointed at the little girl's nose."mira!"  came the loud reply, as if the girl had just realised that her name was indeed a nice one."mira! so where's mummy and daddy?""no mummy, no daddy" said mira, still smiling away."oh..." lynn was now uncomfortable, not knowing what to say next.as if she read her mind, mira went on."i live at orphanage!!" she shrieked, and nodded, to say it was a lovely place.they met again the next sunday."auntie!!!" mira screamed as she ran towards lynn and hugged her tight. lynn melted instantly and hugged her back."i have to go! bye!" mira ran, holding her friend's hands.one sunday, lynn was greeted with a familiar hug, this time along with a question."why you not come last week??"lynn smiled, very surprised that little mira had sensed her absence.these days, lynn walks out of church, and looks for a pair of bright eyes. and smiles as soon as the spots them. sometimes she's the one asking for a hug from the little one, when mira forgets to promptly deliver them.







search






about me

name:  angel 
location:  india 
the reason angels can fly is because they take themselves lightly. ~g.k. chesterton
view my complete profile
recent rants

i moved!
arbit
changed
how to win blogs and influence bloggers
mindfreak
more gibberish cometh!!
daydreaming
soulmate tag, angel style
musicology
the price of a tag!!!


vintage gibberish

november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
july 2006
september 2006
december 2006
february 2007
april 2011


profundity elsewhere...


the madhouse maniacs
shrutz in b-school!
amit: still insane!
vignesh saar's firsht blaag
loonie's tunes
verbal diarrhoea 3d!
sahil: free speech for the dumb 
swaroop: the dreamer
neil: catch-22
hyena: is he still laughing?
blogsphere's favourite midget!
sagnik's still confused!
grafxgurl: whatta nerd!!
savi's timepass philosophy
pliss don't be pissed!
bronzmash's life & times





 xml




 


	powered by blogger                                                                                                                                                                               & blogger templates

profound gibberish © angel


 
people come here?



