

the curia


the curia:


(latin plural curiae) . . . broadly used to designate an assembly, council, or court, in which public, official, or religious issues are discussed and decided. 




in noblesse oblige, the witty nancy mitford dragged out an ancient skeleton from
the cupboard, and enabled us to study - and even be amused by - a subject that had
hitherto, by tacit consent, been considered unmentionable.


---h.b. brooks-baker, from u & non-u revisited




 curial discussion sections: 

section ranking is done from smallest section to largest, by count of articles plus references.

varied other --- 6 items     class --- 16 items     religion --- 54 items    politics --- 83 items   administration --- 90 items



making movies
additionally get discussed by the collective macavity over on that other page.




currently his eminence isn't here, but you can leave a message.



varied other

various and assorted that don't quite manage to fit in the rest . . .



have you seen my missing book?

in honor of valentines
day, or any similar day.

living with cats

the oddyssey, by homer*

on three parts of the sca
(society for creative anachronism)

a slimmed-down pavarotti sings with youthful vigor
   

class---other social class related recommended reading


how the upper, middle, and lower classes are.  and.

how everyone in the 21st century chooses his or her own class in
america and a few other places as well.  and.

how everyone shares the basic acknowledgment and awareness that the peon . . .
 which may also be known as the 
(yuppy, yobbo, yob, upscale, underclass, trendy, sloane, sapeur, pretentious,  preppy, plebeian, plebe, pimp, [ neighborhood based street gang ], ned, lad, [ insert relevant slang or code name here ], hoi polloi, hipster, gatsby, fraternity/sorority, fail, douche, douchebag, chav, bro),

 . . . absolutely, demonstrably, and vehemently has no taste, no style, no wisdom, and keeps him or herself both beneath, and a plague to be solved by, we who are adult and functioning.


elegant vs "upscale"

the elite master

marionettes


on film, tasteless fad,
and fashion, 

or, 
how the nineteen-empties
became the undoubted, bar nothing, butt-ugliest decade of the entire
20th century.


patrician or peon


the powerful and the weak and the deluded 


quality,
the direct opposite of "upscale", plebeian, tacky, tasteless, tawdry,
the lowest of the middle class, preppy/yuppy type . . .


tea




other social class related recommended reading:

class
by jilly cooper


class:
a guide through the american status system  by paul fussell


congo-paris:
transnational traders on the margins of the law by janet macgaffey


juniors and heavies, from breaking
through, selling out, dropping dead and other notes on filmmaking
by william bayer


noblesse oblige: an enquiry into the identifiable characteristics of the english aristocracy by nancy mitford


ornamentalism: how the british saw their empire by david cannadine


the
rise and fall of class in britain by david cannadine


u
& non-u revisited
 edited by richard buckle


watching
the english: the hidden rules of english behaviour
 by kate fox




religion---other recommended religious reading
and not religion. and both. and neither. and all of the above. and none
of the above.

---do remember that mere "faith"
is not an actual personal religious practice and that an actual personal religious practice is never mere faith.  
religion is and will always be religion, where faith remains that collection of fantasy which one discusses separately from religion.  

faith will always be limited to looking like that part of mathematics which deals with "random", "innumerable", "variable", and "as many totally separate examples as there are those to profess".  such is why the number of possible schisms in any mere organized faith is at least equal to the number of faithful.

a personal religious practice always comes out ahead of any spasm of mere faith, no matter how organized that mere faith or how many people get involved or how long any are involved.  this is because religion is an issue of personal awareness and experience, and faith is merely a vague hope that some general idea might someday acquire some validity or actuality.
seeing, contrary to popular wisdom, isn't believing. it's where belief stops, because it isn't needed anymore.

---terry pratchett, pyramids
71-hour ahmed was not superstitious. he was substitious, which put him in a minority among humans. he didn't believe in the things everyone believed in but which nevertheless weren't true. he believed instead in the things that were true in which no one else believed. 

---terry pratchett, jingo


the personal religious practice of an individual is always going to be an example of the story where mark twain is reported to have been asked if he believed in infant baptism.  his reply is reported to have been:  believe in it?  hell, i've seen it done!



the buddha-dharma,
advertising, and reality


comments on koans. 


cucumber monk: the record of the life and teachings of wu-ming from an anonymous or unknown writer, posted here by cassiel c. macavity


an overview of the
buddha-dharma---a work in progress, and a really large file


science and
religion, and mere faith. 


a simple guide to the abrahamic faiths. 


shinto and buddhism, plumbing and carpentry. 


zen sisyphus




other recommended religious reading:
the first church
of the last laugh

the world's oldest religion. the world's largest church. 

a lite religion with 150 per cent less dogma. only one high holy day
and april 1st is it!

loch kelly


 shift into freedom: the science and practice of open-hearted awareness by loch kelly


stephen batchelor


after buddhism: rethinking the dharma for a secular age  by stephen batchelor


the hero with a thousand faces by joseph campbell


the world's religions by huston smith


ikkyu
1394-1481.


bankei
yotaku 1622-1693.


eckhart tolle
1948-.




zen wrapped in karma dipped in chocolate: a trip through death, sex,
divorce, and spiritual celebrity in search of the true dharma  by
brad warner


a year in the life of a shinto shrine by john k. nelson



the unborn: the life and teachings of zen master bankei, 1622-1693 by bankei (author) , norman waddell (translator, introduction) 



to meet the real dragon by gudo nishijima with jeffrey bailey



time for a change by richard bandler



that's funny, you don't look buddhist: on being a faithful jew and a passionate buddhist by sylvia boorstein



the structure of magic ii: a book about communication and change by richard bandler and john grinder



the structure of magic, vol. 1: a book about language and therapy by richard bandler and john grinder


shinto practice for non-japanese by david chart



 shift into freedom: the science and practice of open-hearted awareness by loch kelly



sit down and shut up: punk rock commentaries on buddha, god, truth, sex,
death, and dogen's treasury of the right dharma eye by
brad warner


shinto, the kami way by sokyo ono



sex, sin, and zen: a buddhist exploration of sex from celibacy to polyamory
and everything in between  by brad warner



richard bandler's guide to trance-formation: how to harness the power of hypnosis to ignite effortless and lasting change by richard bandler



practicing the power of now: essential teachings, meditations, and exercises from the power of now by eckhart tolle



the power of now by eckhart tolle



the octavo: a sorcerer-scientist's grimoire  by peter j. carroll



a new earth: awakening to your life's purpose  by eckhart tolle



more instant self-hypnosis: "hypnotize yourself as you read"   by forbes robbins blair



living with the devil  by stephen batchelor


the jew in the lotus by rodger kamenetz


japan's holy war by walter skya



it's easier than you think: the buddhist way to happiness  by sylvia boorstein


an introduction to shinto by david chart



instant self-hypnosis: how to hypnotize yourself with your eyes open  by forbes robbins blair



how to fail at almost everything and still win big: kind of the story of my life by scott adams



hardcore zen: a website with assorted comments, basically on zen by brad warner



hardcore zen: punk rock, monster movies, & the truth about reality by brad warner



god's debris: a thought experiment by scott adams



the gateless gate by koun yamada



frogs into princes: neuro linguistic programming  by richard bandler and john grinder


explaining shinto by david chart



confession of a buddhist atheist by stephen batchelor



buddhism without beliefs: a contemporary guide to awakening by stephen batchelor



buddhism plain and simple by steve hagen



buddhism is not what you think: finding freedom beyond beliefs by steve
hagen



bankei zen: translations from the record of bankei  by yoshito hakeda, peter haskel, and mary farkas



against the stream: a buddhist manual for spiritual revolutionaries by noah levine



after buddhism: rethinking the dharma for a secular age  by stephen batchelor



advanced magick for beginners by alan chapman


politics---other recommended political reading
. . . well, actually, money, or more specifically, tactical economics
and why administrators decide what to do. 


about being conservative:  because "the right" is as complete a failure as "the left"


apples and granite and just regular playing cards


castor and pollux


child abuse, alcoholism,
enlightenment


clueless


conservative and liberal


four phases of immigration, with an emphasis on asian americans in the united states. 


khublai khan/chinggis khan 


a new cause!


on a constitution for an
independent scotland


once more, from the bottom


on the private ownership of
firearms


political orientation is always much more than mere left or right.


the u.s. mortgage fiasco, the 2011 english riots, and occupy wall street, all made simple and easy

an interesting offsite link; 
the political compass



on 2003/04/20, the cardinal got a result of economic left/right: 0.00
authoritarian/libertarian: -4.26

on an other hand, some of the questions are quite ambiguous, and one of
them to be ambiguous to the point of being unanswerable.


on 2016/06/10, the cardinal got a result of economic left/right: -0.88
authoritarian/libertarian: -3.64

still on an other hand, some of the questions are quite ambiguous, and still one of
them to be ambiguous to the point of being unanswerable.


other recommended political reading:

capitalism - the gift that keeps on taking: part i
capitalism - the gift that keeps on taking: part ii
capitalism - the gift that keeps on taking: part iii
capitalism - the gift that keeps on taking: part iv by michael gene sullivan


charlie wilson's war: the extraordinary story of the largest covert operation in history by peter drucker


discworld by terry pratchett. 
books listed here in story chronological order. 


(1) small gods --- 
(2) the colour of magic --- 
(3) the light fantastic --- 
(4) equal rites --- 
(5) mort --- 
(6) sourcery --- 
(7) wyrd sisters --- 
(8) pyramids --- 
(9) guards! guards! --- 
(10) eric --- 
(11) moving pictures --- 
(12) reaper man --- 
(13) witches abroad --- 
(14) lords and ladies --- 
(15) men at arms --- 
(16) soul music --- 
(17) interesting times --- 
(18) maskerade --- 
(19) feet of clay --- 
(20) hogfather --- 
(21) jingo --- 
(22) the last continent --- 
(23) carpe jugulum --- 
(24) the fifth elephant --- 
(25) the truth --- 
(26) thief of time --- 
(27) the last hero --- 
(28) the amazing maurice and his educated rodents --- 
(29) night watch --- 
(30) the wee free men --- 
(31) monstrous regiment --- 
(32) a hat full of sky --- 
(33) going postal --- 
(34) thud! --- 
(35) wintersmith --- 
(36) making money --- 
(37) unseen academicals --- 
(38) i shall wear midnight --- 
(39) snuff --- 
(40) raising steam --- 
(41) the shepherd's crown.



freedom's forge: how american business produced victory in world war ii by arthur herman



how the scots invented the modern world: the true story of how western europe's poorest nation created our world & everything in it by arthur herman



the human side of enterprise, annotated edition by douglas mcgregor



the invisible hook: the hidden economics of pirates by peter leeson


managing for results  by peter drucker


the
radical center: the future of american politics by ted halstead and
michael lind


up the organization: how to stop the corporation from stifling people and strangling profits (j-b warren bennis series) by robert townsend


 understand? good. play! words of consequence by masaaki hatsumi and benjamin cole


what got you here won't get you there by marshall goldsmith


circus
world by barry longyear


ornamentalism: how the british saw their empire by david cannadine


small colonial war by robert a. frezza 
(1) a small colonial war --- 
(2) fire in a faraway place --- 
(3) cain's land.


sten by allan cole and chris bunch 
(1) sten --- 
(2) the wolf worlds --- 
(3) the court of a thousand suns --- 
(4) fleet of the damned --- 
(5) revenge of the damned --- 
(6) return of the emperor --- 
(7) vortex --- 
(8) empire's end --- 
(and) the sten cookbook: from the novel series by bunch & cole.


yes minister, book one 
the complete yes minister: the diaries of a cabinet minister  by  jonathan lynn, antony jay


yes minister, book two 
yes prime minister: the diaries of the right hon. james hacker  by  jonathan lynn, antony jay



administration---other recommended administration reading


aspects of being the boss, which to the horrified shock and denial of all non, wannabe, and willneverbe administrators, managers, directors, supervisors, can sometimes mean not being seen, and not getting in the way, and many times not taking credit.

one of the disadvantages of being a patrician is that occasionally you
are obliged to act like one. 

--- from the movie spartacus


canaries in our coal
mine

greetings; abandon all hope ye who read here . . . .

the files listed here are the record of a large scale pop quiz which
was administered over a five year period, where none of those being
tested were aware of being tested until after it was over. 

---scars

---email

---emily cadigan, in memoriam

---emily's law

---the names

---breeders; e.g. creatures that merely breed, as absolutely distinct
from parents, e.g. those who actually raise children.

---in a dream . . . ---7/19/98

---consultation---9/17/98

---echoes; a thumbnail briefing

---summary, 7/10/99

---a matter of politics

---postscriptum

---mindgame


how to run mailing lists of the society for creative anachronism


how to run mailing lists of the society for creative anachronism ii


the master

a modest proposal; 
on the proper care and feeding of a viable renaissance faire

a renfaire is an improvised and somewhat rehearsed theatrical recreation of a 1500s back-country english harvest festival. here is a selection of short tutorials on how to run one, initially inspired by a quickly
insolvent producer of pay-to-enter larps and particularly inspired by that company's vehement and open hatred of renfaires.

---"once more behind the history lectern, dear friends, once more, 

or close the wall up with our ---well, you all know the drill."

---a few observations . . . . .

---the book of laws

---bugger the laws

---communication is a good thing

---emily's law

---organization is a good thing

---the law of pieces



other recommended administration reading:

charlie wilson's war: the extraordinary story of the largest covert operation in history by george crile


charlie muffin by brian freemantle 

(1) charlie muffin, or, charlie m ---
(2) clap hands, here comes charlie, or, here comes charlie m ---
(3) the inscrutable charlie muffin ---
(4) charlie muffin's uncle sam, or, charlie muffin u.s.a. ---
(5) madrigal for charlie muffin ---
(6) charlie muffin and russian rose, or, the blind run ---
(7) charlie muffin san, or, see charlie run ---
(8) the run around ---
(9) comrade charlie ---
(10) charlie's apprentice ---
(11) charlie's chance, or, bomb grade ---
(12) dead men living ---
(13) kings of many castles ---
(14) red star rising ---
(15) red star burning --- 
(16) red star falling.


circus
world by barry longyear



the dilbert principle: a cubicle's-eye view of bosses, meetings, management fads & other workplace afflictions by 	scott adams


discworld by terry pratchett. 
books listed here in story chronological order. 


(1) small gods --- 
(2) the colour of magic --- 
(3) the light fantastic --- 
(4) equal rites --- 
(5) mort --- 
(6) sourcery --- 
(7) wyrd sisters --- 
(8) pyramids --- 
(9) guards! guards! --- 
(10) eric --- 
(11) moving pictures --- 
(12) reaper man --- 
(13) witches abroad --- 
(14) lords and ladies --- 
(15) men at arms --- 
(16) soul music --- 
(17) interesting times --- 
(18) maskerade --- 
(19) feet of clay --- 
(20) hogfather --- 
(21) jingo --- 
(22) the last continent --- 
(23) carpe jugulum --- 
(24) the fifth elephant --- 
(25) the truth --- 
(26) thief of time --- 
(27) the last hero --- 
(28) the amazing maurice and his educated rodents --- 
(29) night watch --- 
(30) the wee free men --- 
(31) monstrous regiment --- 
(32) a hat full of sky --- 
(33) going postal --- 
(34) thud! --- 
(35) wintersmith --- 
(36) making money --- 
(37) unseen academicals --- 
(38) i shall wear midnight --- 
(39) snuff --- 
(40) raising steam --- 
(41) the shepherd's crown.


the e-myth revisited: why most small businesses don't work and what to do about it  by  michael e. gerber



freedom's forge: how american business produced victory in world war ii by arthur herman



the generals: american military command from world war ii to today by  thomas e. ricks


henka by doug wilson

"the mission of the henka blog is to act as a pure source of
transmission of hatsumi
soke’s teaching in
japan."


the house of god   by samuel shem



how the scots invented the modern world: the true story of how western europe's poorest nation created our world & everything in it by arthur herman



how to fail at almost everything and still win big: kind of the story of my life by scott adams



the human side of enterprise, annotated edition by douglas mcgregor



the invisible hook: the hidden economics of pirates by peter leeson



lapham's rules of influence: a careerist's guide to success, status, and self-congratulation by lewis lapham

note: this is the guidebook of your enemy and opposition.  for your guidebook, see the book by robert townsend.



managing for results  by peter drucker


mount misery by  samuel shem


one
of us: officers of marines--their training, traditions, and values
by jack ruppert


ornamentalism: how the british saw their empire by david cannadine


small colonial war by robert a. frezza 
(1) a small colonial war --- 
(2) fire in a faraway place --- 
(3) cain's land.


sten by allan cole and chris bunch 
(1) sten --- 
(2) the wolf worlds --- 
(3) the court of a thousand suns --- 
(4) fleet of the damned --- 
(5) revenge of the damned --- 
(6) return of the emperor --- 
(7) vortex --- 
(8) empire's end --- 
(and) the sten cookbook: from the novel series by bunch & cole.


the toyota way: 14 management principles from the world's greatest manufacturer  by  jeffrey k. liker 



up the organization: how to stop the corporation from stifling people and strangling profits (j-b warren bennis series) by robert townsend

note: this is your guidebook.  for the guidebook of your enemy and opposition, see the book by lewis lapham




 understand? good. play! words of consequence, 2nd edition by masaaki hatsumi and benjamin cole



what got you here won't get you there by marshall goldsmith


yes minister, book one 
the complete yes minister: the diaries of a cabinet minister  by  jonathan lynn and antony jay


yes minister, book two 
yes prime minister: the diaries of the right hon. james hacker  by  jonathan lynn and antony jay


zero to one: notes on startups, or how to build the future by peter thiel and blake masters



â©cassiel cardinal
macavity




















































































(this is where the page is extended waaaay down, to get the sectional
links to line up at the top of a browser window.)


