













	best flea market software | software for flea market, farmers market and swap meet















all states
alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
british columbia
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
east rutherford
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
ontario
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island 
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming




all cities


























                            products 


booth tracker 
                                web rental bt text messenger
android mobilrental 
                                concession tracker shopper admissions
trade show




                            services 


vendor directory 
                                website


support


                            about 


about us 
                                testimonials


contact demo



















products
                                

booth tracker
web rental
bt text messenger
android mobilrental
concession tracker
shopper admissions
trade show



services
                                

vendor directory
website



support


about
                                

about us
testimonials



contact


demo





















new
booth tracker



100% cloud based
powerful kpi dashboards
anywhere anytime access


request demo










                        welcome to booth tracker





                        the industry-leading booth tracking and management software for flea markets, farmers
                        market and swap meets with color-coded dynamic graphical layout capabilities, designed
                        to automate the entire space rental process.

e-softsys, a total technology solutions provider has been serving the flea
                        market industry for over 2 decades through our major flagship product booth tracker.
                        with over 70% of the largest flea markets using our products and associated services,
                        booth tracker is the industry-leading booth tracking and management software, designed
                        to automate the space rental process for flea markets, indoor markets, swap meets
                        etc. that provides a comprehensive solution for effective management of booth and
                        vendor related activities with color-coded dynamic graphical layout capabilities.

                        backed with over 2 decades of experience in the flea market/swap meet industry and
                        also being a major sponsor of the national flea market association annual conferences
                        for the last several years, we have continuously evolved our product suite by incorporating
                        new features that have helped our customers to quickly streamline their rental processes
                        to reduce costs, prevent fraud, increase revenue and improve customer service.

                        with the knowledge that we have built over the last several years in serving the
                        flea market/ swap meet industry and based on the continuous feedback from our customers,
                        we are extremely excited to announce the latest and biggest ever release of our
                        product – booth tracker cloud,
                        a completely cloud-based
                        platform. booth tracker cloud
                        has been designed incorporating the latest technologies and provides the freedom
                        to market owners and managers to access and manage their business from anywhere,
                        anytime on any device.

                        to know more about the key features and benefits of booth tracker cloud read on









                                management software

                                the industry-leading booth tracking and management software with color-coded dynamic
                                graphical layout capabilities








                                online interface

                                anytime anywhere accessible online rental office for your flea market








                                reminders & alerts

                                cloud-based collection system to reduce time market managers spend on collections








                                android applications

                                freedom to rent spaces, check-in vendors, mark absentee spaces & collect payments
                                on the spot








                                admission tickets

                                define admission/parking tickets & track tickets sold in a wireless mode








                                track food sales

                                comprehensive pos solution for managing flea market restaurants, fast food concessions
                                & mobile food carts











                        our services






                        vendor directory

                        a comprehensive, searchable online directory for shoppers that provides key information
                        highlighting the various products and services being offered by your vendors
                    









                        website services

                        as a solutions provider to the flea market/swap meet industry, we also provide website
                        design, development, hosting, maintenance and search engine optimization services
                        with emphasis on performance and reliability














                        our clients





























                        over 70% of the largest markets
                        in usa use booth tracker!


                        booth tracker is the industry-leading booth tracking and management software with
                        color-coded dynamic graphical layout capabilities, designed to automate the space
                        rental process and provide a comprehensive solution for effective management of
                        booth and vendor related activities.















                        what people are saying













                                                        ★★★★★





                                                        “we have been using e-softsys products for more than 15 years and have implemented
                                                        booth tracker, concessions tracker, bank tracker and shoppers admission in all our
                                                        15 flea markets. we also use their add-on modules such as web rental and mobilrental.
                                                        e-softsys has helped us achieve better control on all our rental processes and concessions,
                                                        improve services to our vendors and shoppers. we are very pleased with the prompt
                                                        support that is available 7 days a week, especially on weekends. i would happily
                                                        recommend e-softsys products to other flea markets.”





lisa povich
                                                        vice president of administration,
                                                        human resources and it,
                                                        united flea markets
                                                    












                                                        ★★★★★





                                                        "kobey's swap meet continues to be pleased and satisfied with the entire booth tracker
                                                        application & 24/ 7 support. kobey's transitioned from our legacy software 12 years
                                                        ago and today we use the booth tracker program across 6 laptop terminals both in
                                                        our offices and swap meet location. additionally, we use 4 samsung tablets. the
                                                        tablets not only allows us to check in our vendors at multiple entrances, but we
                                                        can let our vendors in faster for the morning setup. we are also able to collect
                                                        revenue throughout the day using the mobile rental application..."





anthony pretto
                                                        vice president of operations & marketing
                                                        kobey's swap meet
                                                    
















                                                        ★★★★★





                                                        “e-softsys has implemented booth tracker at two markets that i have operated over
                                                        the last 25 years. booth tracker has been a great solution for all of our reservation
                                                        needs. booth tracker integrates with our website and credit card processing. i have
                                                        been presented with alternative software packages, but none have had the functionality
                                                        of booth tracker. our staff was easily trained in the use of the software, and bt
                                                        tech support team is readily available if an issue arises. in addition, if our operations
                                                        change or grow and we have new requirements, booth tracker’s development team is
                                                        able to modify the software to meet our needs. also, annual updates allow booth
                                                        tracker to change with any new technology so it never becomes obsolete, and we can
                                                        be confident that we can continue to use booth tracker for years to come.”





chuck kane
                                                        manager
                                                        quakertown farmers market
                                                    












                                                        ★★★★★





                                                        “we switched from a vendor tracking system that was obsolete to a modern database
                                                        with booth tracker. our vendors appreciate the improved accuracy of their payments,
                                                        and our staff can save time by reducing manual data entry. openedge's credit card
                                                        payment system integration also offers more flexibility for our vendors to pay at
                                                        the local office or online. booth tracker's customer service is always responsive,
                                                        and the programmers are readily available to assist with customizations for our
                                                        market needs. if you are looking for a way to upgrade and manage your vendor booths,
                                                        we would recommend booth tracker.”





katherine vinardi
                                                        director of human resources/ assistant controller
                                                        plutus swaporama llc
                                                    
















                                                        ★★★★★





                                                        “making the transition to booth tracker last year was like a breath of fresh air.
                                                        e-softsys gave us the opportunity to fine tune some archaic processes that had been
                                                        in place for far too long and the ability of the e-softsys team to provide a software
                                                        that was a prefect fit to our business model was paramount to the successful transition
                                                        to booth tracker! booth tracker has helped us to identify and eliminate deficiencies
                                                        within our accounting processes and move us towards a more efficient and profitable
                                                        operation. the e-softsys team is always willing to answer any question and provides
                                                        exceptional customer service 7 days a week.”





megan malcolmson
                                                        manager
                                                        st. jacobs farmers’ market
                                                    












                                                        ★★★★★





                                                        “i have been using booth tracker for several years now. i have been continuously
                                                        very happy with the response time and good care their technical support staff has
                                                        provided. their response time is excellent, and they are always open to hear how
                                                        they might be able to help us do something slightly different with the software
                                                        to accommodate our market’s slightly different than traditional set up.”





mitch freedman
                                                        manager
                                                        golden nugget antique flea market
                                                    












                                previous



                                next






show all 














                            ★★★★★


                        “e-softsys, the developer of booth tracker has completed 25 years in business in 2024 and we are proud of the fact that we have not only survived the various ups and downs in the usa economy, including the covid pandemic but have succeeded in building a large client base of flea markets across the country and have continued to release new versions of our booth tracker software based on the feedback from our client base. we are also a proud sponsor of the nfma and have been attending/sponsoring the nfma annual conference every year since 2001..”

click
                            here to watch the video 














links
services
about
support
contact
privacy statement


about
sales@boothtracker.com
www.boothtracker.com
tel: +1-800-469-1740 x 1


find us on


 
                        

 
                        






©e-softsys - 2025, all rights reserved













