







st. ignace news | your st. ignace michigan news source


















































































 
























search for:


search
submit








 
▼

account
subscribe
get news updates
log in




 


log in
my account
subscribe or renew
get news updates
home

top stories
news
columns
opinion
sports
obituaries
social
meeting minutes
public meetings
classifieds


public notices

place
view


online archives
print edition archives
special sections
watch videos
documents
print ad directory
classifieds / want ads
classified orders request form
find a doctor
printing services
contact us
about us
privacy policy








st. ignace weather

view mackinac bridge livepopular categories  general (567)  public notices (213)  employment (110)  entertainment (94)  contractors (46)  personals (45)  auto (35)  real estate (28)  restaurant (4)



select search type 
places
events
classifieds


search for

near

searchsearch











searchsearch

 




 {"bg":"","mt":"","mr":"","mb":3,"ml":"","pt":"","pr":"","pb":"","pl":"","border":"","rounded":"","rounded_size":"","shadow":""}





tuesday, february 18, 2025

subscribe
log in
 







news

top stories


social
sports
obituaries
columns
opinion
cuisine
public notices

place
view


classifieds
digital edition
printing services
contact us
 

general ads
contractors
real estate
going out
auto/marine
public notices
classifieds
employment
personals
want ads
advertiser index










view mackinac bridge live 



top storiespond to rinkby erich t. doerrerich.doerr@stignacenews.com | february 11, 2025the labatt blue u.p. pond hockey championship will be an indoor event for the second consecutive year. all games will...cedar post closed for renovations, food pantry still openby erich t. doerrerich.doerr@stignacenews.com | february 11, 2025there are a lot of changes happening at the cedar post thrift shop and food pantry in cedarville. the thrift...ball takes charge at mackinaw city chamberby erich t. doerrerich.doerr@stignacenews.com | february 11, 2025chuck ball is putting his years in the business world to work as the greater mackinaw city chamber of commerce’s...ransomware attack impacts sault tribefebruary 11, 2025the sault ste. marie tribe of chippewa indians was targeted by a ransomware attack sunday, february 9, that has affected...


moreread more top stories... 


newsnaubinway ready for classic snowmobile show and rideby erich t. doerrerich.doerr@stignacenews.com | february 11, 2025the 33rd annual top of the lake snowmobile show and ride will take place in naubinway friday, february 14, and saturday, february 15. the event...researchers scrambling to understand implications of forever chemicals found in fish, waters of lake huronby ruth thorntoncapital news service | february 11, 2025a recent study has found dozens of previously unknown “forever chemicals” in the fish, mussels and waters of lake huron, revealing more contamination than previously...mackinac county sheriff ’s reportfebruary 11, 2025for the week beginning sunday, february 2, through saturday, february 8, the mackinac county sheriff ’s office provided assistance to the michigan state police twice,...cullen named to wvu dean’s listby erich t. doerrerich.doerr@stignacenews.com | february 11, 2025liberty cullen graduated from lasalle high school last may and currently attends west virginia university (wvu). her academic performance in morgantown, west virginia, has earned... 
read more news...obituariesralph “skip” mooreralph “skip” moore, age 74, of st. ignace, michigan, passed away peacefully on january 30, 2025. born on september 15, 1950, skip grew up in st. ignace where he was...durance leonard pauldurance leonard paul, age 67, of st. ignace michigan, passed away on january 18, 2025, at mclaren northern michigan hospital surrounded by his loving family. he was born on august...quentin “q” arthur goudreauquentin “q” arthur goudreau, age 84, of st. ignace, michigan, passed away on january 16, 2025. he was born on may 29, 1940, in st. ignace, to benjamin and elvira...demariest “dee” ann (horn) czapekdemariest “dee” ann (horn) czapek, age 92, passed away peacefully on january 9, 2025. she was born december 22, 1932, in mackinac island, michigan, to raymond “ty” and evangeline “ling”...roy elden closs, jr.roy elden closs, jr., age 90, of grand haven, went to his heavenly home saturday, january 11, 2025, at robbinswood assisted living. he was born november 27, 1934, in sault...donald wayne kerridgedonald wayne kerridge, 69, from garnet, michigan passed away saturday december 21 2024 just before midnight at golden leaves living center in newberry. he had been a resident there since... 
read more obituaries... 


sportslady comets drop league crossover game with harbor lightby ben murphy | february 15, 2025the mackinaw city girls basketball team hosted a northern lakes conference crossover game with harbor light christian thursday, february 6....brimley hands pickford girls home lossby ben murphy | february 14, 2025after falling way behind in their home eastern upper peninsula conference (eupc) girls basketball game with brimley tuesday, february 4,...rudyard boys pick up road wins over brimley, maplewood baptistby ben murphy | february 13, 2025playing road games on back-to-back nights didn’t hinder the rudyard boys basketball team last week as they returned home with...rudyard narrowly defeats st. ignace, claims first district title since 2014by ben murphynews@stignacenews.com | february 11, 2025it came down to the final match, but the rudyard wrestling team got the job done in thrilling fashion as... 
read more sports stories...columnslooking backcompiled by kim ruleynews@stignacenews.com | february 11, 2025133 years ago the st. ignace news saturday, february 13, 1892 herb thomas and miss adams were married on monday...les cheneaux newsdavid murraycolumnistnews@stignacenews.com | february 11, 2025ol’ punxsutawney phil supposedly didn’t see his shadow, which is a prognostication from the inner circle (those who speak groundhogese)...looking backcompiled kim ruleynews@stignacenews.com | february 4, 2025133 years ago the st. ignace news saturday, february 6, 1892 bessie carr’s misfortune in freezing all the toes of...mackinac islandmargaret doudcolumnistnews@stignacenews.com | february 4, 2025the days are getting longer, so it is nice to see more daylight. we have beautiful white swans swimming in... 
read more columns...socialclark township community christmas event is sundayby erich t. doerr | november 29, 2024    clark township will show its holiday spirit with...birthoctober 1, 2024carl and makenzie ingalls of findlay, ohio, announce the birth... 
read more social stories... 



loading  



the st. ignace news




special sectionsstraits area sports spectator guide fall 2024 e-edition










opinionopinion: gov. whitmer should fulfill transparency promisenovember 26, 2024in 2016 when she was candidate whitmer, the governor of...letter to the editoraugust 27, 2024to the editor: the defining moments of the 20th century:...letter to the editormay 21, 2024to the editor: as a resident of the upper peninsula,...letters to the editormay 7, 2024service dogs are trained for tasks, reader explains to the...letter to the editormarch 5, 2024dear editor, the obstacles teenagers have can be enormous. but... 
read more opinion stories... 











 























the privacy of our website’s visitors is important to us.
this privacy policy explains what information may be collected through your use of our website. this privacy policy does not apply to third-party products or services for which a separate privacy policy is provided.
your use of our website constitutes an agreement to the terms of this privacy policy.
i. what personal data we collect and why we collect it
purpose of information collection
we collect information to help us analyze our users’ interest in our content, allowing us to make better decisions about the type of content we provide. we also may use the information we collect for marketing purposes.
third-party analytics and advertiser services
like most websites, we may employ third-party analytics and advertiser services, such as those of google analytics, adsense, and matomo, on our website. these third party services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, web server logs and similar technologies to collect information. the information collected is of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as your ip (internet protocol) address, your isp, the browser you used to visit our site (such as internet explorer or firefox), the time you visited our site, and which pages you visited throughout our site.
the information collected may be disclosed to these third parties, who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the website. the third parties may also use the information for geotargeting purposes (showing new york real estate ads to someone in new york, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). here is more information on how google uses data.
we also may use dart cookies for ad serving through google’s doubleclick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using doubleclick advertising (including some google adsense advertisements). this cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). the ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (for example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting las vegas, you may see las vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). dart uses “non-personally identifiable information.” it does not track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
comments
when visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s ip address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
an anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the gravatar service to see if you are using it. the gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. after approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
media
if you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (exif gps) included. visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
contact forms
if you fill in a form on our site you may opt-in to saving your name and email address on our site.
cookies
if you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. these are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. these cookies will last for one year.
if you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. this cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
when you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. if you select “remember me”, your login will persist for two weeks. if you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
if you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. this cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post id of the article you just edited. it expires after 1 day.
embedded content from other websites
articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

ii. how long we retain your data
if you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. this is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
for users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. all users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). website administrators can also see and edit that information.
iii. your control over information
you may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. you can do the following at anytime by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
see what data we have about you, if any.
change/correct any data we have about you.
have us delete any data we have about you.
express any concern you have about our use of your data.
you can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as norton internet security. however, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
you can opt out of all google analytics tracking software – click here to download their browser opt-out add-on. you can also opt out of doubleclick.
iv. additional information
how we protect your data
our data is secured against cross site access and passwords are securely stored with a one way secure method.
what data breach procedures we have in place
in an event of a data breach, the site in question would be locked down and if reader information is accessed, we will notify the affected users and reset their passwords.
what third parties we receive data from
none
what automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
none
industry regulatory disclosure requirements
we have no industry regulatory disclosure requirements.
privacy policy changes
the privacy policy may be changed at our sole discretion. we encourage our visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to the privacy policy. your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
  

 







home
get news updates
contact us
about us
job opportunities
privacy policy
account
subscribe


our hometown
dmca noticesnewspaper website content management software and services
      

        copyright © 2005-2025 hoffmann michigan media group llc, all rights reserved.      












 





change location
find awesome listings near you!


×




change location 
































