



pacific crest





















inquiries@pcrest.com
469 816 9415





facebook

twitter

linkedin

instagram

blog

email












home
courses

online mini-workshops
learn to learn for success
professional development
self-growth institute

resources

methodologies
research papers
growth tips
classification of learning skills
process education (pe)

academy of process educators
international journal of process ed.
selected glossary
how process education works
explore process education areas




books

bookstore
order form
price list
instructor resources
10 for $15

faculty
students

our story

about us

process 
					education
testimonials
clients & 
					outcomes


					timeline


contact 
				us




your partner for transforming higher education












failure shouldn't be forever.
we help up to 76% of dismissed students get back on track for academic and life success.
tell me more »



see it to be it! 
if you're ready to see an 
		increase in your quality of life every month,

join us at the self-growth institute! 
tell me how »


any 10 activities for $15
just choose your 10 activities and we'll send you a purchase and download link for your students and a free download for yourself!
applies to these books: foundations of biochemistry, foundations of chemistry,foundations of organic chemistry, and solving real problems with chemistry.
show me the activities! »






      

 show me! »









we make the difference

there are 36 million students in the united states 
						who have some college but no degree. our learn to learn 
						for success course can make the difference for these 
						students: 76% of the students who complete our course 
						go on to succeed in college.
 more... »
2% might not sound like much, but when your quality of 
						life is 2% better every month, that's a 
						difference 
						you'll notice. this is just one of the life-changing 
						results of our self-growth institute.   more... »
want to add to your  teaching toolbox but don't have 
						the time for one. more. thing. in your busy days? take a 
						look at our self-paced online workshops! do professional 
						development your way in your time. 
 more... 
						â»
we know the secrets to 
giving your teaching a boost and 
						
increasing student learning outcomes  
(hint: it's all about 
						active learning and helping students learn how to learn).
we're 
						happy to share!   more... â» 








your browser does not support the video tag.


success in school, work, and life


 







my relationship with pacific crest has been immensely valuable to the accomplishment of our primary mission to educate, train and inspire leaders of character for the army and the nation. the way i approach teaching and learning today is principally based on the understanding and skills provided by my association with pacific crest. one particular example has been the recognition of the primary role that assessment plays in the process of education. we never before considered the importance of real-time assessment in student learning, because we largely focused on faculty teaching. we often confused evaluation and assessment not only in student learning, but also in terms of faculty development. 


kip p. nygren president, wyoming seminary college preparatory school; colonel retired, u.s. army, professor and head of the department, u.s. military academy, west point





the products pacific crest has produced are at the leading edge of innovation in higher education across diverse disciplines. i have been working with dan apple and pacific crest for over ten years. our goal has been to produce curriculum materials and teaching strategies that help students develop key learning process skills and master course content in general chemistry. this collaboration, along with the participation of others, led to the nsf-supported pogil project (process oriented guided inquiry learning). 


david m. hanson distinguished professor of chemistry (ret'd), state university of new york, stony brook






pacific crest has been a leader in developing training and publications in assessment. in my view it has developed the clearest most accessible and useful framework for assessment available anywhere. on too many campuses, to the consternation of accreditors, administrators, and faculty, assessment has contributed little to actual improvement of learning. this is an invaluable aid in developing empowered learning communities as faculty teams continue their work focused on assessment.


henry lindborg spangehl higher education associates



 












academic successthe learn to learn for success course is proven to
		  
turn academically dismissed students into college graduates.
 

choiceour 10 for $15 custom package of digital activities lets instructors 
	 
choose and use the learning content that works for them.
 

quality of lifethe self-growth institute helps participants turn chaos into confidence by creating plans that dramatically boost quality of life.



 
deep learningour books are not textbooks, but active learning workbooks that 
	 
guide students through the process of deep learning so understanding is generalized and transferable.

 

conveniencethese 
	 value-priced and bite-sized modules give you the freedom to learn the best of learning-to-learn content 
	 at your pace and when it's convenient for you.



boost performanceour professional development workshops 
		  give your teaching a serious boost, add to your teaching toolbox, and improve retention of both instructors and students.













your potential is 
		  unlimited...we want to help you reach it!


 digital download!
yes, please! »
  














footer navigation


home page

learn to learn for success
faculty 
						development


						instructor resources

						our bookstore
contact 
						us






				stay in touch





facebook

twitter

linkedin

instagram

blog




contact us
please let us know if there's anything we can 
				do for you. whether you're interested in a service we provide or 
				have a challenge that you need help with, we're here. 

pacific crest
539 w. commerce st., 
suite 1283
dallas, tx
75208
 
 mon. - 
					fri. 9:00am - 5:00pm central
 469-816-9415
 
					
					inquiries@pcrest.com











				copyright â© 2023 pacific crest. 
				all rights reserved
















































