



jim watters










home photo technical resume






photocreations.ca



 





jim watters


very few pictures of myself. i am usually the man behind the camera. this rare was taken june 2012, on the top of bald peak.


what's new 
i am now working full time at creating full 360° spherical interactive panoramic video, vr video, to be consumed in hmd like the oculus rift or google cardboard. specializing in the
                            technology needed to create stereoscopic panoramic video. i am available as a consultant for those in need of a panoramic vr guru.



                                panoramic video of new years day polar bear dip, on jan 1, 2016 at mispec beach near saint john, new brunswick. 
                                

                                panoramic video of apryll aileen at collaborate and listen music festival sat aug 15, 2015 at shake down ranch, new brunswick. 
                                

                                a panoramic tour of partridge island, saint john, new brunswick.
                                also available for google cardboard in a vr version partridge island vr


                                i have been experimenting with panoramic 3d video using inexpensive mobius cameras.
                                

                                european visit 2014 took jennifer and i to the palace of versailles in paris france.
                                

                                european visit 2013 took jennifer and i to schönbrunn palace in vienna, austria
                                

                                added halloween pictures and a pumpkin carving timelapse for 2013.
                                

                                i have a youtube channel showing some time lapses i have created.
                                

                                collection of gigapixel images of showing cruise ships visiting saint john.
                                

                                distant panoramic views looking towards saint john in gigapixel resolutions.
                                

                                collection of gigapixel images of showing welsford new brunswick.
                                

                                i started geocaching as a means to find interesting location and document the more scenic spots with panoramas and uploading them to 360cities. some of them are here.

gigapixel view of champlain mountain, new brunswick
gigapixel view of the bluff, sussex, new brunswick
panorama of silver falls, saint john, new brunswick
panorama of loyalist burial grounds, saint john, new brunswick




                                my experiments with making colored ice lanterns.
                                

                                panoramas at lily lake, winter 2012.
                                

                                a tour inside and out of carleton martello tower, sept 2011.
                                

                                a hike along the fundy trail, aug 2011.
                                

kings county studio tour, june 2011.
                                

                                atlantic balloon festival, fossil find,sept 2010.
                                

                                moved back to new brunswick to live in saint john.  currently busy fixing up our new house.
                                

                                our 2009 caribbean vacation


my entry to the 2008 munster film festival.
                                

                                panoramas from second hot air balloon ride over ottawa.
                                

                                added niagara falls photos.
                                

                                added newfoundland photos.
                                

                                added tulip picture from my trip down to the ottawa tulip festival.
                                

                                panoramas of christmas lights at the parliament buildings downtown ottawa.
                                

                                added panoramas and pictures of gpt at tanya's texas hold'em poker tournament.
                                

                                my geek poker tour contribution to the world 
                                    wide panorama, june, 2007, event, themed community.
                                

                                panoramas from ottawa tulip festival 2007.
                                

                                my saunders farm contribution to the world 
                                    wide panorama, best of 2006, event.  mazes at saunders farm in munster, ontario.
                                

                                more summer vacation panoramas, grand manan new brunswick.
                                

                                my mom's garden in sussex new brunswick.
                                

                                my transportation contribution to the world wide panorama event of september 2006. 
                                karters' korners go kart race track.
                                

                                during my vacation with my family in august. several panoramas of my 
                                parents camp in the woods of new brunswick.
                                

                                my garden and contribution
                                to the world wide panorama event of june 2006. daily panoramas of my backyard garden as 
                                it changes through the growing season of 2006.
                                

panotools (new info and links added).
                            
                            

                                my best of 2005 contribution to the world 
                                    wide panorama event of dec 2005. skating on the rideau canal during 
                                winterlude.
                                

                                my new cd lamp using a fluorescent tube.
                                

                                my water contributions to the world wide panorama
                                event of june 2005.
                                

                                new panoramas of the rideau canal.
                                

                                some photo collages  from before i 
                                started creating panoramas.
                                



 
   about 
                                me: what i have done, where i have been.













 
mind over matter

every morning i wake up overwhelmed.  without 
                                        taking away from the greatness of whatever is going on.  i am convinced 
                                        that the whole thing must be one big continuous unimaginably sophisticated 
                                        dream, subject to constraints associated with the perpetual mathematical 
                                        background of the universe.  creativity and imagination continually 
                                        transcend these constraints, and as people such as einstein and gary larson 
                                        have so vividly shown us, you can get paid for it.!!!
 
- michael tait










 all 
                                content is ©1991-2017
                                
jwatters (at) photocreations (dot) ca
                                all rights reserved.
                                all trademarks are property of their respective owners. 






