






new jersey best lawn, sprinklers, & fencing - serving nj


















































































 


call us
888-655-2967
toll free: 888-nj-lawns







follow us













client login
about    

about nj best lawn, sprinklers and fencing
business license


view opportunities      

view job openings
employee forms


services    

backflow testing and certification
lawn sprinkler
lawn care
lawn fertilization 
fencing
landscape lighting
nightscaping
holiday lighting
sprinkler winterization


fence types     

chain link fence
dog fence
vinyl fences
panel fences
privacy fences
wooden fences
picket fence


fence services      

fencing installation
 fence repair


gallery
contact    

contact us
free estimate
feedback
learning center
google reviews


 






fencing-lawn sprinkler/irrigation landscape lighthing and fertilization services

serving the entire state of new jersey
eco-friendly lawn sprinklers
get free estimate 
open support ticket 
sprinkler startup 
schedule sprinkler winterization 







 


call us today
888-655-2967




 


credit  application 
 click here 




 


lawn sprinkler  service contract
 click here 







our services




 fencing




 lawn sprinkler




 lawn care





 lawn fertilization 





 backflow testing and certification




 landscape lighting





 nightscaping




 holiday lighting




view our finished work 




why choose us
what we offer for you






 we have a strong commitment to quality products and excellence in service.
 we’re a leader in customer satisfaction for over 27,000 satisfied customers.
 we have dedicated employees and an experienced office staff available 12 months a year.
 we offer state-of-the-art technology & service technicians on call for you, 6 days a week.



  call now: 	888-655-2967







testimonials







been using njs best for a few years. organized and good company. easy to set up service and get in touch with them. they’ve done a bunch of extra work for me over the years and work to get the job done right. tony is the best tech they have. friendly, very competent, and an all around good guy.

g shap
local guide









i have new jersey best servicing my property since sixteen years ago. i am very happy with their work. today i had tony and fred starting my sprinkler system. they are very knowledgeable, experienced and efficient. they explain everything they do and answer questions. thank you new jersey best!





 marina nalitt












quick and professional setup of my christmas lights. it was done during the day so couldn’t see if all the lights were working. checked in the evening and saw about seven lights not working. i called the next day to report the non- working bulbs. they were out the next day to replace! always great service as i use them for lawn cutting, spring and fall leaf cleanup, landscape lighting and fence repair. i’m always impressed by how responsive they are. i highly recommend them for any of these services.

joseph s 








read all testimonials 





central jersey

north jersey

south  jersey





online form - online support ticket powered by formstack










new jersey best lawns, sprinklers & fencing has been making homes and commercial properties look their best  since 1989, and we’ve acquired vast industry experience in lawn, sprinkler and fencing services.  

serving all of new jersey

we serve the following locations: bayville, lakewood, lebanon, hunterdon, somerset 


home
client login
about
gallery
google reviews
learning center
locations
contact us
 

888-655-2967
  info@njlawn.com
 195 lehigh ave, lakewood, nj 08701, united states
privacy policy
 pa business license
view opportunities

				employee forms
				





 © 2025 new jersey best lawns, sprinklers, & fencing. all rights reserved































