








childcarecanada.org | a project of the childcare resource and research unit























skip to main content





toggle navigation







contact
subscribe
rss
media
 






a project of the childcare resource and research unit








home
about about crru
crru team
martha friendly
job postings
contact us

resources resource menu
online document catalogue search
ecec in canada 
building canada's child care system
finding quality childcare
crru publications
issue files
blog
events
quality by design
weekly newsletter archive

online document catalogue search the catalogue
research, policy & practice
child care in the news
online video & audio

crru publications recently published
publications list
ecec in canada
briefing notes
occasional paper series
other publications
quality by design
crru videos

blog
building canada's child care system
 

search this website














resources for building a system of early childhood education and child care for all canadians


you will be able to apply filters on your search in the results display.
    
search tips






×
search tips


quotation marks on a phrase
                use quotation marks to search results that match the whole phrase in the exact order
                example: you can search the full title of a document.
                “building a national child-care system requires a coherent, ambitious approach”
plus sign connector
                search keywords connected by plus (+) sign if you don’t know the exact search phrase
                example: national child care + coherent + approach
asterix placeholder
                use asterix (*) to put a placeholder if don’t know the exact search phrase or only have a general idea of what you’re searching for.
                example: you want to search documents that talks about gendered impacts of covid-19
                what you should try: “gendered * of covid-19”
                what you will find: pages that contain “gendered impacts of covid-19”, “gendered economic impacts of covid-19”, “gendered dynamics of covid-19”
hyphen keyword exclusion
                use hyphen (-) to exclude/omit results that contain certain words
                example: you want to search publications by martha friendly that are not “early childhood education and care in canada”
                martha friendly -“early childhood education and care in canada”
filetype
                if you are looking for a pdf document, try this: search term filetype:pdf
                example: you want to find a pdf document that talks about neoliberalism.
                neoliberalism filetype:pdf
                author last name
                if you are looking for a document by the author, try searching the author’s last name because the author’s first name is ellipsed for documents under research, policy & practice (following apa citation style).
              

close














  
 view the resource menu  

  
 explore the online document catalogue  












 














 


building canada's child care system
this resource can inform and empower collective early learning and child care (elcc) system building in canada. its curated materials are organized to contribute to community knowledge at all levels.
 

          read more        








 


early childhood education and care in canada 2023
this childcare resource and research unit report provides 2023 data on early childhood education and care (ecec) in canada, including a section on each province and territory, 21 comparative tables, and a section on the state of ecec in canada in mid-2024.
 

          read more        








 


the municipal role in child care
the municipal role in child care report by the university of toronto’s institute on municipal finance and governance (imfg) is a series of papers that examine municipalities and their ability to manage, deliver and fund child care in canada.
 

          read more        








 


child care for whom? a background paper for the inclusive child care for all project
a paper supporting the inclusive child care for all project activities.
 

          read more        








 


measuring matters: assessing canada’s progress toward $10-a-day child care for all
a new report co-authored by david macdonald and martha friendly evaluates the first federal target of reducing fees by 50 per cent. “seven jurisdictions now have set fees, and five jurisdictions are already at $10 a day or less, three years ahead of target!” says macdonald.
 

          read more        








 


early childhood education and care in canada 2021
take a look at the childcare resource and research unit’s 13th compilation of cross-canada, longitudinal data and information about regulated early learning and child care (elcc), kindergarten and parental leave.
 

          read more        








 


not done yet: $10-a-day child care requires addressing canada's child care deserts
a new report co-authored by david macdonald and martha friendly delves into the need for specific and targeted expansion initiatives in addition to the affordability and accessibility actions outlined in each jurisdiction's cwelcc agreement.
 

          read more        








 


a summary of the canada-wide early learning and child care agreements and action plans
this companion document to the ecec 2021 report provides a summary of selected elements (affordability, expansion, auspice and the workforce) of the canada-wide early learning and child care initiative (cwelcc) introduced in 2021. note that a previous version of this paper was published in novemb 

          read more        








previous



next














what's new this week










research, policy & practice



 for parents going back to harper’s child care model is not an option 
 medley, a,  
 spring,  
 11 feb 2025. 
  canada  

 child care centre workers serving children aged 0 to 5 years in canada, 2021 to 2022 
 charters, t. j., & findlay, l. c.,  
 statistics canada,  
 19 dec 2024. 
  canada  

 nova scotia early learning and child care design guide 
 nova scotia department of public works & acre architects inc,  
 government of nova scotia,  
 1 aug 2024. 
  nova scotia  




    more research, policy & practice  
 







child care in the news



 toronto mom who pulled son from daycare over skyrocketing fees fighting for spot after centre reversed cost increases 
 ctv news, 
  3 feb 2025. 
  ontario  

 alberta's new flat rate fee for child care discontinues subsidy program and families will likely see an increase in fees 
 edmonton journal, 
  31 jan 2025. 
  alberta  

 vancouver has vastly increased early child-care spots but is still short thousands of spaces 
 cbc news, 
  5 feb 2025. 
  british columbia  




    more child care in the news  
 
















subscribe to our weekly newsletter









subscribe






more about the newsletter

















new crru publications


  early childhood education and care in canada 2023
early childhood education and care in canada 2023  is the childcare resource and research unit’s 14th compilation of cross-canada longitudinal data and information about regulated early learning and child care (elcc), kindergarten and parental leave. the report integrates administrative data provided by provincial/territorial officials (its primary source of information), data from statistics canada, from other research and information from public sources. 
 


view or download





 

early childhood education and care 2023: summary and analysis  (aug 2024)
child care for whom? a background paper for the inclusive child care for all project..  (other publications, 13 nov 2023)
a summary of the canada-wide early learning and child care agreements and action plans  (april 2023)
what direction now? ontario’s funding and management guidelines for 2023 and beyond  (briefing note, 19 oct 2022 )
moving from private to public processes: a series on creating child care in canada  (other publications, 2022)
one year later: follow up results from a survey on covid-19 and child care in canada  (19 jan 2022)
























  
 as incremental changes shaping the future of elcc in canada are being made, this resource can inform and empower collective system building. 
   

  
 access the newest version of crru's signature publication — a comprehensive collection of cross-canada and longitudinal data from 1992 to the present.
   


  
 crru’s blog, child care canada now, features views and opinions, reactions and actions by the crru team and guest authors on topical ecec issues.
   





















the resources on this website - both those developed by the childcare resource and research unit (crru) and those linked resources developed by others - focus on early childhood education and care, family policy and social issues. childcarecanada.org is intended for researchers, advocates, policy makers, service providers, students and parents.
more about the crru






 


32 heath st w. 
toronto on canadam4v 1t3

telephone: 416-926-9264
office hours: monday to friday, 9am to 5pm.


 





 
privacy policy
accessibility statement


weekly newsletter
sign up to receive our weekly newsletter. more about the newsletter.









subscribe









© 2025 copyright: childcare resource and research unit | privacy policy | sitemapdesign by billie carroll




