home | ameristate bank
homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. our banks will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of washington's birthday. we will reopen, tuesday, february 18th with regular business hours.  got it, thanks!  en españolfdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentameristate bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


checking accounts

savings & investments

debit cards

certificates of deposit

iras

personal loans

home loans



business


commercial checking

debit cards

business loans

remote deposit

cash management



e-services


internet banking

cardvalet

e-statements

bill pay

mobile banking

commercial cash management

remote deposit

mobile deposit

fraud alerts



about us


bank locations

history

board of directors

owners

lenders

mission statement

community

contact us



join our team

 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchameristate bank 











we’re with you every step of the way.
student checking  |  home loans  |  business loans 






     play main slider/pause main slider 
make the switch

call today, and we will help you make the switch!

switch today  
mobile app

ameristate bank everywhere with our new, free mobile apps.

mobile banking  
fraud alerts

view for more information on current internet threats.

view alerts  
calculators

explore our calculators to get an idea of amounts or payments.

financial calculators  
check reorder

running low on checks? don't worry, we've got you covered!

reorder checks  
find a bank

want to visit us in person? we're here to help.

bank locations   business lending made simple
whether you are a small business that is rising up or a large business with an established presence, we have the financial services and products to assist your every need.

let's do business   






ready to open an account or apply for a loan?
ameristate bank makes it easy with online applications!

contact us to apply



                  





in our community
we proudly support the local businesses, schools, and charitable organizations in all of our locations and are glad to help sponsor projects which improve the quality of life in our communities.
community


  





mobile banking
learn more about our mobile banking features! check out our ameristate app asb everywhere
mobile features

   play secondary area slider/pause secondary area sliderback to the topameristate bank 


about us


contact us

bank locations



resources


calculators

sitemap





privacy statement

federal deposit insurance corporation

terms of use

©  ameristate bankmember fdicequal housing lender 
