





imc - international music concepts








































  












international music concepts

 






























































wordpress developer


homeabout ushistorynewsartistshomebake festivalbloglinkscontact us








home


welcome to the world of imc  – which is short for international music concepts & a whole lot easier to say!  here at imc hq, our main duties are to book, promote a carefully chosen selection of amazing talented (known and not so known) artists, representing                     a wide variety of styles including pop, rock, punk, hip hop, electronica and whatever else we think sounds cool enough to tell the world about. we are also involved in the odd festival, events (major, minor, charitable) and whatever falls in between.
having had a wealth of experience working with an array of local and international acts since we officially commenced close to a couple of decades ago, we’ve certainly witnessed incredible social, political, technical and of course, music and overall entertainment industry change. and with having notched  up those years comes a load of experience and many, many  exciting and incredible moments of highs (& few lows) too numerous to mention right here. for now, we present this totally revamped & new look imc agency & entertainment website which we aim to keep informative & regularly updated. we’ve now included a blog section on the site where we’ll attempt to get ‘up close and personal’ – and, where even you can join in on the action.
if you would like to score our news faster than the rest, you can sign up to our mailing list (see right hand side of the screen for details). if not, then please do check back regularly for the latest news, views, gossip and other exciting info. thanks for visiting.
imc hq
aside from all our incredibly talented bands, here’s just a handful of promoted and co-promoted events we’ve been proud to present over the years….






























follow us   
subscribe 




newsletter
thank you! you have successfully subscribed to our newsletter.





newsletter
sign up here for all our news








                    subscribe
                










recent newswolfmother australia 2021may 1, 2021wolfmother announce 2021 live showsapril 30, 2021sheppard beam hometown gig around the globe in celebration of new albumfebruary 2, 2021alex lloyd – announces black the sun 20th anniversary tourjuly 5, 2019wolfmother’s welcome home via splendour in the grass 2019april 3, 2019 








copyright © 2011 international music concepts. site design: ntechmedia
site disclaimer

















