








the queen's royal surrey regiment





















































 regimental association

qrs association
regimental charity grants


 history

 short history 
 styles of headdress 1661-2000 
 use of khaki for military dress 
 2nd or the queen's 1657-1956 
 31st regiment 1702-1881 
 70th regiment 1756-1881 
 east surrey regiment 1881-1959 
 queen's royal surrey regiment 1959-1965 
 queen's regiment 1966-1992 
 the princess of wales's royal regiment(queen's and royal hampshires) 


 regimental timeline 
 infantry regiments of surrey
 honours & distinctions

introduction
battle honours & distinctions
regimental anniversaries & customs
civic freedoms
alliances


victoria & george cross
the regiments in india
china & hong kong
the 1st world war diaries
the 2nd world war diaries
 the 2nd world war

ww2
an infantry company in arakan and kohima
malaya 1941-42
queen's in the middle east
the italian campaign
the queen's in burma
algiers to tunis
the home guard


buried battles & veterans' voices
the berlin airlift
troopships
militia, volunteers & territorials
cadets
the colours
 queens of the regiment

queen catherine of braganza
hm queen mary


 monuments & memorials

monuments & memorials
regimental chapels
regimental collects


 the museum

surrey infantry museum
map of museum
the early years, maritime & medals room
20th century room
the onslow room
artefacts by type
artefacts by case
medals


regimental badges
in search of the lamb
regimental depots
regimental silver
regimental music
sporting records
personalities
 colonels & commanding officers

colonels & cos
colonels of the regiment
commanding officers 


deaths & obituaries
bibliography
acknowledgements
links
stolen medals






  toggle menu 
 





surrey infantry museum | fosim
welcome to the website of the queen's royal surrey regiment




1661-1966
england's senior regiment of the line 
introduction by colonel a.c. ward obe dl - last president of the queen's royal surrey regiment association 




then its tommy this an tommy that an “tommy, ‘ow’s yer soul?”
            but it’s “thin red line of ‘eros’ when the drums begin to roll
            the drums begin to roll my boys; the drums begin to roll,
            o it’s “thin red line of ‘eros’ when the drums begin to roll.   soldier
 
this website tells the history, traditions and customs of the two infantry regiments of surrey.
            the queen’s royal regiment (west surrey), the 2nd of foot, was england’s oldest infantry regiment formed in 1661. the east surrey regiment was formed in 1881 by the amalgamation of the 31st who first paraded in 1702 as a marine regiment and the 70th who were raised in 1758. these two regiments were amalgamated in 1959 to form the queen's royal surrey regiment.
the website provides details of the history, the museum at clandon park, near guildford and the regimental association which arranges reunions and looks after the welfare of our old comrades and when necessary organises benevolence grants to those in need.
the british army thrives on traditions, regimental pride, service to the nation and loyalty to the crown. this heady mixture produces a tight feeling of esprit d’corps and that team fighting spirit that has resulted in the superb battle effectiveness of the british infantry – the envy of many other nations.
but how often have we heard that there is never enough infantry for the country’s needs? successive governments throughout history have sought cuts through reductions of battalions or amalgamations of regiments.
each change dilutes that tight-knit band of brothers who have close connections with the towns and villages of their county. the history on this website illustrates this most effectively. both regiments have been awarded many battle honours and distinctions, bourne on their colours which can be seen on this website, or on a visit to the museum.
during the great war the queen’s raised 31 battalions and 29 young soldiers and labour units. 23 battalions saw active service. the east surreys raised 24 battalions, 21 saw active service. the casualties were horrendous; the queen’s lost 7399 officers, ncos and men killed. the surreys had 6223 officers and rank and file killed.
during the second world war the combined casualty figures for both regiments was 3788 officers, ncos and men who made the supreme sacrifice. their names can be seen in the books of remembrance in the regimental chapels and on war memorials throughout surrey, south london and elsewhere.
in 1966, the queen’s royal surrey regiment became part of the queen’s regiment and as a result of further reductions of infantry in 1992 the princess of wales’s royal regiment was formed by the amalgamation of the queen’s regiment and the royal hampshire regiment. (their website is www.army.mod.uk/who-we-are/corps-regiments-and-units/infantry/princess-of-waless-royal-regiment/)

the british army strives to achieve excellence, young soldiers are taught that if they do half as well as their predecessors they will have done a good job. the enduring theme of so many campaigns is the humour, patience, initiative and courage of the british infantryman.
rudyard kipling immortalised the british soldier as “tommy atkins” whilst social conditions and soldiering have changed the british soldier remains “tommy atkins”, in that respect nothing has changed.
this website is dedicated to all our “tommys” who have worn our cap badge and served in the infantry regiments of surrey.
 for it’s tommy this, an’ tommy that an’ “chuck him out, the brute!”
            but it’s “saviour of ‘is country’ when the guns begin to shoot;
            an it’s tommy this, an’ tommy that, an’ anything you please;
            an’ tommy ain’t a blooming’ fool – you bet that tommy sees!
pristinae virtutis memor






museum updates » 
 

buried battles and veterans voices in which our regimental forbearers tell their stories... hear csm jolley and sgt martin of
            2nd east surreys taking about their time as japanese pows and the stories of those who were forced to surrender at dunkirk and spent 4  long years a german pows.

ve and vj location of queen's royal regiment (west surrey) & east surrey regiment


          (click to view) 










the contents of this website are © the queen's royal surrey regimental association  














