








home - phoenix american




























































































        




















  
















services






about us






leadership






resources






careers






contact












  



managing agent, accounting
and corporate administration
services for global aviation leasingabs, warehouse facilities, sales leasebacks, aviation funds, aviation loans, spv's, section 110, jolco and jv's
accounting, reporting, cash management, complete back office.
offices in the us and irelandconnect with usour services





























phoenix american’s transfer agent and fund administration assets
have been recently acquired.


learn more








  





industry insights
the return of aviation abs transactions: phoenix american at the center
the aviation asset-backed securities (abs) market is witnessing a resurgence, marked by the first commercial aircraft abs transaction in two years.


read more



























leading managing agent, accounting and corporate administration services









  





accounting & reporting
decades of aviation experience with an unparalleled commitment to customer service. know that your vehicle is supported by superior systems, administrative best practices and deep industry experience.













  





administration & company secretary
company registration, registered irish office, directorships and office filings. indenture compliance and full corporate services leveraging our long history serving the needs, challenges and expectations of aviation clients.













  





waterfall & cash management
our robust team of accomplished professionals employs top-tier technology and refined processes, procedures and controls to ensure accuracy, efficiency and timely delivery of services to our aviation clients.













  





connections & relationships
our long list of partners and colleagues throughout the finance and aviation industries enables us to provide streamlined collaborative services and innovative solutions to challenges of any variety.














explore our services








  



managing agent and accounting services
for industry leaders in aviation leasing.





















  



 insights & press  




  



discover our latest content — from thought leadership white papers to press releases on new clients to our blog highlighting key insights on emerging trends in the alternative assets space.resources


















offices in the united states and irelandour leadership team offers abs-specific experience catered to its operations based in ireland.
  



joseph horgansenior vice president, phoenix american financial services, larkspur, ca






john mcinerneymanaging director, pafs ireland, ltd., shannon, ireland



learn more about our leadership










learn why industry leaders trust us for their back office
let’s discuss how phoenix can elevate your investor experience





connect with us

















 






headquarterslarkspur, ca usa125 e. sir francis drake blvd.suite 301larkspur, ca 94939(866) 895-5050





irelandshannonunit j block 1shannon business parkshannon, co. clare+353 61 475520.








© 2025 phoenix american. 
					   privacy policy | terms of use 



       





 




 







 

 

we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsi understandprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept


































