










derek daly motivational speaker | home | derek daly | be extrordinary






























































home
derek’s books
event professionals
videos
recent events
contact derek
 

























home
derek’s books
event professionals
videos
recent events
contact derek
 







….high performance thinkers
high performance behaviors…..






































































































































you deserved the standing ovation…..
socap, socap indy 2022












you absolutely crushed it!  the energy, the relevance, the takeaways…,
a shot of adrenaline and inspiration.
brad wheeler, president, assetmark












people are still quoting derek today. it is so great – he was a big hit.
jan hennessy, director of events, assetmark, named top 50 influential meeting professionals












fantastic presentation today…..
jeff keiser, vp stonegate mortgage












best keynote ever!
chris crocker, cmo arcis golf












i took a lot away… i want to be fast not just go faster.
i’m also working on my ‘to stop’ list.
charlie kilpatrick, p.e. - vdot












. . .people are still talking about it. it even made its way to our global senior executive team!
crystal logsdon, process improvement leader, best access-stanley












i find myself asking, where am i on the starting grid for the race i’m now in every day?
jim ake, westfield city council, westfield, in












outstanding job… tons of great feedback… i think we’re ready to get fast!
steve emery, sales mgr., crop production services












i will be purchasing your latest book this evening!
kevin mcdonagh, snr sd, saviynt, inc.












fantastic … best speaker we’ve ever had. he presented at our conference yesterday and was awesome.
huge success with a lot of great feedback.
brad smith, client director, optiv solutions












your message was inspiring and exactly what we needed!
rania mansour, enterprise pmo, freddiemac












that was really great – can i give you a hug?
nadine routhier, svp, pdi software












inspirational and incredibly relevant to our journey!
chris berry, cto, pdi software












your message couldn’t have aligned better with our theme
and goals this year had we written it ourselves.
howard even included several bullet points from your speech in his closing speech!
jessica chandler, global events sailpoint, sr. manager | global events sailpoint












…well the standing ovation said it all derek, thank you.
we have had nothing but great comments about your presentation from attendees.
you made us all look good.
peggy montgomery-fitch , vp events manager | plc associates












i was honored to introduce you…great job…
i will highly recommend you – a presenter that brings good material to life with a lesson for all!
doug johnson, director, sales manager | moodys analytics








meet derek
derek daly is a world class formula one and indy 500 driver, master of fast, entrepreneur, best-selling author and 25 year network television analyst. he competed against world champions – raced for some of the world’s most successful teams – won all over the world – lived in monte carlo – dined with royalty – and was almost killed three times. his experiences are breathtaking.
with his native irish wit, the hall of fame race car driver presents powerful analogies with straight forward and fascinating details, delivered with the same energy and humor that has made him one of television’s most popular sports commentators and a world class speaker.
you can’t remain emotionally neutral during his keynotes and his promise is to have you on the edge of your seat.


keynotes


culture – formula won
how to shift from
good2great2extraordinary









a culture of extraordinary is not an abstract concept but must be encoded into the dna of teams. imagine your team learning how to think and act differently as they push themselves to the edge of what might be possible. they will understand what it means to go beyond their best. they will embrace the restless pursuit of marginal gains. your team will understand why the zone of peak performance is not a crowded place. derek uses powerful, real-life sports analogies in a unique and compelling manner, that leaves audiences in awe. even the us government dod embraced this topic.





accelerate to safe speed
speed agility
flawless execution









today demands speed agility and flawless execution. you will understand the critical difference between going fast and being fast. your teams will grasp how trust and preparation become the cornerstones of teams who push against boundaries. your frontline employees will understand how to be highly aligned but loosely coupled, by being empowered to make quick decisions, with limited information. they will learn how to achieve trailblazing performance and understand why corporations sometimes struggle to emulate these valuable traits. this topic has energized both male and female audiences from california to the czech republic.





drive to survive
crucial balance between
speed and safety









having survived the hardest crash impact a driver had ever lived through, derek shares his near-death experience that led to an unprecedented safety initiative in racing that continues today. your team will learn how his sport developed the safest high performance work environments in history. when attitudes changed, lives were saved because compliance did not replace responsibility. learn how your team can make critical performance gains by turning ever present risk, into intelligent risks. you will understand the crucial balance between speed and safety. no one remains emotionally neutral as they grasp these breathtaking personal experiences.




book me now!event professionals
derek's books






read more







read more







 

contact telephone: 317-710-1500
e-mail: info@derekdaly.com
 

 

follow derek 

 

 

  

 








home
derek’s books
event professionals
videos
recent events
 
                            copyright 2020-2024 derek daly. all right reserved                        
















































