

vinch's p.i. & security    315-374-6384




















    
	vinch's p.i. & security    315-374-6384
	
  
investigations and security through out nys. 
call 315-374-6384
licensed by nys dept of state
training available.
 



monday, november 18, 2019
 

web presence

here is another start at a web presence.
we apologize for not being online more.
yet with trying to keep the billing as low as possible, it seems hard to be everywhere.
of course we strive to be on the streets and offices with you.
therefore somethings must wait.
thank you for your continuing support.





# posted by inv. vinch @ 12:37 0 comments
 

tuesday, june 02, 2015
 

gabriel iza did he get caught with bad credentials...











manlius man posed as atf agent, had illegal high-capacity magazines, guns, police say



 



gabriel iza horiz.jpg

gabriel iza                                             (provided photo)






print email 
julie mcmahon | jmcmahon@syracuse.com    by                  julie mcmahon | jmcmahon@syracuse.com  the post-standard email the author | follow on twitter on may 31, 2015 at 12:17 pm, updated may 31, 2015 at  2:05 pm 





 


 








manlius, n.y. -- a manlius man who posed as a federal alcohol, tobacco and firearms agent was found in possession of high-capacity magazines, guns and forged identification, police said.
onondaga county sheriff's deputies came across 49-year-old gabriel iza after a traffic accident in the town of dewitt in january. during the accident, he claimed he was an atf agent, detective jon seeber said.
after further investigation, detectives obtained a warrant to search iza's home on west pleasant street in manlius on may 14. there, they found two handguns, glock magazines, two police badges with forged identification, two police traffic vests and an atf tactical operations jacket, police said. other items with police insignia were also found in the home, seeber said.
detectives determined that iza was never employed by any law enforcement agency, police said. he also never possessed a new york state pistol permit, seeber said.
iza was charged with felonies criminal possession of a firearm (two counts), criminal possession of a large capacity feeding device, first-degree criminal impersonation and criminal possession of a forged instrument, as well as misdemeanors fourth-degree criminal possession of a weapon and criminal possession of stolen property.
iza was arraigned in dewitt town court and in manlius village court in connection with the original impersonation at the traffic accident, and on the charges related to the search warrant.
iza was at the onondaga county justice center on a total of $35,000 cash or bond bail, but has has since bonded out, seeber said.
deputies believe iza may have additional victims, he said. seeber encouraged potential victims or anyone with information on iza to contact the sheriff's office at 315-435-3051 or sherifftips@ongov.net.contact julie mcmahon anytime: email |  twitter | 315-412-1992
pacity_magazines_guns_police_s.html

























reddit














email










 



      

 

 
                   


http://www.syracuse.com/crime/index.ssf/2015/05/manlius_man_posed_as_atf_agent_had_illegal_high-capacity_magazines_guns_police_s.html


 

 

we asked about this back in 2000,,we even questioned it when we crossed state lines. crossing into vermont for the last phish concert.  no one believed us then do you believe us now.. well we will hold all judgement until the courts are done.. yet no pistol license is sort of a no brainer...
# posted by inv. vinch @ 18:47 0 comments
 

tuesday, october 22, 2013
 

security guard training in new york state

its only taken what 7 years? people are realizing that the state is stepping up and requiring the training. yes the training thats always been required. 8 hours every year for an unarmed guard and 16 hours for a armed guard.  now they are calling an schools are in short supply in this area.

hopefully we will be offering training in the near future, again. please call if you need it we hopefully can assist you in the right direction. leave a message if we dont answer, we work all kinds of hours.


# posted by inv. vinch @ 15:12 0 comments
 

tuesday, august 20, 2013
 

nys fair 

well its fair time again. maybe we will see you at the great nys fair. lots of changes in cny and hopefully, we will be able to update you all on a few. thanks for dropping in. its so great to hear from all the people out there. we appreciate all your efforts.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 14:57 0 comments
 

wednesday, january 05, 2011
 

wonders never end.

oh oh,, please keep it coming. i love to have a challenge. just make sure we are all being fair. some one who wanted to hide their identity checked this blog. seems odd how people feel they have to hide, when they may have a good point. 

 so i looked into the question.

i enjoy constructive criticism, so i was pleased to have an item pointed out to me. i would like to let whom ever it was, know the following. there are at least three people in the category they mentioned. an none of them are illegally, in their status.  thank you and i hope this helps you.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 16:19 0 comments
 

thursday, april 15, 2010
 

police, canine, officers mourn.

april 15, 2010
auburn, ny -- auburn police paid last respects to one of their own today after a six-year member lost his battle with cancer. 

in the last week of his life, this public servant sniffed out a narcotics case that led to the capture of a felon after a vehicle pursuit, police said.

a native of czechoslovakia, rony was picked to come to the united states to be a police dog. rony began his service in 2004.
rony worked with his handler, officer andrew kalet, right up until the dog's death, responding to 16 canine calls within the last three weeks. 

one of the department's most versatile members, rony's duties included area searches, muzzle work, apprehensions, perimeter containment, officer protection, narcotics detection and public demonstrations.
"rony will be truly missed and always remembered.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 16:23 0 comments
 

wednesday, december 02, 2009
 

east syracuse walmart larceny suspects identified, hats off to the police officers.

december 01, 2009

east syracuse, ny -- east syracuse police credited syracuse.com viewers tuesday with identifying two larceny suspects from security camera images taken at the village walmart.

jason c. baker, 30, and amber l. baker, 24, both of chittenango, were each charged with petit larceny in connection with the nov. 15 larceny of $170 in dvds and diapers.

 less than six hours after security video of the couple taken by walmart security cameras was posted on the web.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 10:01 0 comments
 

wednesday, november 04, 2009
 

police: solvay bank robber targeting banks nationwide - newschannel 9 wsyr

police: solvay bank robber targeting banks nationwide - newschannel 9 wsyrposted using sharethis
# posted by inv. vinch @ 13:03 0 comments
 

sunday, july 13, 2008
 

sheriff tell us,, corruption continues in onondaga public office does it???

united inn worked a deal with these deputies. or are they impersonating real deputies check those badges and uniforms. wonder if they had permission for those radios, were they checked in on duty with the 911 center. security officers would love a radio directly for assistance. to save the quarter or cell minutes calling 911 for back up.hmmmm peace officers (outside authorized work are just private citizens. why do they tell people they are special and have more power to make an arrest? no more power than a registered security officer or any other citizen.),, to cover this event sounds,, illegal. which public goverment hired them to be peace officers here at this time of night?no wonder they complain about pay raises stealing tax dollars this way won't fund their checks well on official duty. no sales tax certificate???oh that sheriff's take home car parked in the driveway. now thats intimidation. is that vehicle supposed to be parked like a normal car when not on official business. the driving lane is not a parking spot. what about those traffic cones in the red truck, wonder where they borrowed those???i know lets hear it. another coffee break.. but hey he was in a roped off area inside getting a beverage (free). not even hotel patrons had axcess to those beverages. now hows that for free coffee and juice??? his own private beverage center for 4 hours. thats an awesome break.you people make the honest hard working deputies look bad. where is the letter giving approval, saying you could work outside security in sheriff's uniform while breaking the general business law. you guys know the one outlined in the genearl municipal law for off duty work. the one your supervisor needs to sign approving your work, so your not to overly tired to pull regular duty for taxpayers dollars.labels: custody still playing security illegal ???
# posted by inv. vinch @ 14:18 11 comments
 

thursday, june 05, 2008
 

the debate

finally a few new people interested in the law... more to follow, soon. just for you all to read and digest.  i found these comments most interesting. so i will post them where all can see. thats what this sight was about educating some people. if we do not like the laws? then we the people must change the laws. an until they change we must follow the law.no one is above the law.ok, just a comment for all of this crap.one, a lot of the jobs the sheriffs do they get a pay check for and do pay income tax on! i know this because i worked for a company that hired them!i also believe if you take your self back to law school and start reading you will find that the business law that says off duty police don’t have to register applies to off duty officers working for a security company in that uniform, like a lot of part time police do. but im not going to spend my day reading that law over and over again, i have a life to live….but looking over the places you show, lets see p&c has loss prevention so they are working for a proprietary security company, the mall has mall security and the sheriffs are employed as security, ya know the point is made there i don’t need to go on…as far as the worry that they are using tax payers uniforms and guns and radios, well hey they have them anyway and can carry their guns all over the country (that’s one for gw). even if they are working for a private company they are enforcing law with in the county of onondaga and keeping the patrol car in my neighborhood instead of responding to p&c for a shop lifter. many guys (or girls) pay for extra uniforms, maybe the one they are wearing in the pictures they paid for all on their very own, my tax dollars saved!the fact that they are using police cars, again research has shown that the presence of a marked car is an deterrence for crime, many areas of the country give all their officers cars to take home with them. maybe they will drive by my house on the way home and scare off a burglar or get someone to slow down on the highway and keep someone from crashing into my wife. you comment about the “illegal parking” just goes to show how little you know! how long have you been in the business again???? a fire lane is designated for emergency vehicles, don’t let the name fool you its for all emergency vehicles. not just fire trucks and the building doesn’t need to be on fire. yup! ambulances can use the fire lane too…. and police cars …yup even sheriffs cars!! that’s all i need when i call the police, the cop trying to remember if it was the pink elephant lot or the green hippo… i can never remember what one.…incase you have figured me for a sheriff, i tell you wrong again sir!! im a private security guard…maybe with as much to lose having them working out there as you think you do.look there is room for all of us here, maybe if you worked together with them instead of trying to find anything they could, maybe possibly be doing wrong, you would see we can all get along. i have worked side by side with the sheriffs and many other law enforcement that work side jobs and things went just fine!! i still have a job that im happy with and id be glad to work with the sheriffs again some time !# posted by  k9guy : 01 june, 2008 10:00well sir/madam, (k-9 guy)the law is the law and these people like you and vinchs is not above the law. so maybe you need to re-check your facts. i don't believe that vinch has shown one deputy working legally yet on here and accused them of illegal activity. vinch has worked with quite a few legal working off-duty law enforcement and employs some too. look at the people check the facts talk with him. 80 plus years of law enforcement in there family. do you really think vinch wants to go after legal working leos? why they worked with them, they understand them and they train and trained them? one other question have you ever run a security company, some of them have problems getting their own records straight, check the million dollar cop on this blog he hired cops, but not legally all the time..legal companies can not hire cops in police uniforms its illegal. so who's illegally working again. check your crap for facts at the door please.if you have not noticed i back vinch. i have read the law discussed the law and like to follow it. it helps keep me save.emergency vehicles.. check the emergency vehicle law as well and/or the sheriffs own policy on take home cars in onondaga county.# posted by  anonymous : 05 june, 2008
# posted by inv. vinch @ 06:43 0 comments
 

saturday, september 15, 2007
 

latest news onondaga county sheriffs wont obey the law???

news flash...  county's finest or what ????here is another onondaga county sheriff police patch on his shoulder you decide..... whats he doing??? moonlighting no county car but hey lets use taxpayers equipment for personal gain more photos to follow. taxpayers gun and radio,,isnt this their uniform tooo..sucking down coffee and reading the paper hard duty when your not licensed to do security maybe sheriff work but not security,,,hey guys ask the sheriff,,dont you have municpal laws to follow tooo..like sheriffs aprroval of all off-duty work. are you sure he approves you breaking the ny state business law ohhh thats only a misdeameanor no big deall..hmmm lets see traffic violation or misdeameanor..... wheres's ed ryan screaming about this an take home cars.....
# posted by inv. vinch @ 21:41 9 comments
 

saturday, august 25, 2007
 

is anyone worried about lost sales tax dollars in onondaga county or new york state???

wondering what's up is it really road patrol now not obeying the laws. an there was so much hope you guys wouldn't do wrong...ahh but is the proof in the hidden microphones or just the video feed... got wonder why people break laws when they know that there are surveillance cameras in the very places you drink your beverage of choice. will the onondaga county legislature let these guys have take home cars?? they might need to use that county taxpayer radio to call for back up. at this possible illegal secondary job.  did kevin give you permission to work another part-time job as the general municipal law states he must.  did big w, tell them that working in the performance of their official duties while, being paid by another private entity is possibly receiving unlawful gratuities sec 200.35 per ny penal law.  no of course not.  it's don't ask we won't tell.    ask the officer feldman or maybe officer cross, or even officer bingham.   they have all had to speak with the state. what you did not know it ? its a crime not to pay sales tax for a service you sell. ask the new york state tax revenue crimes unit.  their are plenty of legal companies out there willing to hire you.. but hey you got to buy your own equipment. you just can't use county taxpayers provided equipment for your personal gain... thanks for checking in.. but truth be told i prefer you just do it legally guys and gals.. its what you ask me and require everyone else to do.. oh one other thing....you swore an oath to uphold all the laws not just some you like too uphold.  
# posted by inv. vinch @ 15:41 2 comments
 

tuesday, august 07, 2007
 

really hoping the cops can get along....with the k-9s

as uniformed police poured into the area, miguel drove toward the chase. one of the boys darted across state street in front of them, fowler said.miguel, 55, stayed with the car, following from the road as barrette, 57, fowler, 45, and jones, 43, ran through back yards.the boy cleared a fence behind a home in the 200 block of east kennedy street and was confronted by what fowler called a "privately owned canine."the dog, a german shepherd, was described by fowler as "big." fowler said he did not jump the fence, citing, once again, that the dog was "big."the boy scrambled on top of a car in the back yard out of reach of the dog. "he was compliant with our orders, but he quickly pointed out his biggest concern was this dog that wanted a piece of him," fowler said.another great stop by syracuse's finest, our hats of to the men in blue.can you feel the love jeff h., this ones for you.......one by one they all fall down 
# posted by inv. vinch @ 22:14 0 comments
 

saturday, august 04, 2007
 

the law is the law

it becomes more entertaining everyday what others pass on as laws.you would think persons licensed thru the state would understand the laws they are licensed under.if only those tasked to enforce the law knew the laws they are citing violators for breaking. how hard is it really to do your homework call and have the law sent to you hard copy? please read it and then ask questions of those qualified to explain it. so you may understand your actions and enforce the laws properly. so that those actually quilty could be convicted with due process and those innocent released swiftly.for those interested here is some information that might help.this portion for deputy chiefs, that questioned my concern for safety in the city.police officer yes even those in the city of syracuse, ny and onondaga county, ny, can not work as private contractors doing security work.unless they work for a licensed private investigator or a watch, guard or patrol agency while doing security work.yes they are exempt from training but not from being employed by the above stated agencies. note elsewhere in this blog is a letter from the state stating this fact. you can also find it in the general business laws art. 7 and 7a of the state of new york. by the way these laws the police also have to enforce as per their oath of office as police officers.they would only be exempt under art 7 sec 83. while in the performance of their official duties. which means they would have to be paid for by the taxpayers on a municipal police department payroll.not a private facility like cricket stores, pilot truck stops, p&c grocery, or kinneys drug stores, and green hills farms. even if they are given 1099s or paychecks, they are still avoiding paying nys sales tax and possibly not reporting income.for specials that have not kept up their training. therefore you may not be aware of all the rules governing your actions.special deputies also are violating the laws along with the rules and regulations of the sheriff himself. they wear their official uniform, while collecting funds from private entities for security work including axcess control.their own standard operating procedure manual from the sheriff, states they are volunteers and to follow the general business law art 7 and 7a. so therefore if the sheriff does not call, the special deputies in for work. they are unauthorized to wear their badge, while making a profit for the illegal security duties. when working for a licensed company they are not authorized to wear a sheriff's badge while doing security work.licensed watch, guard or patrol agencies, and private investigatorsas for licensed companies even they are not above having problems.they need to figure out the difference between a license and a registration.along with complying the requirements of due diligence and training their own personnel. their own people perjuring themselves about training. all of these dishonest acts and breaking the law is making the security industry look bad.you that break the law and forge documents, to get your credentials. you know who you are and yes we know that some of you read this blog. lets fix this problem. before you discredit all the good hard working law enforcement officials and security professionals.the laws state you must provide regular, frequent and consistent guidance, instruction, oversight.i will state it here. i have asked the attorney generals office to put out some documentation to address these errors, to you, your departments and/or companies. i asked that no one need get in serious trouble, if they quit doing the illegal acts. but if you proceed to break the law after being informed you were at fault. i hope for full prosecution, to the fullest extent of the law.you have laughed, but some of you have checked and found, i state only the truth.why do you, and you know who you are, continue to break the law to make a dollar and put others at risk. it may be alittle more difficult to do it properly.yet in the end, the proper way is the safest way and that is what we are all here for isn't.to protect life and property.most of you all can qualify and do this the legal way. why not try it, then we might all get along.if we dont agree with law then change it. thats what makes america great. its we the people that run the country. lets start doing it and let the officials know we hold them all accountable for upholding the laws, the goverment is for the people by the people.thank you for reading this. feel free to post away your comments.i always like new information and facts. i for one can agree everything changes too fast to always be current to the minute.i strive to continually improve my performance by seeking training and educational opportunites that better prepare me to carry out my duties.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 12:33 0 comments
 

saturday, may 26, 2007
 

shooting south ave. syracuse, ny

first thank you syracuse police officers for being close by.may 25, 2007, approx. 0045 hrs.a red colored suv (possibly a late model jeep cherokee)with at least two occupants was heading north on south ave. as it approached 311 south ave, syracuse, ny it proceeded to shoot into a parking lot across from the above address.(point of impact to the vehicles in lot from roadway 42.50 feet approx.)(point of impact with security officers and or crowd at establishment 32 feet to 40 feet approx.). as the suv's passenger fired into the lot (packed with at least five illegally parked cars and their occupants exiting the vehicles) it sped around the corner heading east on tallman street, continuing to fire sporadically.(point of impact back to roadway were it originally opened fire. 130.18 feet approx.)(point of impact from here to possibly target vehicles with buildings in line of sight,114 feet approx. and to the crowd at establishment 138 feet approx. no buildings in this line of sight.approximately 4 seconds later a male wearing a lite colored long sleeved top and dark pants sprinted from behind a building in the north west end of the lot(the parking lot mentioned above) to behind the building on the east end of adjacent lot. this suspect ran and fired at least two, if not three shots in the direction of the vehicles parked in the lot.( point of impact with vehicles and or passengers 91.08 feet approx.)officers took positions of cover and checked the crowd in front of the establishment at 310 south ave. for injury.(point of impact with security officers 175. feet approx.) onondaga county 911 center notified along with stopping two passing syr. police cruisers within seconds.no further disturbances for the rest of the evening.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 12:05 0 comments
 

tuesday, may 15, 2007
 

million dollar coruption

this guy thought the badge would protect him...i guess yes if you can afford 37,000.00 penalty to the state. i suppose his first strike is ok,,next time it will be a criminal charge by the attorney general.a hefty salary and side illegal security business help detective herman lamison live in a southampton house.long island's million-dollar cop, a southampton village detective who reeled in a whopping $1.3 million annual salary through side jobs.officer herman lamison already rakes in well over $100,000 yearly for his police work. but he's earned hundreds of thousands more performing secondary jobs for local cash-flush residents - tending to their estates, providing security and generally offering them peace of mind, records show.and lamison is not alone.as nypd cops groan about their appalling $25,000-a-year starting salary, lamison and his colleagues, especially those employed by small east end departments, are living like the glamorous residents they've sworn to protect and serve.he declined to comment.  what a shockthey are setting up shop for a reason. many mansion owners want to hire local cops to check in on their estates during the off season to guard against theft, burst pipes and squatters.meanwhile, socialites hire them to provide security for their sprawling summer galas, club owners hire the cops to calm angry neighbors, and celebrities like jack nicholson and martha stewart employ them as drivers and bodyguards.the officers' local connections, combined with the credibility of their badges, attracts the attention of wealthy side employers who only touch down during the summer season.the owner of one southampton nightclub said he preferred using local cops for security because they knew the local political and cultural terrain."you'd rather have a local guy with a badge talking to a pissed-off neighbor than a guy from jersey here for a quick paycheck," he said. "it makes sense, businesswise. the clubs are sort oder attack right now, so you want as many local friends as possible."lamison, it appears, has been very friendly. but while his successful side business, prime time security, has made him rich, it has also brought an uncomfortable spotlight.he recently had to pay new york state a $37,000 fine because of licensing lapses. the trouble came to light after lamison landed the mother of all home-security gigs years ago, when the controversial industrialist ira rennert hired his company to perform 24-hour security at his gargantuan, 64-acre, sagaponack spread.lamison's crew was noted for throwing filmmaker michael moore off the property during an attempted filming in 1998.a new york state investigation into prime time security revealed the extent of lamison's earnings. they canvassed him through last year and provided income reports through 2005, when he made a reputed $1,331,284. lamison, who was fined for operating without a proper license, had several other southampton village cops on his payroll at the time.southampton village police chief william wilson, who himself headed new york security group before giving the business up to focus on his new post, said only a few of his 30 officers work second jobs.he added that his cops are prohibited from working security for any business that has a liquor license, even while off duty. but several southampton village and southampton town cops said they had worked freelance gigs at summer hot spots like pink elephant and jet east.east hampton village police chief gerry larsen would not comment on any secondary work performed by his staff.recently published accounts in the new york times as well..
# posted by inv. vinch @ 12:25 3 comments
 

wednesday, april 04, 2007
 

well, look who is coming to dinner..

64 days left,,,who do you think will be next?some people in high places are trying to hide behind old cases.just ask mr. mcgoldrich,,he explains that it is past and has been dealt with under a different investigation. sorry we found some peoples names added to crimes they did not commit.they were not even involved in the cases their names appeared on. wonder why they received that treatment. nice of them to admit it was an illegal activity, yet get the cases confused. sothe guilty never get officially notified. some would think they got over on the system, that way.those individuals will be called on the carpet. an there deeds have been recorded as well. you just have to put them at the right crime scene. then send the notices, to the right persons and their bosses.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 17:22 0 comments
 

tuesday, march 27, 2007
 

time is running short....

the first deadline is past. now its time, let the investigators close down the small shops. they coming for you. out there in oswego, east syr., yeah the man in dewitt his turns coming, they just requested our records. its not over till the fat lady sings as they say. i hear a large man squirming.they can only purge the documents they have..lol. someone else always has a copy.i guess you need to know a little more mr. verona. they have requested the photos and newspaper articles.( thanks to the newspapers for printing some facts) it seems they do need us to do the investigation for them, it is as you said. they have showed up and can't locate phone numbers of suspects that are in their own files. no they still will not go out in the deep dark night (yet). so thanks to you honest citizens for your photos and info on where and when the bad guys working.the last request for video documentation. proved worth it the onondaga county custody deputies had to stop working illegally. sorry about that guys but i do not feel anyone should be threatened with arrest for exposing illegal activity. especially after your supervisor had been notified. the ag has also been asked to clarify it for your boss. call ask them or the department of state. ( c. wiles at the ag and d. bolton and dos,,should be able to help you.) the documents are posted in previous post.the man running around with a pistol permit hiring illegal guards in the city of syracuse. well his number is calling now. lets see how long it takes for him to go down. every official had been notified. then he is at the scene in the first murder of 2007 in dewitt, ny. shame on you and shame on them for continuing to allow illegal activity to possibly contribute to a loss of life. i guess they missed the shooting in the parking lot of the b&b lounge on s. salina. still trying to figure out how spd didn't charge that guys boss on the spot with working illegally with a weapon. maybe its cause he hires probation officers or other city/county personnel.the records are documentated and stored in at least three safe locations. thanks to ny state police tips to them. we will not forget your help. an just so you know salute to the months that no one can account for. we appreciate your call to duty.we still have 72 days left on the final count down. sorry for the two clocks running. but we to try to work things out thru the proper channels.post any comments we will try to answer asap. sorry to say can't monitor the site daily. you know it a never ending job. if not for the bad guys not many would have jobs.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 13:22 13 comments
 

sunday, january 07, 2007
 

another month down

well lets see another month gone. it was 65 days left to go. plus 151 days more or less so they say on the real garbage. but now the corner they painted has gotten so much smaller.what have i explained to you guys no where to go hmmm...nineteen year veteran and his buddies going down,,only a matter of time till they all sing. who is going to sing first to save his/her ass. there is so much more hidden in those closets.(lots more than drug plants)seems they have been doing business under the table so long they forget they are not invincible or invisible. you just never know who's listened.an geesh anybody notice the state office of investigation has been around town...updates soon
# posted by inv. vinch @ 20:56 7 comments
 

monday, december 04, 2006
 

99 days togo...

well you been peeking...but now you know...i think that agent looks good in a white shirt..what do you think??  gettin back to work now that the rules been laid out for all to follow..just a few more tweaks and the system should work the way it is supposed too. an everyone will know they follow rules too...so keep logging in we love to see you but hey don't get caught at work..that would make you look bad ,,,well maybe not you.. your above the law...not!!!!
# posted by inv. vinch @ 12:32 1 comments
 

thursday, october 26, 2006
 

mr h. "legends e" don't forget

i have not forgotten you??? the guys in verona want you too..so you better have eyes in the back of your head. that is what you told me... i have not forgotten. bury the hatchet ?? well you should have called that number.  what you gonna do?? they lookin, for you again.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 21:01 2 comments
 

 

does the sheriff know ???

does the sheriff care?? this is twice in the last three years, custody officers have been interviewed and the interpetation,,,has not been in their favor...what's a sheriff to do????
# posted by inv. vinch @ 19:43 0 comments
 

 

130 days and counting the facts are coming out...

these men had to answer..do they look familiar?  hint: custody...... what you gonna do?? when they come for you!!!! 
# posted by inv. vinch @ 19:34 0 comments
 

tuesday, october 24, 2006
 

a late notice to all you folks sorry just more info on unlicensed security ie... "bouncers"
# posted by inv. vinch @ 20:31 0 comments
 

monday, september 25, 2006
 

161 days an still counting

well we still have anonymous sources..great to hear your still with us. we are now getting facts and affidavits together on unauthorized training and reporting procedures. thanks for all the help. we also applaud some of you that were working illegally, your now trying to work within the laws you swore to uphold. thank you ladies and gentleman..an a special thanks to the local ag's office for straighten the facts for the da. nice to know you have some other compliants too..
# posted by inv. vinch @ 17:57 0 comments
 

saturday, august 19, 2006
 

your new evidence..... 199 days to go

so what do you call this?? do people really like to run around in their work uniform, when they are not working for their employer?....hmmm we think this is impersonating a security officer..actually looks like he is doing security work....but he is not being paid by the sheriff's dept. (therefore not in the performance of his official duties) so why is he using equipment paid for with taxpayer dollars..could that be misappropriation of government funds..(ie equipment paid for by the taxpayer,, being used away from public work, for personal gain.) not to mention a misdemeanors working contract security with out a license. none payment of sales tax due to no certificate to collect said tax.. no wonder no contract for deputies... not paying into tax base used to pay their own salary???? we wonder what the sheriff thinks about it. but then its an election year and he has no comment. ask him he hasn't even answered us..we would like to say at least he finally parked his out of service county car correctly....maybe someone really started checking the present laws...thanks for tuning in, again.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 11:16 0 comments
 

thursday, august 17, 2006
 

200 days left they still continue....

200 days left like the two minute warning......the sheriff's dept's employees still think they can can get away with illegal activity? or is it just someone impersonating sheriffs dept officers. you tell us, we will being bring you updates soon. sorry just dont have time this morning to post it all. i'm sure you law abiding citizens understand legal work takes away alot of our time. never really thought of this as crime fighting. i just wanted to let people know there are laws out there being broken. now you can't claim you did not know... we are waiting for mr. smith i persume?????
# posted by inv. vinch @ 07:32 0 comments
 

friday, august 04, 2006
 

213 days to go....

i have decided, to give you all a count down deadline. why? because people like to have time frames.so now you have one. i know you all log in to see the latest updates. so here is one for you.an anonymous source has explained that the investigation into on going complaints has been developing some very serious leads. they now have, much more information to go on.although they have not contacted us for more details we are willing to help them in any way we possibly can. to our surprise they requested more complainants. we had offered a few places they could find these problems and they requested the forms. oh well ,,,justice at work they need more paper work. so i have set up four three man teams to give them what they want.we will let you know how this goes as we learn more.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 16:42 0 comments
 

sunday, july 09, 2006
 

most information

is gathered first hand...out on the streets. few law breakers can collect their money online.you need to be looking on the streets with the people. its all out there it might not come out until after dark. go out and look for them. honest they are not hiding, they think your not going to come find them. some say when you do you wont bother them at all.its funny but a man once asked me. "how can you be a p.i.? no one will talk to you,,,,you look like a cop. "my answer was "your talking to me."the wheels turn slow but they do turn...never give up!!!!
# posted by inv. vinch @ 15:35 0 comments
 

sunday, july 02, 2006
 

what you gonna do when they come for you syracuse???

nyc is cracking down and its headed north to,syracuse, according to our sources.some of you said it was impossible to shut you down. where you gonna run as the wheels of justice turn thru syracuse and the rest of upstate, ny. we tried to warn you, we tried to help you. its only a matter of time.you can run but you cant hide....don't you know we have the best law enforcement right here in the state. 
# posted by inv. vinch @ 09:35 0 comments
 

friday, june 30, 2006
 

update for the july holiday.

people working with vinchs pi & security appreciate all your support.we would like all of you to know the following facts.we are not out to hurt anyone. we want the bad guys to pay for their crimes. we want the leos to enforce the laws they have sworn to uphold. the system works, it may be slow but beware it does work.you all check into this site often and you read alot. if you have questions ask. leave a questions in the comments. we will help you find the right answer, the legal answer. just because it has always been done that way does not mean its legal. no one is perfect and we will be the first to admit it. we will strive to do are best and continually search for training and education, to improve ourselfs.we like that you are finally looking into it. all we wanted was for everyone to be equal and law abiding. our investigations and clients never took any of this work personal. its work and its following the code of ethics we have sworn to uphold, as leos, security officers, investigators.we know that the network of information must go both ways. we dont like crooks and feel you don't either. there is no difference from the drug dealer selling drugs, and the sworn officer taking other work, which is not legally.one example comes to mind was when all the towns said tree trimers had to be licensed and insured.well people so do security officers, since 1994. if your moonlighting, ie.. making sure that furniture under a tent doesnt walk off during the over night hours, and your department didnt assign you there well on the dept's payroll,,, well then by the law your working as a security officer as a security company. you need to meet certain insurance and license requirements.believe it or not a police officer, even has a law on how many hours they can work at secondary employment. along with certain employment, needing your supervisors approval. but no supervisor has the authority to exempt you from following the law.those of you who are leo, we wish you made enough workin forty hours to not need secondary employment. honestly, you should not have to work more hours to support yourselfs. you do enough putting yourselfs in harms way everyday. you need to be full alert for every hour on the taxpayers payroll. you shouldnt have to stress yourself with extra hours and possibly jeopardize your alertness when it may cost you your life. we want everyone to go home after their shift and have the personal time they deserve with their families.it's not like the old days anymore not since 1992 and escpecially since 9/11.the investigation will continue and when we have more evidence for you we will share it too..thanks again for all your help. we wish you all a happy fourth of july.please be safe out there on the streets.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 13:31 0 comments
 

monday, may 29, 2006
 

how deep is the corruption

a man working for an illegal security company, fires warning shots!!!!!we have knowledge that this security company has outstanding complaints filed against it. why has the dept of state not taken any action to shut this company down. has the attorney general been notified, or is the complaint just sitting in the back of someone's desk gathering dust.where was this man trained ? no legitiment company issues any directive for warning shots. firing your weapon is restricted to those situations in which deadly phyiscal force is justified, as cited under penal law article 35.00.where did he get his certification to be an armed guard. who does he really work for?????see part of the story below:sunday, may 28, 2006a tavern security guard faces charges after, firing warning shots into the air, city police said.husni m. azzam, 24, of clay, was charged with prohibited use of a firearm, a misdemeanor, said sgt. tom connellan, a police spokesman.officers were sent to the 300 block of south avenue shortly before 2 a.m. sunday. between 150 and 200 people had gathered on the sidewalk and in the parking lot near the b&b lounge, 310 south ave., connellan said. several fights were under way on the sidewalk and in the parking lot. one arriving officer heard two shots fired, connellan said."it was the worst day of my life," azzam said "i thought i was going to get jumped."azzam, an armed, uniformed private security guard, said he was hired three months ago to patrol the parking lot on thursday, friday and saturday nights.azzam, said he called the 911 center for help. "i need cops as soon as possible," he said he told the call takers.azzam said he feared he would be pulled into the fights, and somebody would take his gun. at that point, he drew the weapon, for which he has a valid permit, police said, and fired two shots straight up into the air.he said. "i had to do it," he said. "i had no other choice." police found two spent shell casings for the .40-caliber handgun near the curb at the edge of the parking lot, connellan said.azzam was taken to the public safety building and later released on an appearance ticket. he is to return to syracuse city court june 8, reports said.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 19:00 2 comments
 

 

for those who gave all

our thanks and sincerest gratitude, goes to those courageous men and woman. the ones that gave all for us will never be forgotten.please honor them with us today, all over the world on this memorial day. our prayers and thanks for all those that served and are serving currently, the ever constant vigil. hug a vet today and say thanks!!!!! it truly is the only reason we can enjoy this freedom today.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 07:24 0 comments
 

monday, may 01, 2006
 

part of the crew having fun

                                                                           thank you for all your interest...
# posted by inv. vinch @ 08:27 1 comments
 

tuesday, april 18, 2006
 

corruption is this ? who is covering up for the deputies in onondaga county

all you county workers checking in from work using taxpayers dollars to surf the web...hmmm is that in your job description.. well we want you to see the first available report on this sheriff's deputy or so he said he was..do you know him. actually we dont even know this guy. but some of the security folks out there seem to know of him..by the way where is the sales tax collected and being returned..to the hard working taxpayers of ny state. so the real deputies can get a pay raise they deserve...where is the sheriff,,does he know whats going on???
# posted by inv. vinch @ 15:13 3 comments
 

monday, april 17, 2006
 

its all in the investigation sheriffs deputies,,, breaking the law..what do you think?

recently recovered documents reveal that the onondaga county sheriff's deputies are in fact breaking the law by providing security services with out a license. an yes someone is going after them... soon we will publishing these documents. so much information we want to be accurate for all of you. please be patient.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 16:11 0 comments
 

wednesday, april 12, 2006
 

new information

someone wanted to post a tip. supposedly a mr. staats at the divison of licensing is involved. we are trying to contact him at this time. if anyone has any information on where and how to reach him please leave a comment. the number given was for a general number with the divison of licensing. does anyone know his ext. or office, or even his title?also we are sorry but due to the late notice of facts, we were prevented from contacting anyone with the state, as of today. yes,, you guessed it they dont seem to work after 4:30pm..if the facts given by the unknown source are correct this investigation is well on its way to conculsion. we thank all parties involved. dont hesitate to leave us a comment
# posted by inv. vinch @ 16:59 0 comments
 

monday, april 03, 2006
 

possible corruption onondaga county,,,,news flash..

is the cover up soon to end.....an anonymous source has let us know. the onondaga county attorney's office and the asst attorney general's office right here in onondaga county are investigating.possible corruption, misuse of equipment, missappropriation of tax payer funds, illegal theft of services. unreported or unauthorized use of property.they even been making follow up phone calls, to certain entities. to confirm certain regulations and or court rulings and case laws.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 13:42 0 comments
 

sunday, march 19, 2006
 

illegal security officer injured

friday night about 1:15 am a onondaga county probation officer was cut in the hand.he was working part-time security at the moet lounge 1825 south ave, with other individuals who have been turned into the department of state and the attorney general's office. how long will it take till taxpayer dollars have to repay someone for this illegal activity. the syracuse papers listed his name as paul dickens, 34.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 16:53 0 comments
 

friday, february 17, 2006
 

lost boy found

an 11 year old boy was found thursday evening on route 31 in cicero. cicero police sgt. robert lurcock said. search teams, including a helicopter and a search dog, began to look for the boy shortly after 6 p.m. and found him on route 31, near fergerson road. the boy was not injured but was taken to university hospital as a precaution. nice work from are emergency services and law enforcement thanks folks
# posted by inv. vinch @ 23:37 2 comments
 

monday, february 13, 2006
 

comments

comments : sorry it was only turned on to stop the obscentities. please feel free to exercise your constitional rights well respecting others. thank you
# posted by inv. vinch @ 19:52 10 comments
 

 

cornering the market??

a badge is a symbol to respect, please wear it with pride.its not something to hide behind for people to look the other way.well lets see do the drug dealers corner the market. when they are reported for illegal activity the honest police officer does his duty.the drug dealer is arrested or his job disappears because of the presence of the police in the area.i'm sorry if extra income as some , call it,, is gone away.isn't the drug dealers extra income gone away to when the police catch them. illegal is still illegal...the state laws are for all of us to follow. this happens to be my full time occupation. so i'm sorry some people feel offended, that i act on the illegal activity i find. i thought thats why officers swore an oath to uphold the law. not break it for their extra income.the people in supervisory roles thru out this community where notified before this was ever publicized so that all would be informed. no one wanted any one to lose a job. they just want them to follow the law.competition on a fair playing field. no one is above the law. so please feel free to study the law and make an informed decision. in future post the facts. black and white statements will be made available. but anyone can call investigator bolton at the department of state. he works out of the syracuse office and will be more than happy to address the licenses required to work as a security officer. since 1992 the laws have stopped moonlighting, by off-duty unlicensed companies and officers. the letter has already been posted, once from albany on this site. it is the attorney generals office that will prosecute. he has authority from the state taxpayers. maybe some attorneys should check with him. i know alot of taxpayers would like to collect unreported income. along with not having to pay sales tax.. but hey we all need those tax dollars here in this area. so do the right thing get legal....maybe then the honest hard working cops could get a well deserved raise and not need extra income. i for one would love to make enough on a forty hour week. how about you?
# posted by inv. vinch @ 19:31 0 comments
 

 

another possible bad guy.

the madison county sheriff’s office has this composite sketch of a man being sought in a feb. 7, 2006, home invasion in sullivan.the man is believed to be in his mid-30s to mid-40s, five feet six inches to six feet tall, and has dark eyes and a day’s growth of beard. he was wearing a black jacket and a wool winter hat and carrying a red duffel bag with black straps.anyone with information on the suspect is asked to call 315-366-2318.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 19:26 0 comments
 

saturday, february 11, 2006
 

bad boys bad boys

what you going to do when they come for you????for the seriously legal professionals in law enforcement. we have no relationship with any agent mitchell sr. but we uphold his legal right to his opinions. thank you for all your tips, they have helped the attorney general and da's office immensely. we look forward to wrapping up these case in the near future.remember if .......if you can't do the time,, don't do the crime.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 21:35 6 comments
 

friday, february 10, 2006
 

isnt this what officers do well working second job??

you tell someone in this county hmmmmmmtroopers say a minetto official stole gas,,,the former superintendent of the minetto highway department has been accused of stealing gasoline from the town while he was in office, anthony p. neacosia, 47, of 2385 county route 8 in minetto, was charged with five counts of petit larceny, one count of official misconduct and one count of second-degree scheme to defraud, troopers said. neacosia was released.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 23:28 0 comments
 

thursday, february 09, 2006
 

are these men still working illegally

check your daily log for updates these men are becoming most wantedno new york state sales tax certifcatesno state licenses to operate a security companypossible no reporting to the federal goverment on income.carrying weapons in the open not concealed with out employment purposes
# posted by inv. vinch @ 15:50 17 comments
 

sunday, february 05, 2006
 

department of state nys says

 police officers shall work for licensed security companies.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 16:23 0 comments
 

 

strange uniformed men still working ice arena

 is this a real security officer or just another, man dressed up to look like a road patrol deputy, working outside the nys general business law art. 7 & 7a.is he even a real officer of the law.we think he needs to be retrained to follow the laws.if he is even sworn to uphold the laws of nys.who is this man? is he the man hiding in the background 3 weeks ago. now he wants center stage. we can give him center stage. no illegally activity will go unnoticed.
# posted by inv. vinch @ 14:41 8 comments
 







links

google news

past cases

2005-12-112005-12-182005-12-252006-01-012006-01-082006-01-222006-01-292006-02-052006-02-122006-03-192006-04-022006-04-092006-04-162006-04-302006-05-282006-06-252006-07-022006-07-092006-07-302006-08-132006-09-242006-10-222006-12-032007-01-072007-03-252007-04-012007-05-132007-05-202007-07-292007-08-052007-08-192007-09-092008-06-012008-07-132009-11-012009-11-292010-04-112011-01-022013-08-182013-10-202015-05-312019-11-17













