







cassidy web creations - web design and website services












 














































  
 




  



 

cassidy family reunion 2022 in cleveland link



cassidy web creations

let 
          cassidy web creations design and upload a new website for your business or association today. we offer reasonable rates to customize your website with links, 
        email addresses, feedback forms, images, flash components and coldfusion databases to bring your pages to life.
we 
          can also help with setup and management of your domain names, web hosting accounts, email accounts, 
          and e-commerce solutions  at a reasonable cost. if you have raw video footage that you want made into a commercial, movie, or youtube video, contact cassidy web creations for more information.  we  provide photography and graphic design by brian cassidy and videography services by dennis cassidy.

we recommend hosting your website with bluehost* for regular hosting, and hostek for coldfusion hosting.*
*note that cassidy web creations receives referral fees from bluehost and hostek when services are purchased from them. we feel that these companies provide the best value for our customers.

 websites
please take a look at some of the sites we have created and maintain below. 


all ohio atm
founded in 2012,â all ohio atm llcâ is located in northeast ohio in concord township and is a distributor, service provider and operator of new and used atm equipment, atm parts and supplies and atm transaction processing.â 



biosolutions, llc
biosolutions llc provides   expertise and consultative services for customers who recognize their   stewardship roles for drinking water, process water and wastewater. services   include chemical and microbiological analyses on water samples and some deposit   samples for clients to meet potability and npdes discharge requirements. located in chagrin falls, ohio 



burning river lifts and elevators, llc
chuck begley installs and repairs home 
    elevators and stairlifts in northern ohio, 
    western pennsylvania, and the panhandle
    of west virginia.
    






christopher yeager books
christopher yeager is an author of humorous books about life in the suburbs of cleveland.



dr. tom difranco
dr. tom difranco is a psychologist with a practice in beachwood, ohio, and a non-psychological counselling practice in ft. myers, florida.

 


doreen sockel photography
doreen sockel is a professional photographer based in chesterland, ohio. this website showcases excellent examples of her work.



ez electric motor service
e-z electric specializes in the repair and service of electric motors and generators for various industries, government and municipalities. their facility in cleveland, ohio provides motor repair service for large and small companies throughout ohio, michigan, illinois, indiana, and west virginia. they provide motor repairs up to 5000 hp and on-site maintenance.
 

 


geauga family first council
the geauga family first council is a  collaborative of local agencies and community representatives who pool  resources and work together to strengthen geauga county families.  located in chardon, ohio





 help me grow 
help me grow is a voluntary program   for pregnant women and families with infants and toddlers between the ages of   birth and five years old.  the goal of the program is to assure that newborns,   infants, and toddlers have the best possible start in life. help me grow provides services that   promote children's growth and development and support families during their   children's early years.  located in chardon, ohio



joy's place assisted living
joy's place assisted living is located in munson, ohio, and provides private rooms in a group home setting.â  the home is designed to provide a bright, friendly homelike atmosphere, a safe environment with modern facilities.â  our staff are trained to provide knowledgeable care to people who are no longer able to live on their own but who still wish to retain independence and dignity.



kate kisicki art
kate kisicki is an artist in chesterland, oh. kate is a former student and now on the staff of the cleveland institute of art.
 



mk enterprises, inc.
electronic manufacturing services
mk enterprises, inc. is a producer of custom made electronic computer boards for manufacturing equipment.



munson township
munson township is located in geauga county in northeast ohio.

 

 



 
newbury township 
newbury township is located in geauga county in northeast ohio.
 



preferred source industrial
preferred source industrial acts as an agent in finding partners in industrial manufacturing, industrial cutting tools, gages, and manufacturing supplies. psi can source the highest quality products for your company at a reasonable cost. 


 



steven e. sender cpa
sender cpa  provides tax, accounting, and business advisory services to the closely held business and its owners. they also provide tax planning and compliance services to the individual taxpayer.

 

 



training log 2025
for 42 years, phil kasunick has been publishing the ultimate training log for runners. track daily, monthly, and annual traing times and distances.

 


daitokai international usa
this is the usa branch of the daitokai international group under antonino certa shihan based in milan, italy. the martial art taught is daito-ryu aiki budo.



 hugh 
        cassidy's martial arts page
my 
        favorite martial arts sites
 
 

 



fudoshin dojo of cleveland
in march of 2020, sensei hugh cassidy was awarded the right to open the fudoshin dojo of cleveland as a member of the international daitokai. our class is located at the metzenbaum center in chesterland, ohio where we teach daito-ryu aikijujutsu, jiu-jitsu, and basic self-defense.



midwest jiu-jitsu association (mjja)
traditional 
        jiu-jitsu instruction in greater cleveland. our class is located at the karate institute of mentor, ohio, on sunday mornings. 
 
 
 

 



the dojo-usa
in 2023, master bob fields opened a martial arts dojo in grafton, oh, specializing in goshin jutsu karate, aiki-jutsu, daito-ryu, reike hands, and other martial arts courses for youth and adults.



the united self defense federation
a national 
        martial arts organization 
      based in cleveland, ohio, with members representing a wide array of martial arts dojos in northeast ohio and pennsylvania.
 
 





services 
        available

update your website
is your 
          existing website outdated or stale?  cassidy web creations can help with ongoing changes 
            to your website by offering competitive rates for website maintenance.  changes can include  images, 
            links, photos, form scripts, pdf files and databases.  digital photos can be taken at 
            your site and modified for optimal performance on the web.  outside of the 
            cleveland area, sites can easily be managed and modified using ftp and email. 
email 
          services 
is managing 
          corporate email taking up too much of your time?  cassidy web creations can help by setting 
          up email services for your company and managing changes to your accounts.  
          we can also help with your email campaigns and customer feedback surveys.  for email campaigns, we recommend constant contact as an online distributor of email content.
graphic 
          design and publishing
if 
          you are in need of graphics design or desktop publishing work, we can help.  
          contact us for a  reasonable quote on your project.  for heavy-duty design and print media to support your website, we recommend dynamic design & systems, inc., located in chagrin falls, ohio.
video editing services
emmy award winning dennis cassidy will be helping us to provide top quality video production and editing services.  if you have raw video that you want made into a commercial, movie, or youtube video, contact cassidy web creations for more information.


website 
          maintenance
cassidy web creations can 
          take the pain out of managing your own website by offering routine website 
            maintenance.  this service includes:  acting as a liaison between you and your web host; changing text, 
          graphics, links and files on your site as needed; search engine optimization; 
          and routine reviews of your website themes to ensure freshness. this enables 
          you to spend more time on the core competencies of your business.


location
cassidy web creations is located 
          in chesterland, ohio, a suburb of cleveland in geauga county. we provide a variety of options to help you or your organization gain a meaningful 
          presence on the internet. we are located near cleveland, ohio, but manage accounts in several states, and we can manage websites 
          anywhere in the world using ftp and email. for more information about cassidy web creations, please contact us at 440-479-5682, or by email at hugh@cwcreate.com.
memberships
member of the lake county impact club of the mentor rotary
john carroll university alumnus

facebook
twitter









contact 
          us 


cassidy 
            web creations
            p.o. box 213
          chesterland, oh  44026
e-mail: hugh@cwcreate.com 

phone: 
          (440) 479-5682





 


use the form below to contact us by email:


your name



your email address



subject



message


email forms




image verification



please enter the text from the image 

                      [ refresh image ] [ what's this? ]














for client ftp access, in your ftp program use the server name ftp.cwcreate.com
login name:  cwc@cwcreate.com  password:  cwc1@

 
site design by cassidy 
            web creations
site 
              last updated
              october 26, 2024




  




