








sanibel island rentals | vacation condos by blind pass condominiums
























new reservation notice.







sanibel island vacation condo rentals



 800-852-2038





facebook





pinterest





youtube





instagram





blog





search



submit









 800-852-2038







rental search

2 bedroom condo
3 bedroom condo
2 bedroom townhouse
2 bedroom condo with screened porch
2 bedroom townhouse with screened porch
3 bedroom condo with screened porch
sanibel island vacation rental properties a-z
holiday vacation rentals
sanibel captiva island vacation rentals



property information

property map
book direct & save
amenities
blind pass condominium info
complex virtual tour
job openings



guest info

guest reviews
blog
about us
airport driving directions
blind pass rules & regulations 
vacation rental agreement 
rental rates
check in/out instructions 
generali travel insurance policy information
cancellation policy



area info

sanibel island
things to do


faq
newsletter sign-up
contact




















arrival



departure




must haves

courtyard view
pool view
ground floor
second floor







advanced search
















our recovery
one of our blind pass condo owners took the time to put together this video of our recovery process. enjoy!

 more details








property map
find the building that works best for you. you can choose to be closest to the beach, the heated pool or find a private corner all to yourself!

 more details








our amenities
appreciate the beauty of nature at award-winning bowman's beach. enjoy our world-class beach, heated pool, lounge chairs and private walkways.

 more details








things to do
learn about sanibel island's favorite attractions, restaurants, bike and beach rentals and places to shop.

 more details











we are now taking reservations!

blind pass condominiums is the perfect choice for anyone seeking sanibel island vacation rentals on the world-renowned island in the gulf of mexico. nestled within abundant tropical foliage, blind pass offers spacious two and three bedroom condo rentals as well as townhouse vacation rentals, thoughtfully decorated and equipped with the conveniences you'll want. some of our sanibel island rentals even have private screened in porches! ! 
with one of the top ten secluded beaches in america, bowman's beach, just steps away. we're confident blind pass has the amenities and location that's just perfect for your sanibel captiva island getaway. just outside your door are quiet courtyards and winding footpaths lined with lush landscaping, setting the tone for leisurely nature strolls. for the active crowd, head over to the tennis court or swim a few laps in the free-form pool.
 when you're done, you'll find the sun deck's generous space a great place to relax on a chaise lounge. our vacation rental homes will make sure you have all the comforts of home!  go enjoy what everyone else raves about in southwest florida. sanibel island has beautiful beaches, with gulf views for days. the beach also faces southwest, so the sunset views are amazing. sanibel island is also known for its shelling, fishing and the views of gulf of mexico are hard to beat. 
please browse our condo rentals, dive into our amenities section and follow us on facebook and instagram to make your vacation on sanibel island one you'll never forget. thank you for visiting us and we look forward to having you as our guest!
















recent blog post
escape the cold and book your stay at blind pass condos!

welcome 2025! we are open and have so much to offer our guests. our heated pool is open, the bridge project is complete, the tennis and pickleball courts are ready and kayaks are available for all guests that book through our blind. . . read more




testimonial
"this is our 3rd year staying at blind pass condos! every year we are more impressed with how friendly and homey the complex is! such nice people, comfortable amenities and most amazing beach! any issues we have are quickly resolved ! each year there are upgrades and the buildings are well maintained. can't wait for next year!" ~ kara g.















quick links

home
about us
owner's portal 
blind pass website accessibility statement 



contact

blind pass condominium
5117 sea bell road
sanibel island, fl 33957
phone (toll free):  800-852-2038
phone:  239-472-6981





copyright © 2025 blind pass condominium. all rights reserved.

sanibel island website design by intercoastal net designs


































×







we are now taking reservations!
keep up to date with our rebuilding progress and availability by signing up for our journey back to paradise newsletter.
read more














