









eastern carolina workforce development board new bern nc












 











search
contact us








about

 about us

 board of directors, consortium, & committees

 meetings

 ncworks career centers



job seekers

 job seeker services

 training assistance

 preparing for a career

 arpa substance use assistance

 military

 veterans and transitioning service members

 military spouse resources 

 military to civilian resources



 ncworks career centers



employers

 business services

 arpa start now

 on-the-job training

 incumbent worker training

 work opportunity tax credit

 ncworks business edge

 rapid response & warn act

 agribusiness

 ncworks career centers



nextgen youth

 nextgen youth program

 ourfutureenc

 carolina across 100 opportunity youth

 service providers



media & resources

 media

 news

 success stories

 events

 e-newsletters

 videos



 labor market information

 regional

 wdb profile

 wdb dashboard

 carteret area profile

 craven area profile

 duplin area profile

 greene area profile

 jones area profile

 lenoir area profile

 onslow area profile

 pamlico area profile

 wayne area profile



 resources

 online resources

 county resources

 state resources

 national resources

 non-profit associations resources

 non-profit human resources

 private sector resources



 tools

 traitify

 nccareers.org



 documents

 document search

 document center

 policy issuances



 locations

 ncworks career center locations

 k-12 schools

 community colleges

 youth service providers





account

login











previous slide
next slide








                              job seekersemployment, education, and training services
learn more










                              employersfind qualified workers and succeed in your industry
learn more










                              nextgen youth programset yourself up for a successful future
learn more











  







we want to help you succeed


the eastern carolina workforce development board serves the needs of individuals and employers across the region. we engage business and community leaders in addressing workforce issues and promote strategies to improve basic workforce skills; assist job seekers in finding a great job, or to get the education, training, and funds they need; and help employers find qualified workers and assist them with their business needs.  




 





job seeker services
we connect job seekers with available job opportunities, and if you are not qualified, we will help you find the resources to get the necessary training and education.
learn more







business services
we work with employers to connect them with individuals who have the talent, skills, and education to fill new jobs. we provide you with the resources to compete in the marketplace.
learn more







nextgen youth services
we can help you achieve your educational goals and pursue a career pathway of your choice.
learn more







ncworks career centers
dedicated career advisors provide a variety of employment and training services all in one location.
learn more






recent news



annual report py23-24

                            this annual report captures the dedication, commitment, and hard work of our staff, ncworks partners, and service providers, who enabled us to deliver quality services to businesses and individuals in need over the past year.                        
read more




notice of public comment-wioa local plan

                            wioa requires each wdb to develop and submit, in partnership with the local chief elected official, a comprehensive four-year plan. this plan is made available for public comment for the 30-day period beginning april 9, 2024 through may 9, 2024.                        
read more




veteran craig is awarded life-changing free car!

                            timothy baker, onslow county ncworks hybrid veterans’ career employment services consultant ii, helped a veteran receive a free car!                        
read more

















start now
the eastern carolina workforce development board’s startnow initiative is a way for local small businesses and job seekers to have success today with work- based learning. it provides the tools, strategies and resources for small businesses and individuals to grow and prosper. learn more 










ourfutureenc
the myfuturenc educational attainment collaborative is a statewide initiative to have an additional 2 million high-quality credentials or postsecondary degrees obtained by individuals between the ages of 25-44 by 2030. regions across the state have joined the effort to encourage educational attainment, and the nine county region of the eastern carolina workforce development board applied for and received a grant to participate in this initiative under the collaborative name, "ourfutureenc." learn more 










success stories
workforce development is all about helping to create successful individuals and successful businesses. here you can find the testimonials of past participants who's lives were positively impacted by our programs.  learn more 







tools to help you get started!









eastern carolina workforce development board area profile
visit for the latest regional labor market overview 







ncworks online has gone mobile!
download the ncworks online app from google play or the apple app store and search for jobs near you at any time! 







traitify
traitify is a fun and interactive visual tool that will help you chart a career with a well-paying job in our region. take the short assessment and get career results today. 







reality check
reality check from the north carolina department of commerce is a fun, new online tool designed to estimate the income necessary to support your desired lifestyle. state where you’d like to live in north carolina and how you spend your money. from there, you’ll be directed to jobs that meet your financial needs. 







questions?        let us know!
ph. (252) 636-6901 ecwdb is here to help you identify effective solutions to help you meet your workforce development needs. contact us today! 











first name



last name



email



phone




message



submit














eastern carolina workforce development board

	1341 south glenburnie road
        new bern, nc    			 28562

get directions


twitter @ecwdb
facebook 
youtube 
linkedin 
instagram 

subscribe to our newsletter!





connect

          mon - fri: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm


    	p. (252) 636-6901
	        	t. 1-877-916-6901
admin@ecwdb.org 

copyright © 2025 
      eastern carolina workforce development board      
privacy policy | 
      site map



an equal opportunity employer
an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities. (tty) 1-800-735-2962 (voice) 1-800-735-8262. this website was funded by the employment and training administration of the us department of labor as part of an award to the nc department of commerce and ecwdb in 2020 with 0% financed from non-governmental sources. 







                    site by kaleidoscopic powered by pagecraftcms

















