









amber park 安珀苑 by cdl - +65 61000721 singapore


































































  









amber park is fully sold!
freehold new launch with seaview



get vvip discounts














home
developer
architect
amber park 

project details
unit mix
location map
site plan
floor plan
pricing
gallery
video
e-brochure
elevation chart
balance units chart


marine parade 

geylang and marine parade ura master plan


en bloc news 

collective sales sites in amber/meyer locality
parkway mansion sold for $146.99mil to sustained land-led consortium
cdl, hong leong unit snap up amber park for $906.7m, setting new record for freehold property sold en bloc
freehold katong plot could fetch up to $61m
nanak mansions in meyer road sold en bloc for $201.1m
the albracca at meyer road sold for s$69.1 million in en bloc deal


press 

positive start for sales of three private residences
condo resale prices up 0.5% in february from january: srx property


financing 

stamp duty
payment scheme
housing loan information
——————— calculators ———————
maximum loan eligibility calculator (tdsr)
progressive payment calculator
rental yield calculator


showflat 

book appointment (get discount)
registration status


contact
 















 





 

for sales enquiries 

get developer price   

6100-0721 







 

for sales enquiries 

get developer price   

6100-0721 







 

for sales enquiries 

get developer price   

6100-0721 



 




amber park condo latest updateslast updated: 18th february 2025


latest unit sold: #20-06 on 09-march-2022 | see the balance units chart




amber park is fully sold!





18-02-2025: book an appointment to view amber park condo showflat and get direct developer price + early bird discounts. no agent fees! utilize the max loan eligibility calculator (tdsr) in this website to check your loan eligibility.
18-02-2025: units are selling fast! check the updated amber park price!
09-03-2022: #20-06 sold!
03-03-2022: #11-16 sold!
03-03-2022: #14-07 sold!
02-03-2022: #18-26 sold!
28-04-2019: guide price released! from $1.186 mil only. for more details, check the amber park price list.
25-04-2019: download the full floor plan of amber park and e-brochure of amber park!
05-04-2019: read up on the famous architect of amber park, chan soo khian.
06-03-2019: check out the newly released amber park project details.
01-03-2019: check out the amenities near amber park.

 
view past updates










amber park guide price for each unit type
bedroom typeguide price$psf1 bedroom + study / 1 bedroom + ensuite study (463sf)from $1.186 mil$2452psf2 bedroom (700sf)from $1.664 mil$2378psf2 bedroom + study (678sf, showflat unit type)from $1.651 mil$2436psf3 bedroom (947sf)from $2.184 mil$2307psf3 bedroom (1109sf, showflat unit type)from $2.647 mil$2388psf4 bedroom (1572sf)from $3.481 mil$2215psf4 bedroom premium (1582sf, private lift)from $3.729 mil$2357psf4 bedroom + study (1302sf)from $3.027 mil$2325psf5 bedroom premium (2142sf, private lift, showflat unit type)from $5.030 mil$2348psf5 bedroom + study (2336sf, private lift)from $5.649 mil$2419psf


(the prices for the bedroom types in amber park shown in the table above are meant as a guide only. for updated current prices, please refer to amber park pricing. the developer reserves all rights to make changes to the prices at any time without prior notice)

to view a more detailed table providing the stack numbers and the number of units for each bedroom type, proceed to amber park price list.






rebirth of a freehold icon in d15 for the next generation








amber park condo developer


the developer of the freehold marine parade condo amber park is aquarius properties pte ltd.
the holding company formed for the purpose of overseeing the development of amber park condo, aquarius properties is jointly owned by citizens development pte ltd and hong realty pte ltd.
citizens development pte ltd is a subsidiary company under city developments ltd (cdl), while hong realty pte ltd is part of hong leong group.
with more than half a century experience in development of properties, the portfolio of cdl includes the newly launched district 10 ultra high-end condo of boulevard 88, the iconic district 1 project the sail @ marina bay and parkshore, which is a district 15 freehold condo in tanjong rhu.
being one of the leading real estate developers in singapore, some of the properties developed by hong leong are commonwealth towers, one shenton and the meyerise, a condo in the nearby meyer road locale.
with its impending launch in april 2019, the pricing of amber park condo would likely appeal to residents staying in marine parade and within walking distance to tanjong katong mrt station.








amber park condo location map


amber park condo is a new district 15 freehold condominium at amber gardens.
nestled in a private residential enclave of marine parade estate, residents of the condo can reach the cbd and orchard road easily via the nearby expressways of ecp or pie, public buses and mrt, which will be operational when the tanjong katong mrt station is ready.
as marine parade is one of the most mature and developed estate in singapore, amber park is walking distance to a wide selection of food, recreational and shopping amenities. it is also conveniently located near the east coast park, which offers many leisure and sporting activities in the sea, beach and park.
amber park is within one kilometre radius from tanjong katong primary school. beyond one kilometre but within two kilometres of the project, there are the good primary schools of tao nan school and kong hwa school to choose from. both primary schools are sap (special assistance plan) schools.
the amber park location map would provide greater details of the amenities in the vicinity of the d15 freehold condo.








amber park condo showflat


amber park showflat viewings are strictly via appointment.
to view the showflat, kindly register online for an appointment.
the showflat may be closed on a few days of the month or be closed earlier on selected days for maintenance purposes. hence, it is best to call us at +65 6100-0721 to make sure the showroom is open.






amber park showroom



buyers would be greeted by a rotating architectural model of the project when they enter the showflat. there would be a elevated platform that encompass half of the masterfully built project model that allows buyers an overview of the stratosphere, which is the rooftop facilities level of amber park on the 22nd floor.
the showroom will showcase 3 floor plan types. one of the layouts is type b2, which is a 2 bedroom + study and has an area 678sf.
another layout available for viewing is a typical 3 bedroom, type c2a. this unit type is the 3 bigger unit type for the 3-bedroom and has an area of 1109sf.
the third amber park showflat layout is the 5 bedroom premium, type e2. this unit type features a 6-metre high ceiling in the living and dining room due to a double volume strata void area above the rooms. the area of this layout is an awe-inspiring 2142sf.
buyers would be wowed by the high quality finishing and the well-planned layouts available in amber park.
all units for sale at amber park are based on a first come first serve basis.


book an appointment to get direct developer pricebook an appointment


amber park by cdl & hong leong group





amber park is a brand-new freehold district 15 condominium developed by cdl and hong realty. the condo is located at 16/18/18a amber gardens, in the sea-fronting amber locale of marine parade estate.
spanning a huge land area of 213,670 square feet and with frontage on both amber gardens and amber road, amber park will be one of the biggest, new freehold condominium in the amber vicinity with such a big site area.
by virtue of its proximity to east coast park, south-facing high floor apartments of amber park would enjoy breathtaking views of the sea and all year round of sea breeze. future residents of the marine parade freehold condominium can look forward to the many sporting and recreational activities that east coast park can offer, such as weekend strolls along the beach, having picnics in the park, cycling, and participating in water sports. purchasers of the sea-fronting condo would enjoy the relaxing and idyllic atmosphere that residing near east coast park can offer.
situated at the rest of core region (rcr) of singapore, amber park condo enjoys close proximity to expressways like east coast parkway (ecp), kallang-paya lebar expressway (kpe) and marina coastal expressway (mce). with the ecp expressway just 2 minutes’ drive from amber park, residents of the condominium can reach the city or the airport via car within 15 minutes. driving to mce and kpe from the project takes just 8 minutes and 9 minutes respectively.
there is one great advantage of the amber park having direct access to the road amber gardens when driving. after exiting the road amber gardens into tanjong katong road south, one will hit the ecp and can choose to travel either eastwards towards changi airport, or westwards towards the city. if one exits the road into tanjong katong road south from amber road, one can only travel towards changi airport as the slip road to the city is not accessible from there. residents staying in developments which are on amber road typically have to make a round turn to amber gardens if they wish to travel to the city.
situated just 270 metres from the development is the tanjong katong mrt station, which is part of the thomson east coast line, a fully underground mrt line which travels through the northern region, the central region and the eastern region of singapore. this adds another convenient mode of public transportation to the residents of amber park, who can use it to travel to the city or changi airport. the capital appreciation of the property is also expected to rise in tandem with the completion of the mrt station.
amber park condo will be built on the former site of the original amber park. cdl and hong realty bought the former amber park in an en bloc sale on oct 2017. cdl is incidentally the developer of the original amber park, which is recognizable from afar by the distinctive circular balconies of every unit. completed in 1986, the former amber park comprised of 200 apartments housed in two 27-storey residential towers at 14 amber gardens and 16 amber gardens.
the new amber park condo is designed by the renowned architectural firm of scda architects, which is known for their works on luxurious district 9 and district 10 condominiums like cluny park residences, twentyone auguilla park and leedon residence. led by the famous chan soo kian, one of scda’s more recent and outstanding works is the frasers property developed rivière, an exquisite singapore river fronting condo built on the site of the former zouk. scda expertly blended the concepts of light, space, order and materiality to produce an architectural masterpiece in rivière. the two latest residential developments by scda that have achieved top are the district 10 condos of cuscaden reserve and 19 nassim.
the main contractor for amber park is the construction firm unison construction pte ltd. the firm was founded in 2009 by a gathering of like-minded former colleagues who have vast experience in the construction business. with a past project references list inclusive of tomlinson heights at tomlinson road, thomson three at bright hill drive and the recently top condominium of principal gardens at prince charles crescent, and coupled with several accolades they have achieved in previous years, purchasers of amber park can be assured that the district 15 freehold development will come with excellent finishing.
project details
amber park comprises 3 residential towers, as opposed to 2 blocks in the former amber park. each of the three residential block is 21-storey high, with the communal garden on the 22nd storey joining the top of the 3 blocks. the facilities area on the 22nd floor is aptly named “the stratosphere” as it is perched 235 feet above sea level against the stunning backdrop of the sea. the stratosphere will feature a 600-metre sky jogging track and unparalleled panoramic sea views from the various facilities located on the 22nd floor of amber park.
the district 15 condo offers choices of 1 – 5 bedrooms, and 4 penthouses in the development. 3 of the penthouses are floor plan type ph1, which has 6 bedrooms and an huge area of 4,392 square feet. the other penthouse is floor plan type ph2, which at 5,005 square feet, is the biggest apartment in amber park. the unit has 6 bedrooms and a study room spread across two levels. the total number of units in the freehold development would number 592.
the expected temporary occupation permit (top) date of amber park is 3rd quarter of 2023.
collective sales sites in amber/meyer vicinity
the en bloc sale of the original amber park was part of the succession of 5 collective sales that took place in the amber/meyer vicinity in the second half of 2017. the other four en bloc sales sites were the amalgamation of a few landed properties at amber road (with the new development named as nyon condo @ 12 amber), parkway mansion (renamed as coastline residences), the albracca (with one meyer being the new condo name) and nanak mansions (which will be named as meyerhouse).
among the 5 sites, amber park possesses the biggest site area and naturally commands the most attention and anticipation out of the five projects.
the 5 collective sales that occurred in the second half of 2017 was subsequently followed by the acquisitions of katong park towers by bukit sembawang in march 2018, and casa meyfort by guocoland in july 2018. both projects are in the meyer road vicinity.
bukit sembawang will launch a new development named liv@mb on the previous site of katong park towers while a new 200-unit condo named meyer mansion will be the successor project to the former casa meyfort.
culinary options
amber park is blessed by the wide variety of food choices surrounding the condo. restaurants housed in shophouses in the precincts of joo chiat, tanjong katong, and katong offer sumptuous peranakan food, especially katong laksa. the multitude of peranakan cuisine available is due to the area being selected by wealthy peranakans to reside in from the early to mid 20th century.
the vicinity of the freehold condo also offers many types of delicious food besides nyonya food. a famous chicken rice stall can be found in the basement food court of katong shopping centre. there are a few food stalls in joo chiat vying to serve the best wanton mee in the east. one can sample the tasty yong tau fu from the famous ampang niang tou fu. the unparalleled beach road prawn noodle with its strong and flavorful soup base can also be found nearby at east coast road.
the development is situated near the iconic marine parade central market and food centre, which is located at 84 marine parade central. some of the must-visit hawker stalls serving sumptuous food include apollo fresh cockle fried kway teow, d’authentic nasi lemak, neptune hong kong dim sum and xin long cooked food.
the condo is located near the highly popular parkway parade, which is one of singapore’s biggest suburban shopping centres. the shopping mall has a retail space of approximately 565,697 square feet and offers shoppers a myriad of dining options through the food republic food court at the basement, and restaurants like putien, treasures yi dian xin, sushiro, swensen’s and jack’s place.
schools around project
there are several good schools near amber park for parents to choose from.
for primary schools, within 1 kilometre of the condominium is tanjong katong primary school. primary schools within a 2 kilometre radius of the project include kong hwa school, tao nan school, haig girls’ school, chij (katong) primary. among these schools, kong hwa school and tan nan school are special assistance plan (sap) primary schools, which offer higher chinese in their curriculum.
for excellent secondary schools, there are tanjong katong secondary school, chueng cheng high school (main) and the leading school of dunman high school to make a selection from. dunman high school offers both the special assistance plan (sap) and the integrated programme, which is a 6-year curriculum allowing students to skip the gce o-level examination in the 4th year and proceed to take the gce a-level examination at the end of year 6.
canadian international school, which is situated less than half a kilometre from the marine parade condo, can be a source of tenants for the project.
urban redevelopment authority (ura) master plan
amber park is strategically located in the east coast of singapore under marine parade estate. the marine parade estate is situated near the central business district (cbd) of singapore and lies west of bedok, which is a mature estate in district 16 and has 3 shopping centres – bedok mall, bedok point and djitsun mall bedok.
the estates of marine parade and geylang, which together make up the geylang/ marine parade urban redevelopment authority (ura) planning area of singapore, are two of the most mature estates in the country. the singapore government has made plans to regenerate the two established estates with the addition of commercial projects, retail shopping areas and neighbourhood parks.
paya lebar central, located just 2.5km from amber park, has been selected as a new sub-regional centre. one of the biggest projects at paya lebar central is paya lebar quarter, a mega integrated development which is linked to paya lebar mrt interchange. the integrated mixed-use project comprises of 3 commercial towers, a brand-new condo named park place residences at plq and a new shopping mall called plq mall. the offices in paya lebar quarter are grade a offices, which will feature the highest quality tenants. when the offices which have a total area close to 1 million square feet are fully operational, there would be a large pool of expats seeking accommodation and amber park would be a principal beneficiary.
the completions of all these plans would help in the capital appreciation of amber park.
floor plan and e-brochure
aspiring purchasers with strong interest in buying a unit at amber park can proceed to view amber park floor plan and amber park e-brochure, both of which are available for download in pdf.





book an appointment to view  amber park condo showflat & get vvip discounts (limited time), direct developer price, & hardcopy e-brochure. guaranteed with best price possible.orfill up the form on the right and get a copy of amber park condo price, e-brochure, and latest updates!strictly no spam policy.





send me e-brochure, floor plan & pricing nowenquiry*-financingpurchaseview showflatcpf fund usageloan eligibility (ltv)total debt servicing ratio (tdsr)additional buyer stamp duty (absd)i want updates onlyothersname*mobile*email*make an appointment?*-i have some questions and i would like to make an appointment to discuss in detailsno appointment required for nowmessageacceptance of privacy policy*i have read and agree to the privacy policynamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 



























amber park developer: aquarius properties pte ltd
developer license no: c1259
uen no: 201729224k
mukim lot: mk25-04111n
expected top: 3rd quarter 2023
expected csc: 31 july 2024

 





proudly developed bysite linksamber park
developer
floor plan
pricing
book appointment
contact us
 





contact us





							amber park						





10:00 am - 7:00 pm





+65 6100-0721





sales@theamberpark.com



 







 










 




sitemap | disclaimer
copyright ©  | www.theamberpark.com | all rights reserved 
 amber park | aquarius properties pte ltd |
				+65 6100 0721 
no part of this website may be reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise distributed in whole or in part in any manner without the permission of the copyright owner
propnex realty pte ltd | l3008022j | bertram tian | r009497a 




 





error: content is protected !!





d






official website 

get direct developer price and vvip discounts!view the showflat now! 









«»
c































