



 




channel 7 communications


























































 















 
















home
about us
what we offer
who we are
get in touch
 








get in touch 




 



















 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 



 







 



 



 





				advertising, to me, is more than just a profession, it is a life one has to live, a discipline that transcends the boundaries of commerce and reaches the very core of our humanity. advertising is not just about selling products or services but about creating a connection with people on a deeper level, one that speaks to their values, aspirations, and dreams. 			

jawad humayun

group chairman







 











 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 



 







 



 



 





				advertising is a non-personal effort to increase the volume of sales by utilizing media vehicles through owned, earned, and paid media. we create a brand identity for a client with distinction, enabling it to stay on top of emerging trends.			

sayyed ahmed masud

managing director







 















 







 







 












why choose us 



a brief intro 



							with the dawn of human civilization, people have strived to communicate through signals, words, manuscripts, books till contemporary digital world. it is an essential part of what makes us human. the need to communicate continues to this day and we, at  channel 7 communications since its inception in 1990, are here to cater to this essential need.						






discover more



 


















 






















 











what we do 











							at  channel 7 communications, we offer a wide range of essential services to meet all your communication needs. our expertise includes brand development, conventional media productions, digital solutions, public relations, and media services. we have a proven track record to partner with you to achieve your dreams and objectives. our ` yes we can` attitude enables us to deliver out of the box solutions tailored to your unique requirements.						














discover more



 















 



what we offer 



 



 



 



 



 







brand development• brand identity
• brand strategy
• brand messaging
• marketing strategy
 







 
read more











production• television commercials
• corporate & digital promos
• storyboarding & photography
• dvc (digital video commercial) 







 
read more











digital• digital strategy
• web design & development
• e-commerce
• social media marketing 







 
read more











media• media & reach strategy
• buying & planning
• multichannel execution & placement
• integration 







 
read more















 
for more services



















testimonials 



what our clients say 



channel7 stays ahead of the curve with digital marketing trends. 







 

















throughout the curse of the project, the team channel 7 demonstrated exceptional skills, knowledge, dedication and commitment towards delivering high-quality deliverables within given timeframe.we wish them the best of luck of for their future endeavors.sarfaraz kazmidirector advocacy and communication rahnuma fpap 





as a client who availed their creative, design and production services, i was impressed with their prompt delivery, cooperation, and exceptional quality of work. their team was always available to address my concerns and suggestions, making the entire process seamless and stress-free. i can confidently say that their services have exceeded my expectations, and i am delighted with the results. thank you, channel 7 communications, for your dedication and commitment to delivering the best. i highly recommend their services to anyone in need of top-notch advertising services.customer international islamic university, islamabad 


 


 









































 




							info@channel.com.pk						














 




							www.channel7.com.pk						














 




							051-2342134						















 











peshawarfirst floor, new cantonment plaza, bara road, peshawar cantt.
tel:+92-91-5252051 
 







 











lahorehouse 1-b, white house lane 2, sunderdas road lahore.
tel: +92-42-36361177

 







 











islamabad3rd floor, office tower, fazal-e-haq road,blue area,  islamabad- pakistan. 
tel: +92-51-2342134 







 











karachiground floor,188-q, block 2,pechs,karachi.

tel: +92-21-34300791-2 







 











dubaioffice# 15, second floor,building a5,
dtec, d.s.o, dubai, u.a.e.

tel: +971 55 110 1953 











copyrights © 2018 channel 7. all rights reserved 










 




							info@channel7.com.pk						














 




							051-2342134						














linkedin
 



facebook-square
 



instagram
 

















×
how can i help you?


































