






the hummblebee family hive – what's the buzz…….

























		skip to content	



 



the hummblebee family hive
what's the buzz…….








    menu	
  
			scroll down to content		








posts





posted on january 7, 2025remember the internet? 


 


i’ve been remembering all the different iterations of the internet i’ve lived on and participated in.  my local library bbs.  america online.  geocities and netscape and yahoo and forums and myspace.  somewhere along the way facebook became ubiquitous.  they won the social media wars and it felt like the only place to reach friends, share our art and our family’s growth, build community.  i guess in a lot of ways, for us, it served its purpose.  but in a lot of other ways it also broke the rest of the internet.  it broke the sense of homegrown creativity and organic, interest-driven community that came with the “world wide web”.  i don’t know about you, but i got used to being spoon-fed while i was there.  in a pattern reminiscent of how i once played spider solitaire, i kept getting drawn back and scrolling just a little more.over the last few years i learned to temper my use of that website but it had my social patterns so maladjusted that i didn’t really properly compensate.  i became more and more reclusive on- and off-line.  even when i went back, i was self-aware enough that i didn’t want to feed the thing so i hardly ever posted, or even interacted meaningfully with other people’s posts.  just kept scrolling like an addict. 
of course it got a lot shittier.  i actually blamed myself and the way i used the platform for the changes i saw, and for a minute it actually made me start to interact with other posts more, or occasionally post myself.  i told myself i was reaching out to my community and it was a step in the right direction, socially/emotionally.  it didn’t change my experience as a user and it didn’t make me feel more socially engaged in any meaningful way.  
my day-job is heavily social and it burns me out of interacting with people.  it also continually reminds me how important it is to have our people to care for us, to build us up and to give us others to prioritize.  
this last year has been… a lot.  it has been a lot for the world.  i have felt overwhelmed more often than i can say.  i am also coming to understand my body and my brain in new ways, and learning to better support myself so that i can be a more active community member, in a check-on-your-friends kind of way.  in a remembering to text back or even text first kind of way.  i’m trying to treat this social part of me like an atrophied muscle – it just needs practice, exercise, stretching and resistance.  i’ll build it back up a little at a time.  
just like i’ll build up this website.  like our phone numbers, we’ve held onto it for many many years.  it has changed with the different eras of our life together but we have held onto it because we are not hiding who we are from anyone.  i’m not sure what is next in store for it, but i will try to refocus some of that scrolling energy into sharing my thoughts here.  i might be screaming into a void, but i think i was doing that before, too.  
i’ve also been dipping my toes into a little handiwork again, and ian has been playing with a fun new medium.  jubilee is blowing us away with their artwork and maybe we will all dabble in sharing our creations here again.  
the facebook pages will be gone by the end of the week.  i don’t know how it’ll go, but we are setting out into the wide open field of the internet.  reclaiming the world wide web.  planting a garden to share with the neighbors.  
see you out there in the somewhere.




posted on november 26, 2024november 27, 2024hello, world. 


we are here, we are here.  with slightly friendlier technology on this end and a little bit of motivation, we hope to be sharing more art with you again soon.
i randomly looked us up on the wayback machine since it recently came back to life and i found this blast from the past, circa 2007: https://web.archive.org/web/20070227085400/http://www.hummblebee.com:80/ i worked countless hours on that website and the camera we had was a relic, even at that time.  
i don’t know if we’ll ever set this up as a commercial website again.  i don’t know what it will be, but if i am going to publicly post thoughts, share art or ideas or family updates… it may as well be in a space we have ownership of.  i hope being set up to more easily post here will encourage us to be more active, both creatively and socially.  i do miss sharing creativity and community with like-minded folks… i don’t love that the rigors of late-stage capitalism have drained us of the energy to engage.
i can’t promise anything, but maybe you’ll hear from the rest of the family as well.  the youngest among us is also the most artistically prolific … who knows what the future might hold. hopefully something good. the world needs it.




posted on march 5, 2022march 5, 2022a delicious vegan breakfast bake that we’ve been enjoying! 

breakfast bake with just egg & beyond sausage
click the picture to link to the recipe page! 
we have made this several times and hit it out of the park every time! it does have a hour or so bake time but its fairly easy to prepare and makes enough for 3-5 to eat as much as they would want! the leftovers go great in a burrito ( or as a midnight snack ).we have found that not adding more sausage is a good thing, it tends to dominate the flavor, but adding in some fakon ( fake bacon ) is nice too. also, we use a ton of garlic in most of the bakes lately, like more than a bulb. we tend to favor bakes these days, partially because there’s usually leftovers, and it gives us time to clean up! the bread is really the heart of the bit, it soaks up the just egg and gives everything more texture. as far as cost, its in the medium range:
just egg = usually about $5.sausage= $5 for the package, but we only use 2 linksviolife cheese = $5 ( we use more than the called for cup , about a whole bag! )veg and whatnot =$5 or so
really not bad when considering eating out on a weekend morning for use usually runs about $60 all told, the work seems worth the payoff. we would love to have someone over to make this for sometime! <3 thanks to vaughn chambers at www.veganrecipehub.com for the great recipe idea! 




posted on march 5, 2022march 5, 2022thanks to one of our resident artists! 


from the north west corner…..   
thank you to the infamous jubilee balmer for the wonderful custom banner artwork! its exactly what i wanted, and in quick time, too! <3




posted on february 7, 2022february 7, 2022hello friends, old and new. 

maybe we have met before. perhaps we crossed paths on the road, maybe we were vending at an event where you saw us. did someone refer you to us, or maybe tell you we make an item they own that you commented on? maybe someone gifted you with one of our creations!
you could have met us more recently, in our local community, and in our capacity as parents, children, teachers, or students.
there are three humans in our family: linnea, ian, and jubilee.
it’s been a long and meandering path to get where we are today and we will likely share it with you here in little bits and pieces. these days, we make things mostly for fun and less often for sale.
we get up to a lot of learning, thinking, and working to love each other the best we can. hopefully we can use this space once again and more regualarly to keep y’all posted on our family’s happenings and progresses and interests. now that jubilee is so much more grown and has a lot to say for themself, maybe they will even share an occasional artwork or story with you.
none of us are much for social media these days but that doesn’t mean we don’t want to update those who care to know about what is happening in our lives.







email us!
recent posts
remember the internet?
hello, world.
a delicious vegan breakfast bake that we’ve been enjoying!
thanks to one of our resident artists!
hello friends, old and new.

searchsearchrecent commentslinnea on hello friends, old and new.machiner on hello friends, old and new.






archives january 2025
november 2024
march 2022
february 2022
categories life updates

uncategorized

 



		proudly powered by wordpress	










































































































































































