







obad 













































        
          
            obad 
          
        
      




















































support


              about
            

              events
            

              site c projects
            

              contact us
            



              donate
            





back


              peer support groups
            


















































support

peer support groups

abouteventssite c projectscontact us





                
                  
                    obad 
                  
                
              




donate









scroll






  

    mental wellness
  

    it's about community mental health
  

find support

 









 the organization for bipolar affective disorders (obad) is a non-profit organization promoting mental wellness through peer support, community education and creative collaboration.mental illness affects how you think about yourself, relate to others, and interact with the world around you. we believe that community support by individuals with lived experience is essential for wellness and recovery, and that creativity and self-expression develops self-awareness and builds esteem.




    learn more
  







  get involved


  donate now


  help adults and families find the support needed to manage their illness and their lives.




    donate
  

 
  volunteer


  there's no better way to get involved and make an impact than to become an active member yourself!






      
        volunteer
      
    


volunteer sign up





              email
              
                *







thank you for expressing your interest in volunteering at obad. if you need support or require information, please contact us at info@obad.ca.those interested in volunteering, we kindly ask that you provide the following details along with your contact information to help us match you with suitable volunteer opportunities:availability: please let us know the days and times you are available for volunteering.interests and preferences: share your areas of interest (e.g., event planning, fundraising, administrative tasks), preferred volunteer roles or activities, and any specific skills or experiences you wish to utilize or develop.experience and skills: tell us about your previous volunteer or work experience, relevant skills or certifications, and any special training or qualifications you possess.once we receive this information, we will review it and contact you regarding the next steps.thank you once again for your interest in supporting obad. warm regards,anthony prestonexecutive directororganization for bipolar affective disordersapreston@obad.caobad.ca












 


“the greatness of a community is most accurately measured by the compassionate actions of its members.”

— coretta scott king







 upcoming events











anthony preston, working on it. courtesy of the artist.





we are looking for our next projectobad and sitec completed their last project which was held at contemporary calgary.  




    learn more
  

 









home-banner



home-intro



home-get-involved



home-quote



home-events














obad



aboutsupporteventscontact usdonate



facebookinstagram





copyright © 2023 obad









