












central mosquito control - professional solutions
























































 









 























explore our formulas        




 








 












 










explore our formulas

































 



products



catalog


cost calculator


distributors


 



uas technologies

 



about us



history


customers


enivronmental compatibility


find a sales rep


 



resources



literature


videos


field tests & faqs


latest news


disease information


 









 



 




get rebates


sds/labels


contact


 
























 
 



 












 






mosquito control
evolved
take control




















a superior class of solutions


our comprehensive line of mosquito control solutions is driven by our commitment to science and the experience of our team members who have worked in the field and walked in your shoes. we pioneered the original insect growth regulator, (s)-methoprene, creating a class of control that breaks the insect’s life cycle during critical development stages. we are committed to remaining on the cutting edge of industry technology to deliver the most effective and efficient solutions possible. this is mosquito control evolved. evolved by innovation.





your browser does not support the video tag.



 
















engineered by ingenuity
central life sciences operates at the forefront of mosquito control to deliver the solutions mads need to fight back against the mosquitoes of tomorrow, with the most advanced tools available today.
moving industry forward







uas/drone
technology
central life sciences offers an extensive collection of extended-residual granular larvicides that perfectly complement drone and uas technology for an elevated level of mosquito control. elevated by science.
maximize drone effectiveness







wide area
larvicideapplications
increasingly popular for larval mosquito control, wide area larvicide application systems effectively target  mosquitoes in both urban and rural environments.
discover the benefits




maximize savings: earn cash back on mosquito control solutions



7%
cash back
hurry, there’s still time! purchase eligible products like altosid® larvicides, duplex™-g larvicide, fourstar® microbials, and zenivex® adulticides from central life sciences and earn up to 7% cash back.

the 2024 all clear rebate applies to qualifying purchases made between january 1, 2024, and december 31, 2024. 
protect your budgets






 

















discover the future of mosquito control at amca 2025


join central life sciences at the 91st amca annual meeting in puerto rico, march 3-7, 2025! stop by booth #320 to connect with our team and explore the latest innovations in mosquito control.


learn more



 












central mosquito
view all





central to insect control: protecting public health









be vectorious









mosquito control solutions for drone technology








 











join our email list
want to stay up to date with ways you can get a superior level of mosquito control? sign up to join our newsletter and we’ll send you our tips on mosquito control evolved.
sign up

 












stay at the forefront





news





discover the latest updates, trends, and insights on mosquito control and our innovative products.


read the news






videos





explore a collection of videos showcasing our mosquito control products, innovative technologies, and application techniques.


view our videos






literature





access additional resources and information to support your mosquito control efforts.


literature





 







the latest from central life sciences 




powered by curator.io

 





















 









sign up for our newsletter

read the news
 










formulas


altosid®
zenivex®
fourstar®
duplex™-g
perm-x™
pyronyl™




products


catalog
cost calculator
distributors




about


history
customers
environmental




resources


literature
videos
field tests & faq
disease information
news



 







rebates
sds/labels
contact

 












© 2024 central life sciences 



 




 












 

