



lake district walks title page - large photo


















the english lake district is the most beautiful natural terrain i know. in 1990 i was fortunate enough to be able to come to live here permanently and walk the lakeland fells to my heart's content. this site is dedicated to all those who explore the area on foot.



stop press
03 september 2014   recent restrictions of interpretation in microsoft's internet explorer rendered the maps invisible in this browser. i've made changes to the coding of the map pages which should resolve this problem.


site map
index of walksthe site contains detailed descriptions of over 40 walks with links to relevant photographs throughout the text. each walk description can printed out on a single sheet of paper for reference when on the fells.
indexes of photos
standard sizethere are around 500 photographs, almost all of them in two sizes and being directly related to the walks. links to them appear within the detailed description pages.
panoramasa number are available including some 360°+ panoramas from peaks such as scafell pike and bowfell.
zoom imagessome are available with a facility to zoom in on the detail.
gps
notesthe author's experience with gps including computer programs to upload to/download from gps units
datawaypoint data for each of the walks is available to upload to a unit or to follow the routes on a map
walk distance calculatorcalculate automatically your own lake district walk distance
list of lakeland felltopsin order of height, and which walks include them
site search enginesearch the site for your own keywords
highlightsplaces or parts of walks that seem special - with star ratings
screen saverdownload lake district walks screen savers of lakeland and foreign trips
wallpaperdownload lake district walks widescreen (1920 x 1080) wallpaper of lakeland and foreign trips
glossarymeaning and origin of lakeland terms
e-mail the authorusing your own email program
jottingsthe author's love of lakeland
linkslake district and outdoor links plus a page of sites that link to this one
visitors' booksee what others thought of the site
walkers' responsibilitiesthe author is not able at present to guide over the fells (pressure of work) but this provides useful information on equipment, food & drink and suchlike
weathera brief guide to lakeland weather and a link to the daily forecast
index of tripsthis includes my own reports and photographs of trips abroad to the likes of kilimanjaro, ararat, sicilian volcanoes, ethiopia and peru







site privacy policy


 
john dawson supports wateraid

 
and lake district search and mountain rescue association

 





