





front page - i do what i can for the people.





























































skip to content



i do what i can for the people. 

homepage
other projects…
stay in touch…
 









all your podcast needs in one place... or in one man.audio and video production since 2011 






 


       podcasts currently producing:
better! with dr. stephanie estima, the resetter podcast with dr. mindy pelz, & health coach radio.      digital video creating video for all social media channels for all my clients. long form, short form and reels/stories.      audiobooks i take your recordings and make them ready for all audiobook platforms.       digital audio and video i started working in audio in 1988… yeah, i am that old.  but don’t worry, i went back to school in 2000 to update my skillz.
i currently produce and/or engineer:– health coach radio– the resetter podcast with dr. mindy pelz– better! with dr. stephanie estimatein the past i produced and engineered:– the jordan harbinger show (video)– fat burning man w/ abel james (audio and video)– primal blueprint w/ mark sisson (audio and co-host)– bulletproof radio w/ dave asprey (audio and video)– endurance planet w/ tawnee prazak (audio and co-host)– ben greenfield fitness w/ ben greenfield (audio and podcast sidekick)– primal endurance w/ brad keans (audio and co-host)– katy says (audio)– move your dna w/ katy bowman– change academy w/ monica reinagel– unbeatable mind w/ mark divine (audio)– obstacle dominator w/ hunter mcintyre (audio)– get-fit guy (audio and blog)– second wind fitness (audio and blog)– workplacehero.me (audio and blog)i have produced several audiobooks including the best-selling book, primal blueprint, by mark sisson. other audiobook projects include born to walk (mark sisson and brad kearns) grow wild and simple steps to foot pain (katy bowman), confident as f*ck (elle russ), dawn again (donega markegard), wolf girl (donega markegard), the primal connection and the primal blueprint 21-day total body transformation (mark sisson), death by food pyramid (denise minger), fruit belly (romy dollé), primal prescription (doug mcguff and robert p murphy), beyond training and 10 ways to grow tiny superhumans (ben greenfield), unbeatable mind (mark divine), paleo girl (leslie klenke), the south asian health solution (ronesh sinha), and life after a bypass (richard blakeborough).i also provided live audio and stage support for events such as:– become superhuman (spokane, washington)– primalcon (tulum, mexico)– unbeatable mind retreat (encinitas, california)– primalcon (oxnard, california)– paleof(x) (austin, texas)– bulletproof biohacking conference (pasadena, california) get started now                podcasting is the thing i do best   whether you are new to the industry or someone who wants to elevate the game, i can help you with everything from choosing a microphone to finding your ideal audience.   learn more              join us.  it will only take a minute to connect.    get started today      





                ©  2025 i do what i can for the people.. built using wordpress and onepage express theme.              























