




wiscopts.net













tuesday february 18, 2025 a.d. • meshir 11, 1741 a.m.




home
about us
calendar
news
spiritual library
store
contact us










repentance in the book of jonah

a beautiful story of repentancethe book of jonah the prophet is full of wonderful spiritual contemplation. how beautiful is the church’s choice! she chose this book to be the prelude of the forty days of lent.a beautiful story of repentance and fasting precedes the great lent by two weeks that we may approach the holy forty days with a clean heart attached to the lord.the chosen weak put to shame the mightyin the book of jonah, god wants us to know an important fact: that the prophets were not of a different nature, but were ordinary people “with nature like ours” (james 5:17), having weaknesses, shortcomings and faults, and it was possible for them to fall like us. it was not their power, but the power of the holy spirit working to aid them in their weaknesses, that the power may be of god not of us, according to the apostle’s word (2 cor.4: 7).continue reading…




life of st. anthony

most of what is known about the life of anthony comes from the life of anthony, written in greek around 360 by st. athanasius of alexandria. sometime before 374, it was translated into latin by evagrius of antioch. the latin translation helped to spread the concept of monasticism, particularly in western europe.his early lifethis righteous man was born in the year 251 a.d. in the city of qimn el-arouse, egypt to wealthy landowner christian parents who loved the church and the poor. they raised him up in fear of the lord. when he was twenty years old, his parents departed, and he had to take care of his little sister.once, he entered the church and heard the words of the lord christ in the gospel, "if you want to be perfect, go, sell what you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasures in heaven; and come, follow me." (matthew 19:21) he returned to his house, decided to fulfill this commandment and considered it directed to him personally. he gave his wealth to the poor and needy, reserving a little however for his sister's sake. and again as he went into the church, hearing the lord say in the gospel, “be not anxious for the morrow,” he could stay no longer, but went out and gave those things also to the poor. having committed his sister to known and faithful virgins to be brought up, he henceforth devoted himself outside his house to discipline, taking heed to himself and training himself with patience.at that time, monasticism had not yet been established. all those who wanted to live a solitary life went and lived on the outskirts of the city. this was what st. anthony did as he dwelt alone, worshiping and living an ascetic life.continue reading…




the baptist and the christ

the baptistjohn the baptist is an intriguing person. he is the last prophet and he is the first one crying in the new testament. he is the greatest among those born of women. but he who is least, is greater than he, a sign to jesus christ who in the flesh is six months younger than john the baptist (matthew 11:11). the son of the priest, but he never practiced his priesthood in the temple. he is the only prophet about whose service prophecies were written (isaiah 40:3-5; malachi 3:1; 4:5) due to the importance of his role.this voice crying in the wilderness had to come before the christ who does not cry or shout and whom no one in the streets heard him. he is the connection between the old and new testament. he was the only prophet who saw the fulfillment of his prophecy of our christ. his final task was to witness to the true light. “there was a man sent from god whose name was john. this man came for a witness to bear witness of the light, that all through him might believe” (john 1:6-7). for this reason, his role was not to prepare the minds by explaining old commandments, but to prepare hearts to see the true light and recognize it.st. ambrosious says, “many regard john the baptist as a symbol to the law, it can rebuke sin, but not forgive it." continue reading…




christ is the servant to the circumcision

the feast of circumcision is one of the seven minor feasts for the master. it comes on the eighth day of the birth of christ, i.e. toubah 6th / january 14th.the rite of circumcision:st. luke stated that baby jesus was circumcised, according to the jewish tradition, on the eighth day, and was called by the name of jesus, as he said, “when the eight days were completed for the circumcision of the child, his name was called jesus, the name given by the angel before he was conceived in the womb” (lk2:21). the giver of law, the lord christ, accepted to submit himself to the law of moses, and to fulfill it personally by his own will in complete humility. he fulfilled all the rite and duties of the old testament, not only his circumcision, according to his divine plan, in perfect humility. therefore, in the divine liturgy, we say to him, “you fulfilled the law on my behalf”. thus, he gave us himself as great example to imitate, for obeying the divine commandments given to us for our benefit.continue reading…




2025 feast of nativity papal message









each one must give as he has decided in his heart, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for god loves a cheerful giver.(2 cor 9:7)











upcoming events


wednesday february 19, 2025

08:30—11:00 am - divine liturgy


friday february 21, 2025

06:00—08:30 pm - youth meeting


saturday february 22, 2025

07:00—08:30 pm - vespers


sunday february 23, 2025

08:30—11:30 am - divine liturgy
11:45—12:45 pm - sunday school and college fellowship
01:00—02:00 pm - sunday school servants' meeting











                copyright © 2025 st. mary & st. antonious coptic orthodox church
1521 w drexel ave oak creek, wi 53154 • (414) 764-5944
                all rights reserved.
                




