


thevillages.net - services - email, tee-times, computer support - serving the villages, florida and the tri-county area.















home
services
help/faq

legal disclaimer

 
		352-753-4040        
		
support@thevillages.net






login >>
username:

password:



























the villages links


vmail
airport shuttle
careers in the villages
citizens first bank
community development districts
country club enhancements & executive trail pass
golfthevillages.com
the villages polo club 
the villages® app
the villages entertainment
the villages health
the waterfront inn 


news links


the villages daily sun
abc news
cbs news
fox news
msnbc
usa today
yahoo news


technology

baidu’s revenue slides after chinese ai rivalry heats upnorway sovereign wealth fund ceo job attracts 82 applicants, including current chiefxi’s embrace of china tech ceos spurs hope of big economic shiftkkr to buy additional 5% stake in eni biofuel businessthe list of major companies laying off staff this year, including southwest airlines, meta, and microsoft

sports

mlb power rankings: which teams have young talent, and which are getting old?what should the jets do at qb? assessing the biggest needs for all 16 afc teams | football 301notre dame dismantles no. 11 duke in first game as nation's no. 1 teamkyle busch, jeff gordon critical of joey logano's move before multi-car crash in daytona 500jude bellingham sent off amid misunderstanding & cincinnati duo matt miazga & pat noonan preview mls season



thevillages.net services

member services - this "members only" web site provides secure access to content pertinent to the active lifestyle enjoyed by residents of the villages, florida. each member services account must be associated with one household (physical address). included in the "member services" account:

2 e-mail addresses per household
access to the villages golf and information system (in order to access the villages golf system, you must register the resident id’s affiliated with household associated with the member services account)
access to schedules of events in and around the villages


additional email addresses - if you require more than 2, additional email addresses may be purchased at any time.

pricing
village residents and dream maker card holders
member services - $8.00 per month

	additional email addresses - $2.95
non-village residents
member services - $8.50 per month

	additional email addresses - $2.95


thevillages.net cancellation policy
due to pro-ration, the first charge on your account will be for the remainder of your first month. then your first full calendar month will be free!
thevillages.net internet service (like most isp's) bills in advance for services rendered.
under our "free month trial" you may try our service for the first full calendar month absolutely free and cancel if you are not satisfied with the level of service provided. no charges will be generated during the "free month trial".
after the "free month trial", any cancellation will be effective immediately and no refund will be issued for the remaining days in the billing period (or month). at the next billing cycle, no new charges will be generated.
cancellations must be made prior to the first day of the month to avoid that month's charges.


 



©2025 the villages, inc. all rights reserved.
[ top of page ]
home
services
help/faq

legal disclaimer

    payment processing 







