




 


percy grainger society - home

















log in








log in with facebook


log in with google

























remember me


forgot password



















home




about



percy grainger




the society




board and staff




aural histories







membership



join/renew




members area







home and studio



about the home and studio




highlights from the collection




visit







donate



donate




donate to the collection







volunteer




events




publications



journal




e-newsletter




blog







resources



gloss




web links and media




items of interest




locations of grainger manuscripts




word-list








 








 
vision

we envision an international community that values the exploration of the music, heritage, and culture of the early 20th century, particularly as it relates to percy grainger’s work, and is empowered to preserve it and interpret it for future generations. 

mission

our mission is to promote the work and legacy of percy grainger with a 
membership community that preserves his historic house, encourages 
appreciation and performance of his music, and promotes a deeper 
understanding of the cultural, social, and economic context of his life 
and work.

next event

the percy grainger society is delighted to have received additional funding from the new york state council on the arts for the continuation of the development of the grainger library of sampled sounds (gloss) project. the next-stage version of the gloss will be focused on providing a platform for creative work for autistic and neurodivergent users.

upcoming events



america/new_york
sanctuary, shelter, & stage: exploring the pgh & s

thu, february 20, 2025 4:00 pm


virtual via zoom



america/new_york
2025 spring open house

sun, april 06, 2025 2:00 pm


7 cromwell place, white plains, ny 14221



america/new_york
restless corners: wednesday lunchtime tours (session 1 of 3)

wed, april 09, 2025 12:00 pm


percy grainger home & studio





the second event of our three-part series, sanctuary, shelter: exploring the percy grainger home & studio, sees our host curt ebersole in conversation with renowned american soprano gwendolyn bradley, and educator steve willemann, during a virtual tour of the house. registration is free for members, and costs $10 for non-members. 
 
the grainger journal

the latest edition of the grainger journal is available here.

blog posts



meeting percy grainger

tue, january 21, 2025 4:48 pm


anne ocone



little treasures

thu, september 26, 2024 1:54 pm


anne ocone



the wider implications of percy grainger’s ‘free music’

fri, may 31, 2024 3:41 pm


anne ocone



a timeline for free music

thu, april 04, 2024 10:51 am


anne ocone



7 cromwell as a workshop

thu, february 08, 2024 5:16 pm


anne ocone



holiday greetings: cards from the collection

fri, december 15, 2023 9:51 am


anne ocone





collection highlights

the newly-conserved gliding tones on whistle, notes on recorders free music machine is now on permanent display. an online summary of our 2023-24 free music exhibition can be found here. you can also find out about other highlights from the collections here.
 
membership

membership of the percy grainger society brings a range of benefits:
access to a members-only section of the percy grainger society website, containing a wealth of informationtwice-yearly print and digital copies of the grainger journalregular online members' events, featuring presentations, live interviews and concerts discounts on visits to the percy grainger home and studiovolunteer opportunities to work on grainger projectspeer-to-peer and mentor opportunitiesdiscounts on selected third-party publications and recordings

gloss


the grainger library of sampled sounds is a collection of recorded sounds from the percy grainger home and studio available for creative use. the sounds include samples of instruments in the collection, and ambient sounds from the house and neighborhood. we invite you to explore and use these music files to create your own musical compositions and soundscapes. 

visit


we hope that you can visit the historic home of percy grainger in white plains, new york. rose and percy grainger moved here in may 1921. after rose's death in 1922 percy married ella viola strom in 1928. together, they made 7 cromwell place their unique home and workspace for the rest of their lives. from rime tiles to free music machines, these creatives made this 1890s home their very own.  
tours normally last between 45 minutes and 1 hour and are available on wednesdays and other select days throughout the year.
tours for the general public can be scheduled here, while members can email us directly to schedule a tour.

 














 
7 cromwell place, white plains, ny 10601info@percygrainger.orgtel: (914) 281-1610subscribe to e-newsletter hereprivacy policy































 
the percy grainger society's programs are made possible by the new york state council on the arts with the support of the office of the governor and the new york state legislature. 











powered by wild apricot membership software












