




music at penn alps | the place for summer ensemble music in garrett county	


































music at penn alps


the place for summer ensemble music in garrett county
 

skip to content

homealta schrock

alta e. schrock memorial fund


concerts

current events calendar
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000


contact

location


donations

donate now
sponsorship and advertising
donors
gifts through your ira

sample ira contribution letters


fred bolton memorial


purchase
scholarships

scholarship application
2022 – 2023 scholars
2012-2013 scholarship press release
2011-2012 scholarship press release


performers & composers

original composition commission


links
tickets








welcome to music at penn alps

posted on september 24, 2012 by mapaadmin 

our 2024 season begins june 15 with the atlas string quartet concert at 7pm in the spruce forest chapel (handicap accessible). our six other concerts are listed to the right or under calendar above.
if you subscribe to our email alerter (over on the right side), we will let you know what the season’s concerts will be and when (or view them over on the right!). we look forward to seeing you at our current concerts! we have added information for donating directly from an ira that offers many benefits to the donor to our web pages. if you are 701/2 or older and have an ira, you can use your minimum distribution as a contribution as both a tax-free and base-valued contribution!
music at penn alps is a summer mostly classical series of saturday evening concerts with a dash of traditional several nights in the series. most of these informal concerts are held in the great hall of penn alps (pictured), which is part of the penn alps restaurant and crafts shop complex. the complex includes the spruce forest artisan village. in addition, we have concerts in the spruce village chapel when piano is not required — it is handicapped-accessible.
the first concert held in the great hall of penn alps was in january of 1993. the boston pro arte chamber group performed in a ceremony dedicating the hall to dr alta schrock, founder of penn alps and the spruce forest artisan village.
the concert was so well received and the acoustics of the great hall were so good that dr. schrock and dr. jon bauman, professor of music at frostburg state university, decided to organize a concert series to complement other activities at the penn alps complex. and so the music at penn alps festival was born. jon bauman became music director and remained so until march of 1996, when he resigned and fred c. bolton became program director.
the festival was originally managed by a “music at penn alps committee.” the committee benefited from the nurturing support of both penn alps and spruce forest. penn alps provided a name, a venue and financial support. spruce forest provided an office and administrative support. in 1997 the original committee was transformed into the present non-profit corporation and a board of directors replaced the committee. incremental changes have professionalized the administration of the organization.
these administrative changes have not significantly altered the concert series. the programs remain primarily classical, with the focus on chamber ensembles and recitals. each year at least two programs explore different genre of distinctly american popular and folk music. artists are drawn from a worldwide pool of musicians and the festival continues to present local and regional performers.



posted in news 
|
leave a comment




if you were looking for the penn alps restaurant, it is physically next to our great hall concert venue.  it has its own web site at: https://www.pennalps.com.


posted on june 29, 2015 by mapaadmin |
comments off on penn alps restaurant



fred bolton memorial fund

posted on january 7, 2014 by mapaadmin 

fred bolton died january 4, 2014.  he was president of music at penn alps for many of our 21 years.  his family has asked that in lieu of flowers that you instead contribute to the scholarship or general fund of music at penn alps. we have provided a link to an obituary and comments about fred. music at penn alps will have a memorial concert in honor of fred during the next season — if you subscribe to our updates (on the right of this screen), we will notify you when that memorial is scheduled.
the board of music at penn alps recognized fred with a position as president emeritus upon his retirement.  we will continue to think of fred as we continue, hopefully, with help from others who remember fred fondly.



posted in news 
|
leave a comment



performers

posted on july 11, 2012 by mapaadmin 

how to apply to perform
send applications to music director, p.0. box 668, grantsville, md, 21536.
applications are accepted at any time, but must be in by early fall of the year preceding the concert season for which you wish to be considered. (ex: for concert summer of 2018, submit application no later than sept of 2017.)
include a standard resume and photo, illustrative program and performance history with venues, cd and any other material deemed pertinent.
selections will generally be made in the fall of the year preceding the concert season for which you are applying. in no cases will selections be made later than the end of that calendar year.
include self-addressed and stamped envelope for return of application.
information on the area and availability of services for performers can be obtained here.



posted in news 
|
leave a comment






search our pages

search for:



 
subscribe to our newsletter









please leave this field empty


check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 




upcoming concerts 



 







site administration

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 




					music at penn alps				



					proudly powered by wordpress.				



























