










welcome to the jesmond hotel | jesmond hotel













































































































      skip to main content
    












jesmond hotel




header contacts

63 gower street, bloomsbury, london, wc1e 6hj
reception@jesmondhotel.org.uk
tel: +44 (0)20 7636 3199






main navigation



menu
hide menu


home


rooms


tell me more


location


reservations


about us


tourist info


photo gallery








 





      a family-owned, friendly and affordable bed & breakfast hotel in the centre of london
    






















welcome to the jesmond hotel









are you looking for a budget hotel in london? the jesmond hotel provides affordable bed & breakfast accomodation in the heart of london. we love london and we want everyone to be able to experience our city by staying with us in our historic georgian townhouse in the fashionable and cultural district of bloomsbury, in the west end of london.low on price but high on qualitywhen choosing your budget accommodation in central london, it is important not to sacrifice quality. the jesmond hotel has always prided itself on being a clean and comfortable hotel in the centre of london, offering accommodation that is high on quality, but not high on price. more info on rooms…full english bed and breakfastwe run the hotel on a bed and breakfast basis and the hearty breakfast is included in the price. our guests are delighted by the quality and quantity of breakfast, which includes both a continental and cooked full english breakfast. guests often comment that it sets them up for the day! more info on breakfast…convenient locationour safe and secure neighbourhood is centrally located close to many of london's tourist attractions such as the british museum, oxford street, theatreland, and trafalgar square. we are also minutes from ucl, the british library and uch. many of our guests choose to explore london on foot from the hotel but we are also close to four different underground stations, two mainline stations and many local buses, so you’ll have plenty of transport options! more info on our location… 








 


























read reviews of jesmond hotel




















 

 














footer menu



menu
hide menu


news & special offers


privacy policy


















