









home - taxwise canada









































 














 




 home forms – 2023 tax kit services  disability overdue taxes forms – 2022 tax kit   tips contact  



your refundis waiting for you.discovering and delivering your refunds

unlock your refund here



get your 2023 tax package  here





how can we help you?15,000 reasonscanadians trust taxwise.helping canadian families for more than 25 years, with more than 15,000 refunds collected by their clients. 

medical and disability refundscompared to a person who does not have your condition, can you walk the length of a football field without stopping or without experiencing difficulty?does your condition impact your everyday life?you may qualify for several tax refunds — including thousands of dollars in refunds from previous years.


where do we start?




unfiled, delinquent taxesfrom garnished wages at your workplace, to bank accounts frozen by the canada revenue agency, the consequences of not filing your income taxes can be catastrophic. find out how to get all caught up, one year at a time. 


how do we begin?




yearly income taxeswhether you are filing as an individual or as a member of a family, taxwise's experts will work with you towards getting every dollar back which you are entitled to. 


why do people make the change to taxwise?





testimonialswhat our clientssay about us...




taxwise isn't just a company name; they're a team of people who are knowledgeable and sensitive to the effects of disabilities. they addressed my worries, making it their mission to alleviate concerns. they made sure i was always fully informed about everything they did on my behalf.shawn plaintaxwise client





working on our own, i don’t think we would have received approval for the disability tax credit (dtc).   taxwise helped me understand how to get full use out of the dtc. their insight into exactly what the government is looking for, coupled with listening to our situation, got us the approval we deserve.  since first getting a refund for the disability tax credit, i've worked with taxwise to ensure i get the most from the credit each tax season.mike macfarlanetaxwise client





i contacted taxwise after cra declined my disability application. i was going into surgery and needed a company that would handle everything. chris, who was very understanding, took care of it all. i received approval from the cra and the refund shortly after. thank you taxwise for making this process easy.roxanne atchiataxwise client



case studies




work from home covid







do you qualify for the dtc







working from home







what conditions qualify for the disability tax credit?





get intouch with us to find out more!













 0 of 350 


send message













  copyright 2024 taxwise - privacy policy  

















 
