















seabrook, tx - official website | official website









  















skip to main content
























    community      government      departments      business      how do i?  


 

 

 

 

 



 










     





 
 












search







 
 
 







 













 














election information the city of seabrook will hold a general election on saturday, may 3, 2025. applications to appear on the ballot will be accepted beginning on january 15, 2025.learn more










 
 














we're hiring the city of seabrook has several job openings across multiple departments. find your career by clicking the link below!apply today!










 
 
 

 



 














payments








employment










 
 














agendas








utilities










 
 














permits








alerts










 
 
 



























 














seabrook popular resources
 


















  
 














mosquito control








weather center








financials








city maps








trash & recycling








hurricane preparedness








floodplain information








municipal court








bids








records request








economic development








city ordinances










 
 
 



 









 














news & calendar


stay up to date with the latest news and events.
 






  
 














2025 election information 


the city of seabrook will hold a general election and special election on may 3, 2025.			learn more...







flare advisory 


the chevron pipeline group will conduct routine maintenance on their pipeline beginning on monday, february 17th.						read on...







city update on compass margaritaville development 


city of seabrook provides update on compass margaritaville and planned united development project						read on...







press release 


seabrook completes wastewater transition to new resilient facility						read on...







welcome back, taco bell 


the city of seabrook economic development corporation hosted a ribbon cutting ceremony for taco bell on january 15, 2025.						read on...







todville road drainage study 


the harris county engineering district has contracted cobb, fendley & associates, inc. to create a preliminary engineering report for the todville...						read on...







kevin padgett day 


january 7, 2025, is kevin padgett day in seabrook, texas						read on...







2024 business of the year 


snap fitness seabrook named seabrook economic development corporation's 2024 business of the year!						read on...







seabrook is stormready® 


the city of seabrook has earned its official designation as a stormready® community from the national weather service (nws).						read on...







coming soon: margarita jones 


set to open in april 2025, margarita jones will debut just in time for spring, providing an exciting new destination for tex-mex enthusiasts.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  

  
 












feb
18	


city council meeting

city council meetingread on






feb
19	


anniversary celebration - alspaugh's boutique by kellyannette
			join us as we celebrate the success and longevity of alspaugh’s boutique by kellyannette with a spec...		
anniversary celebration - alspaugh's boutique by kellyannetteread on






feb
20	


canceled | planning & zoning commission meeting

canceled | planning & zoning commission meetingread on






feb
28	


coffee with a cop
			join the seabrook police department at 9:30 a.m. for complimentary coffee and casual conversation.		
coffee with a copread on




view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 







 














city officials
 






  
 
 

 














mayor thom kolupskicontact the mayor
 






  
 







 
 



  
 














jackie rascoat-large position 1
 




rob hefnerat-large position 2
 




tom tollettat-large position 3
 






  
 













michael giangrossoat-large position 4
 




buddy hammannat-large position 5
 




joe macholat-large position 6
 






  
 













boards & commissions







public comments









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 














adopted 2023-2024 tax ratethe city of seabrook adopted a tax rate that will raise more taxes for maintenance and operations than last year's tax rate. the tax rate will effectively be raise by 2.50 percent and will raise taxes for maintenance and operations on a $100,000 home by approximately $-4.38. learn more about the city of seabrook's budget and financials.
 






  
 













notice about 2024 tax rates







notice of public hearing - 2024 tax rate









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 




 














1700 1st street, seabrook, tx 77586
 




phone:  (281) 291-5600
 




contact us
 






  
 













city of seabrook







accessibility







disclaimer







copyright







site map







employee intranet









/quicklinks.aspx



 








      





 
 



  
 















 






  
 
 







 



  
 








 
 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









