















mission and ministry | villanova university

























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x
menu


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectioncatholic & augustinianeducation & advocacyservice & social justiceprayer & worshipspirituality & communitystaff directory




events

















x

search vu


















mission and ministry































office for


mission & ministry












villanova university is a catholic institution of higher education, grounded in the teachings and values of st. augustine.
st. augustine believed in “life in common,” and the commitment to and nurturing of community defines the villanova university experience. st. augustine called us to journey together in search of truth, to live and learn in community, and to love with care for the common good. these values of truth, unity and love—veritas, unitas and caritas—inform all we do as a university. as an augustinian catholic community, we see the worth and dignity of all people, of all faiths and backgrounds, and we find unity not in uniformity, but in mutual respect and care—knowing that we learn best from and with each other.














the office for mission and ministry provides students, faculty and staff members many opportunities to connect and engage with our augustinian catholic mission in ways that are personally meaningful—through prayer and worship, spirituality and community, education and advocacy, or service and social justice work. together, we will, in the words of st. augustine, “become what we are not yet.”


“never be satisfied with what you already are, if you want to be what you are not yet.” st. augustine, sermon 169













nourishing the spirit: veritas



 villanova’s augustinian heritage embraces the search for meaning at the heart of the human journey. we seek to deepen the identities and practices of people, inclusive of any faith tradition.






catholic worship






		  mass schedules &ministry opportunities  











multifaith outreach






		  multifaith opportunities& practices  











hispanic/
latine ministry






		  hispanic/latine ministry  











spiritual practices






		  spirituality &mindfulness  











“understand so that you may believe. believe so that you may understand.” st. augustine, sermon 43






    












building community: unitas







the commitment to and nurturing of community is core to the villanova university experience. in the augustinian tradition, we seek to build deeper connections and learn from and with each other. from opportunities for students to connect within their residence halls to faculty and staff retreats to group-specific ministries, all are welcomed and respected.




		  spirituality & community  







    






“let all of you then live together in oneness of mind and heart, mutually honoring god in one another.”—the rule of st. augustine, chapter 1.
















love in action: caritas






flowing from our shared values is villanova’s commitment to service and care for our world. the st. thomas of villanova center for the common good serves as the on-campus hub for all community service and engaged learning for students, faculty and staff. in addition, the centers for faith & learning and peace & justice education as well as the office for sustainability provide opportunities for service, education and advocacy.


   




			education & advocacy
		





			service & social justice
		



“the degree to which you are concerned for the common good rather than for your own, is the criterion by which you can judge how much progress you have made.” st. augustine – rule of st. augustine, 7, 2












explore opportunities














retreats










pastoral musicians










faith & learning










sustainability










liturgical ministers










service experiences










residential outreach

















heritage and history



villanova was founded in 1842 by the order of saint augustine and our university values of veritas, unitas, caritas—truth, unity, love—are drawn from our augustinian catholic heritage.




			about st. augustine
		





			heritage & history
		





			mission engagement
		


















contact us





located in the heart of villanova's campus, mission & ministry is housed in st. rita hall. st. rita hall is named for st. rita of cascia, a 15th-century augustinian nun renowned for her faithful perseverance and works of peace and reconciliation.


our staff












connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













