












series books for girls






vintage series books for girls
			. . . and a few for boys








introduction

visit my blog

  




check out my vintage series books for sale on ebay and etsy. 



major series (consisting of 12 or more volumes):




the betty gordon series
the betty gordon series is an important early series that paved the way for nancy drew and trixie belden.  this excellent series was published by cupples and leon for fifteen volumes from 1920 through 1932. 


beverly gray mystery stories
this twenty-six volume series by clair blank was in print from 1934 until about 1955.  it follows the exciting adventures of reporter beverly gray and her friends as they travel the world to many exotic places. 




biff brewster adventure series
in this thirteen volume series, biff brewster travels the world, learning about foreign culture and thwarting the communists.  biff's thrilling adventures are set in exotic locations. 


the blythe girls series
this twelve volume series was published from 1925 to 1932.  it follows the adventures of three sisters, helen, margy, and rose blythe, as they courageously battle poverty and misfortune. 




cherry ames nurse stories
this twenty-seven volume series was written by helen wells and julie tatham and was published by grosset and dunlap from 1943 to 1968.  it follows the adventures of cherry ames throughout her nursing career.


connie blair mystery stories
this twelve volume series was written by betty cavanna under the pen name of betsy allen.  it details the colorful adventures of career girl connie blair as she unravels mysteries related to her work.




dana girls mystery stories
always advertised as "by the author of the nancy drew books," this 34 volume series was published from 1934 to 1979.  louise and jean dana attend starhurst school and solve mysteries at the same time. 


judy bolton mystery stories
the famous judy bolton mystery stories were in print from 1932 until 1967.  author margaret sutton based each book on "something that actually happened."  unlike most series book characters, judy bolton ages as the series progresses and even gets married. 




kay tracey mystery stories
this eighteen volume series was published by several different companies from the 1930s to the 1980s.  sixteen year old kay tracey solves mysteries with her two friends betty and wilma. 


ken holt mystery stories
the ken holt series consists of 18 titles published from 1949 to 1963.  reporter ken holt and his photographer friend, sandy allen, work for the brentwood advance.  the boys use their superior investigative skills to solve dangerous mysteries. 




nancy drew mystery stories
the nancy drew series was first published in 1930 and is one of the most successful children's series of all time.  nancy drew is a lawyer's daughter and solves mysteries with the help of her friends, bess and george. 


the outdoor girls series
this stratemeyer syndicate series was published from 1913 to 1933 by grosset and dunlap.  the outdoor girls have many thrilling adventures while they participate in a variety of outdoor activities.





penny parker mystery stories
this seventeen volume series by mildred a. wirt was published during the 1930s and 1940s.  irrepressible penny parker works as a newspaper reporter for her father's newspaper. 


rick brant science-adventure series
the rick brant series was published by grosset and dunlap from 1947 to 1968.  rick brant and his pal scotty solve mysteries and have thrilling adventures while using the latest scientific inventions. 




the ruth fielding series
the ruth fielding series was published from 1913 through 1934 by cupples and leon.  ruth fielding is the prototype for the girl sleuths who came later, including nancy drew, the dana girls, and beverly gray. 


the three investigators series
the three investigators series was published by random house from 1964 to 1987.  jupiter, pete, and bob have their headquarters in the jones salvage yard and specialize in solving difficult puzzles. 




the trixie belden series
the trixie belden series was published by the whitman publishing company from 1948 to 1986.  trixie belden attracts mysteries and trouble in all of her adventures, much to the chagrin of her fellow club members. 



vicki barr flight stewardess series
this sixteen volume series by helen wells and julie tatham was published by grosset and dunlap from 1947 to 1964.  vicki barr experiences many thrilling adventures during her career as a flight stewardess. 




minor series (consisting of fewer than 12 volumes):




the adventure girls series
this three volume series written by clair blank, author of the beverly gray mystery stories, was released as a breeder set in 1936 by the a.l. burt company. 


the arden blake mystery series
this three volume series was written by cleo f. garis and published by a. l. burt in 1934.  arden and her chums solve a few mysteries while they attend cedar ridge college. 




the barbara ann series
this four volume series was written by ruth grosby and was published from 1939 to 1942 by grosset and dunlap.  barbara ann wilson solves mysteries as she attends high school and college. 


the billie bradley series
this nine volume stratemeyer syndicate series tells the story of billie bradley, who attends a boarding school with her friends.  this series is one of several important forerunners to the nancy drew series.




the brains benton series
this six volume series was the forerunner to the three investigators series.  brains benton and his partner, jimmy carson, run a detective agency out of a secret room in a garage. 


the bret king mystery series
this nine volume series follows the adventures of bret king and his cowboy friends.  the boys of rimrock ranch savor western life as they bring desperate outlaws to justice. 




the doris force mystery stories
this four volume series from 1931 was written jointly by mildred a. wirt benson and walter karig.  doris force is a typical stratemeyer syndicate heroine who has more than her share of bizarre adventures. 


the girl scouts mystery series
this six volume series by virginia fairfax follows the adventures of a group of mississippi girl scouts as they enjoy camping, solving a few mysteries, and living the outdoor life. 




the girl scouts series
this ten volume series by edith lavell was published by a. l. burt during the 1920s.  the series follows the achievements of marjorie wilkinson in the girls scouts from her freshman year in high school until after her college graduation. 


the girls of central high
this stratemeyer syndicate series was published from 1914 to 1919 by grosset and dunlap.  it follows a group of girls who participate in the interschool athletic league. 




the linda carlton series
this five volume series by edith lavell was published by a. l. burt and is one of the most difficult to find burt series.  linda carlton is an aviatrix who has more than her share of harrowing escapes and is plagued by false accusations and extortion attempts.


the mary lou series
this three volume series by edith lavell was published by a. l. burt in 1935.  styled after the original nancy drew, mary louise gay is a bold girl detective whose methods are sometimes not strictly legal.




melody lane mystery stories
this nine volume series by lilian garis is set on a country road named melody lane.  the stories detail the lives of people who live on or near melody lane and the mysteries they encounter.


mexican mystery stories for girls
this three volume series by helen randolph was published in 1936 by a. l. burt.  the series follows the adventures of three girls as they explore mexico.




the mill creek irregulars
wisconsin author august derleth wrote ten volumes about the adventures of steve grendon and sim jones.  steve has a knack for finding mystery, and sim is his reluctant companion. 


the moving picture girls series
this seven volume stratemeyer syndicate series was published from 1914 to 1916 by grosset and dunlap.  ruth and alice devere work as actresses in a moving picture company and have many exciting adventures.




peggy lane theater stories
this well-written series by virginia hughes ran for a short eight titles from 1962 to 1965.  the richly descriptive prose gives detailed insight into the theatrical world and draws the reader into peggy's life, making her experiences seem almost real. 


perry pierce mystery stories
this four volume stratemeyer syndicate series from the early 1930s follows the adventures of perry pierce and the skull mystery club as they solve mysteries and bring criminals to justice. 




the riddle club series
this six volume stratemeyer syndicate series was published by grosset and dunlap during the 1920s.  the riddle club consists of six friends who solve challenging riddles and have the best of times together. 


the roger baxter series
the roger baxter series was written by the authors of the ken holt series.  this excellent series follows the adventures of roger and bill baxter as they solve mysteries with government agent, slim warner. 




the sandy steele adventures
this six volume series was published by simon and schuster in 1959.  sandy steele has exciting adventures in his travels to interesting places in the united states.


the tom quest adventure series
this eight volume series was written by fran striker.  teenage adventurer tom quest is aided by his adult friends, whiz walton and gulliver, as he faces mystery and danger in the most exciting locations.




british and canadian series:




brad forrest adventure series
this eight volume canadian series mimics biff brewster and sandy steele.  brad forrest has adventures that are typically wild and crazy with lots of action. 



kit hunter show jumper series
this twelve volume series by peter grey was published in the united kingdom during the 1960s.  the books follow the adventures of kit hunter as she and her horse, wild one, compete in showjumping events. 




sally baxter girl reporter series
this sixteen volume series by sylvia edwards was published by world distributors in the united kingdom during the 1960s.  sally baxter works as a junior reporter for her uncle's newspaper. 



sara gay model girl series
this four volume series by janey scott was published in the united kingdom during the 1960s.  the books chronicle the adventures of 18 year old sara gay as she begins her modeling career. 




secret circle mysteries
this canadian series is a publisher set featuring stories set in canada.  each book follows the adventures of two or three children as they search for treasure or solve a mystery. 



shirley flight air hostess series
this sixteen volume series by judith dale and trudi arlen was published in the united kingdom during the 1960s.  shirley flight experiences many thrilling adventures during her tenure as air hostess. 




wallace boys series
this series by singaporean author duncan watt follows the adventures of bruce and nigel wallace.  as the two boys have exotic adventures around the world, the reader learns detailed information about the places the boys visit. 





special features:




the chalet school series
the chalet school series was written by elinor m. brent-dyer and was published in the united kingdom from 1925 through 1970.  the series remains very popular in the united kingdom and is a favorite with collectors.


cupples and leon mystery stories
the cupples and leon company published two sets of assorted mystery stories during the 1930s, one for boys and one for girls.  the series feature mystery and adventure stories by a variety of authors including mildred a. wirt, pemberton ginther, anna andrews barris, e. c. brill, and j. a. lath.




library editions overview
most collectors refuse to consider library bindings as worthwhile collectibles.  however, library bindings are fun and fascinating editions to collect.  the variations are limitless, and in many cases, are rare and one of a kind.


margaret scherf mystery stories
margaret scherf wrote the manuscript for nancy drew #27, the secret of the wooden lady.  years later, scherf wrote three juvenile mysteries which salute the stratemeyer syndicate and the juvenile series genre.




mildred wirt benson's novels
mildred wirt benson wrote the manuscripts for many of the early nancy drew and dana girls books.  benson also wrote dozens of other juvenile series books.  this page provides a complete list of benson's stories and links to their sections on this site.


the susan sand mystery stories
the susan sand series was published from 1982 through 1984 by pinnacle books.  susan sand is a famous teenage mystery story writer who solves mysteries that are usually bizarre and preposterous. 




the sweet valley high series
the sweet valley high series debuted in 1983 with pure fluff and exaggerated perfection.  anybody who read svh as a preteen understands the frivolous allure of this series! 


the troy nesbit mystery series
franklin folsom wrote a set of books for the whitman publishing company as troy nesbit.  folsom's books are of unusual high quality and feature adventures in the southwestern united states. 




whitman authorized editions
the whitman 1940s movie star authorized editions weave stories around famous personalities.  these books often parody series fiction and are an interesting window into the 1940s.









site map

series book resources

series book links

site last updated february 17, 2023.

follow me on facebook

view my blog 
			 
			
all scans are from books in my personal collection.  some scans have been edited to reduce the appearance of any flaws.  this site is not for commercial use and is intended only for educational and informational purposes.  original content copyright © 2003-2023 by jennifer white.  



