









homepage - deaconwatts.com































































 
 














home






 



home
store

store
my account
checkout


bio
rtg records
artists
news
gallery
events
contact us
cart
privacy
























welcome to my website!




a message from deacon watts
good day everyone! it’s deacon watts the host that loves you the most! formerly of new york city, now residing in louin, mississippi.
i hope to bring you informative information as well as great music recorded by our rtg recording artists along with some of your other favorite gospel artists.
make sure you stop by our online music store and purchase some of your favorite gospel artist’s cds and dvds.
~ love always deacon watts
 
lillie hill watts – homegoing celebration

it is with great sadness that i inform you of the passing of my wife and one of your favorite rtg records recording artists, country-western gospel singer lillie hill watts.
my family and i would also like to thank you for your kindness during the loss of our songbird. your prayers, laborious and monetary generosity, flowers, text messages, phone calls, and cards let us know that you were thinking of us and, we are truly appreciative. words cannot adequately express the gratitude and thankfulness that the outpouring of your love and concern has provided to us during our time of bereavement.

the service was beautiful and very uplifting to those in attendance however, due to the covid-19 pandemic, we could not invite everyone to the service. you may view the entire service by clicking the photo to the right or click here to view service.

love always
deacon watts and the entire watts family


now playing: lillie hill watts “one day at a time”

http://deaconwatts.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/one-day-at-a-time-lilliehillwatts-sample.mp3
comments comments 



search for item

search for:






like us on facebook 



upcoming eventslatest photos 






view set





 

watts boys reunion
2013

view set



 you are visitor #
  please come again.












meta 
register
log in
voice web designs - let us design your site 
 


recent posts


lillie hill watts official online obituary


lillie hill watts homegoing celebration


it’s here! jay caldwell new cd!


april 3, 2014 erica campbell at bb king-nyc


a few words on shirley caesar


 

recent commentseric on live & more at the grand opera house – cdsara lazar on contact usmj gray on contact usamy campbell on contact uslejana on contact us 












































