







home













































































   +1 386 438-8312     
iantd@iantd.com    
mon - fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (usa easterm time)
           










homenitrox magazineelearningstorecoursesfree divingfree diving diversport divingsport diversport specialtiessport leadershiptek lite & technicaltek lite & technical divertek lite & technical specialtiesrebreather divingrecreational ccr divertek ccr diverccr cave & mine diverccr wreck diveroverhead divingcave & mine diverwreck diverice diverpublic safety divingpublic safety divermembersdigital certificationsprofessional locatorfacility locatoriantd global databasejoin our teambecome a facilitybecome a professionaliantdabout usiantd logoiantd hq teamambassadorsiantd iso certificatequality assuranceapproved ccrsccr training equivalenciesintl. licensees















new iantd logoread all about it!read morelooking for a professional or a facility?find an instructorfind a facilityiantd diver & professional programswhatever you want to do - whether you're completely new to diving and would like to explore the world's tropical reefs or you're an experienced diver wanting to discover the silent world of rebreather diving or the majesty of underwater caves - iantd can get you there. our diver training programs offer a means of diving more safely and in more environments - whatever your level and interests...sport divingthe underwater world is full of adventures.  read moretek lite & technical divingexplore deeper depths. tek lite & technical     specialtiesrebreather diving"no bubbles", technology and fun.  rec    tek    cave   wrecksport diving specialtiesopen your diving horizons.  read moreoverhead divingcave, wreck, mine & ice environments.  cave     wreck     iceemergency programsemergencies don't choose time or place.  read morefree divingfree your limits.  read morepublic safety divinghelp the community.  read moreprofessional programshelp others to become divers.  read moree-learning at your service 24/7iantd e-learning system has everything you need to start or keep learning in no time! professional  facility using the iantd e-learning system gives to your student an opportunity to study at its own pace and time. all the academic requirements can be completed online and after you review all the quizzes and final exam, at the instructor discretion, the next step can start.using the iantd e-learning system gives to your customer an opportunity to study at its own pace and time. all the academic requirements can be completed online and after the instructor review of all the quizzes and final exam, at the instructor discretion, the next step can start.global database system 24/7iantd global database has everything you need to keep you teaching and diving in no time! professional  facility  diver the flexibility of our database incorporates predefined features and options that you can use for faster development of your student. you can:    download, student materials, power points, exams etc...;    add a new iantd diver or search for an iantd diver globaly;    certify your student and provide him with his certification instantanely;    download your personal instructor cards and wall certificates at any time;    print the certification using your own printer.all this without the need to call the iantd office!.the flexibility of our database incorporates predefined features and options that you can use for faster development of your student. you can:have a facility user account who allows the facility to manage the divers and the professionals associated with the facility.download, student materials, power points, exams etc...;add a new iantd diver or search for an iantd diver globaly;add professionals to the facility list of professionals who are part of the facility staff and issue certifications under thier names.certify your student and provide him with his certification instantanely;download your personal instructor cards and wall certificates at any time;print the certification using your own printer.all this without the need to call the iantd office!.as an iantd diver, you also can ake advantage of the iantd global database system in ways you can't even imagine. as a diver you can create your diver account and have free access, from anywhere at anytime, to:    download all you diver certifications and wall certificates;    download all the training materials that your certification allows you to have access;    if a change is made to the training material, you can download again and always have the most updated information;    keep your information up to date.you don't even need to call the iantd office!iantd & the organizationseuf/iso conformityiantd proudly has its euf / iso compliant training standards.rtc - rebreather training counciliantd is proudly a member of rtc - rebreather training council.wrstc - world recreational scuba training counciliantd is proudly a member of wrstc - world recreational scuba training council through the united states council.resa - rebreather education & safety associationiantd is proudly a member of resa - rebreather education & safety association.










 






international association of nitrox divers, iand, was formed in 1985 in response to the needs of the diving public. up until that time, mixed gas diving and the use of decompression gasses was limited, in a formal way, to military and commercial divers.quick linksabout usiantd logoiantd hq teamiantd ambassadorsquick linksiantd iso certificatequality assuranceapproved ccrsccr training equivalenciescontact us119 nw ethan place suite 103, lake city, fl, united states+ 1 (386) 438 8312iantd@iantd.comfab fa-instagramfa fa-facebookfab fa-youtube-squarefab fa-linkedin 








copyright ©2024 international association of nitrox & technical divers 















 











homenitrox magazineelearningstorecoursesfree divingfree diving diversport divingsport diversport specialtiessport leadershiptek lite & technicaltek lite & technical divertek lite & technical specialtiesrebreather divingrecreational ccr divertek ccr diverccr cave & mine diverccr wreck diveroverhead divingcave & mine diverwreck diverice diverpublic safety divingpublic safety divermembersdigital certificationsprofessional locatorfacility locatoriantd global databasejoin our teambecome a facilitybecome a professionaliantdabout usiantd logoiantd hq teamambassadorsiantd iso certificatequality assuranceapproved ccrsccr training equivalenciesintl. licensees







