





gibson design associates































skip to content




gibson design associates





user interface designwebsite designprint designabout gda







back
								




 




 




gibson design associates





gibson design associates is a technologically adept ui/ux design, website design, and graphic design firm serving a national clientele from charlottesville, va. our scientific education helps us present complex information in easy-to-understand ways.
we bring a passion for user interface and user experience design to all of our work. our belief is that everything, whether it’s a book, a website, or an application, has a point at which its design interfaces with the human beings using it, and the principles of user experience design apply to those interfaces, even in more traditional forms like print.


an excerpt from the signer’s gallery in declaring independence: the origin and influence of america’s founding document …


… and a screen from the signer’s gallery in the declaring independence touchscreen table exhibit at the albert and shirley small special collections library


in print, this “interface” includes the usual design elements: typography, color usage, photography, and layout. but it also includes larger questions of how information will be presented, the overall structure of the text, the use of sidebars and non-running text, as well as the inclusion of tables, charts, or other more complex data. 
on the web, a good user experience is even more critical, as website visitors are notoriously ready to move on to other sites or various distractions that the internet has to offer.  presenting your information in an accessible and easily consumable fashion, both on individual pages as well as from an overall information architecture standpoint is critical to designing an effective, engaging website.
application design is that area where ui/ux design is most frequently considered an important element of the design. however, even in application design it is crucial that the ui/ux design be considered as early as possible to help shape the overall experience of the application use from the ground up. 
in any format, ui/ux design is not merely a final pass on an existing product to “pretty it up.” it is a deep and critical examination of how a design works and how the process of engaging with it will facilitate or frustrate the desires of the end users.


user interface design


website design


print design









copyright 2022 © gibson design associates
























