





welcome to marsha's warrick web






















		marsha's warrick web & warrick ingenweb

		finding our warrick county, in ancestors







home»

home
search 
surnames 
queries 
addresses 
faq
what's new
research tips 




cemeteries»

cemeteries
cemetery inscriptions
submitting info




census»

census
lookups




court»

court
legal terms
court index
bonds
citizenship
copies
land patents
naturalization
wills
order records




first families»

first families
surnames a-d
surnames e-j
surnames k-r
surnames s-z
personal gen. sites
misc. photos




military»

military
soldiers
civil war vets




towns»

towns
schools
churches




vital records»

births
deaths
marriages
order records 




resources»

resources
books
maps
newspapers
orphan's records
































welcome to marsha's 
		warrick web & warrick ingenweb
i am marsha bryant, webmistress and coordinator for this warrick county, 
		indiana site. i hope you enjoy your visit. please email me if you have any 
		suggestions or contributions you would like to make. you will see this web 
		is also listed as "marsha's warrick web." when the warrick 
		county genweb became available for adoption, i was asked if i would like 
		to have "marsha's warrick web" to be a part of the ingenweb. 
		i quickly responded that i would love to, but i did not want to change the 
		name of the web. i had over 1000 pages done for warrick county and had been 
		working on this web with the most wonderful group of volunteers since 2005! 
		we agreed that i would keep my name, but have all of the information available 
		for those searching for their warrick ancestors.
warrick county, indiana was established from knox county in 1811. the 
		county seat of warrick is the city of boonville, with a population of about 
		4,000.
i hope you find my efforts helpful in your research of your warrick county 
		roots. i am unable to do additional research on your family as i live in 
		north carolina and do not have direct access to records. i post everything 
		i have for all to use.
make sure you check the "research 
		resources" section! there are books on line: history of warrick 
		county, c. 1868 (it has all kinds of names and dates of warrick families), 
		indexes of books: "the first 100 years", also "yankeetown 
		news" from 1890, books for sale, newspaper articles beginning in 1877, 
		helpful links, look up volunteers and local researchers to help you out.
search this site





this search engine will search everything on this 
			site.





   search this site powered 
						by freefind


 






surrounding counties





					gibson




					pike




					dubois






					vanderburgh


warrick



spencer





henderson, ky




daviess, 
					ky







family roots


 
 genealogy quotes




					why waste your money looking up your family tree? just go into 
					politics and your opponents will do it for you.

					~ mark twain







					there are only two lasting bequests we can give our children 
					- one is roots, and the other, wings.

					~hodding s. carter







					everyone has ancestors and it is only a question of going back 
					far enough to find a good one. 

					~ howard k. nixon







					we've uncovered some embarrassing ancestors in the not-too-distant 
					past. some horse thieves, and some people killed on saturday 
					nights. one of my relatives, unfortunately, was even in the 
					newspaper business.

					~jimmy carter







					southerners are so devoted to genealogy that we see a family 
					tree under every bush.

					~florence king





warrick mailing list
keep up to date on the additions to this page, and get to know other 
		warrick county researchers. join the warrick county mail list.

post: inwarric@groups.io
subscribe: inwarric+subscribe@groups.io
unsubscribe: inwarric+unsubscribe@groups.io
group owner: inwarric+owner@groups.io
 this is a great list to ask questions about your ancestors! 





"the chosen"

			we are the chosen. in each family there is one who seems called to find 
			the ancestors. to put flesh on their bones and make them live again. 
			to tell the family story and to feel that somehow they know and approve. 
			doing genealogy is not a cold gathering of facts but, instead, breathing 
			life into all who have gone before. we are the story tellers of the 
			tribe. all tribes have one. we have been called, as it were, by our 
			genes. those who have gone before cry out to us: tell our story. so, 
			we do. in finding them, we somehow find ourselves. how many graves have 
			i stood before now and cried? i have lost count. how many times have 
			i told the ancestors, "you have a wonderful family; you would be 
			proud of us.". how many times have i walked up to a grave and felt 
			somehow there was love there for me? i cannot say. it goes beyond just 
			documenting facts. it goes to who i am, and why i do the things i do. 
			it goes to seeing a cemetery about to be lost forever to weeds and indifference 
			and saying - i can't let this happen. the bones here are bones of 
			my bone and flesh of my flesh. it goes to doing something about it. 
			it goes to pride in what our ancestors were able to accomplish. how 
			they contributed to what we are today. it goes to respecting their hardships 
			and losses, their never giving in or giving up, their resoluteness to 
			go on and build a life for their family. it goes to deep pride that 
			the fathers fought and some died to make and keep us a nation. it goes 
			to a deep and immense understanding that they were doing it for us. 
			it is of equal pride and love that our mothers struggled to give us 
			birth, without them we could not exist, and so we love each one, as 
			far back as we can reach. that we might be born who we are. that we 
			might remember them. so we do. with love and caring and scribing each 
			fact of their existence, because we are they and they are the sum of 
			who we are. so, as a scribe called, i tell the story of my family. it 
			is up to that one called in the next generation to answer the call and 
			take my place in the long line of family storytellers. that is why i 
			do my family genealogy, and that is what calls those young and old to 
			step up and restore the memory or greet those who we had never known 
			before."
by della m. cummings wright; rewritten by her granddaughter 
		dell jo ann mcginnis johnson; edited and reworded by tom dunn, 1943."
		


































questions or comments?
if you have questions or problems with this site, email the
		county coordinator. 
		please to not ask for specfic research on your family. i am unable to do 
		your personal research. i do not live in indiana and do not have access 
		to additional records.


contact us 
if you have questions, contributions, or problems with this site, email:
		
coordinator - marsha bryant
		lena harper - state coordinator - gostraka@yahoo.com
		jim cox - asst. state coordinator -
		nyclvr2012@gmail.comkaren 
		zach - asst. state coordinator -
		karen.zach@sbcglobal.net




marsha's warrick web & warrick county ingenweb copyright
		

 
designed by
		templates in time

❖















