



 christianwritings.net webpublishers home 







   christianwritings.net webpublishers


the life of christ    §    other books    §    links    §    downloads    §    about this site    §    contact us



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the life of christ
other books
links

downloads

about this site

contact us


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the life of christ
other books
links

downloads

about this site

contact us











                       	this site is humbly offered to you for the glory of god.
	our aim is to bring you the finest conservative christian writings that are in the public domain. books which are either instructional or inspirational or both.  we do this as a service to you who believe, and to you who earnestly seek truth.  no fee is requested, no subscription required, no donation expected.  this is our humble offering to aid in your search for god, for his blessings, for his mercy and forgiveness . . . and for his truth.

	the initial offering is frederic farrar's life of christ.  farrar was a well-known british preacher who lived from 1831 to 1903 and served—among other places—as minister of london's famed westminster abbey and later as dean of canterbury.  "his ability to blend historical details with biblical facts" drew huge crowds to listen to his sermons.
	farrar makes christ's life on earth come alive.  he puts you in the first century.  you feel as though you walk with that happy band that followed jesus.  you triumph, you toil, you weep and you suffer with him . . . and at the end you stand amazed and joyous at his resurrection.  (farrar also sends you scrambling for your dictionary, at times, as he enlarges your vocabulary.)
	this book richly deserves wide publication and so we—now electronically—send it forth to continue its 127 year blessing.

the books published on this site are formatted in this way—



title page is a photo (for historical interest)

balance of text is scanned ocr (optical character recognition)

type is "set" in narrowed columns and in

slightly oversized type for easier reading

navigation tools are at the bottom of each chapter 

this makes a printout cleaner and less confusing.  you can also navigate from chapter to chapter by changing just the chapter number in the browser address bar. (e.g., chapt-3.htm to chapt-4.htm)

page format was checked at 800 x 600 pixels resolution using internet explorer ver. 5.00.2614.3500



so, if you're ready to step into the first century, click on one of these links:


>> contentsforeword | chapter 1title page >>




may god richly bless you, and may jesus give you peace in believing.
 the staff at christianwritings.net
 







