



















industrial ovens | industrial oven manufacturer | wisoven











utility navigation




news


blog


events








 262.642.3938













































request quote














 













request a quote





























productsbatch ovensaluminum age ovenscomposite curing ovenscustom batch ovensdrop bottom furnaces (dbf)enhanced duty walk-in ovens (ewn)express batch ovens (ebo)heat treat ovens/draw & temper furnaces (sdb)nitrogen atmosphere batch furnace (abo)heavy-duty walk-in oven (swh)horizontal quench system (hqs)normal duty walk-in oven (swn)pit furnacespowder coating batch ovenssmall batch ovens (sbh)standard top load oven (stl)ultimate hd walk-in ovens (uwh)w-wall® ovensconveyor ovensair sealed overhead trolley conveyor ovens (sct series)belt conveyor ovens & furnacescarousel conveyor ovenschain conveyor ovenscustom conveyor ovens & furnacesprint plate conveyor oven (spc ovens)pusher furnaces & indexing conveyor ovensstandard spindle (chain on edge) conveyor ovens (scs series)vertical conveyor ovens & furnaces (ferris wheel ovens)web dryers & strip cure ovenspollution control equipmentthermal fume incineratorswalk-in batch ovensenhanced duty walk-in ovens (ewn)express batch ovensheavy-duty walk-in oven (swh series)normal duty walk-in oven (swn)ultimate hd walk-in ovens (uwh)custom industrial ovenslaboratory ovensrental/refurb equipmentprocessadhesive curingaluminum agingaluminum solution treatmentannealingcomposite curingcuringdryingfilament wound composite curinghoneycomb composite curinginert atmosphere processingout of autoclavepaper pulp dryingpost weld heat treatmentpowder coatingpre-heatingsand core dryingstress relievingtemperingthermoformingindustriesaerospaceautomotivecompositesenergyfinishingfoundryheat treatinglaboratorymilitarypharmaceuticalparts & servicereplacement partscalibration servicesinstallation servicesexpedited repair servicesoven modification & refurbishmentoven relocation rebuildpreventative maintenancestart-up traininguniformity servicesdatasense monitoring systemsupportresourcestechnical informationcfd analysis and testingcombination airflowcontinuous airflow stylesdirect fired & indirect gas firedenergy efficiencyheat treat definitionshorizontal air flowwasher & quench tankswow™ warranty informationtroubleshooting guidefinancing optionsabout uschampionship culturetestimonialsassociationswhy wisconsin oven?newstps brandsbaker-furnaceblue-mgruenberglindberg/mphlunairetenneyredline chamberscareersemployee benefitsemployee testimonialsemployee eventscontact usnewsblogevents
















explore industrial ovens


















the leader in industrial oven manufacturing
wisconsin oven corporation has been designing, engineering, and manufacturing industrial ovens and other heating equipment for over 40 years. our standard and custom industrial ovens are used for a multitude of applications including heat treating, finishing, drying, or curing. the experienced design team at wisconsin oven corporation is able to meet even the most stringent standards for our customers’ industrial oven equipment.
more about us
















featured industrial ovens



wisconsin oven offers custom and standard industrial ovens in either batch or continuous designed to meet your specific temperature uniformity and equipment performance requirements. our batch and conveyor ovens are factory adjusted and tested prior to shipment to help reduce installation and start-up times.









batch ovens











walk-in ovens











conveyor ovens











pollution control equipment






view all products






featured industrial oven processes








adhesive curing ovens









sand core









powder coating









inert atmosphere processing









annealing









aluminum aging oven









composite curing









aluminum solution treatment






view all processes






featured industries












aerospace














automotive














composites














energy














finishing














heat treating







view all industries












to woc,
i just wanted to let you know how impressed we've been with your assistance in the selection, purchasing process right through the manufacturing of the recent equipment we purchased from your company. what really put everything into perspective was when we came in to witness uniformity testing plus walk through of oven’s operations. everyone was helpful and the overall appearance of your facilities was impressive. it was quite clear your staff takes pride in their work . we are very pleased with our choice of woc and look forward to many years of doing business with you.
thanks to all at woc.
brian k. bacon








read more testimonials



our latest news










wisconsin oven ships two-zone belt conveyor oven for steel tempering
posting date: dec 12, 2024

  wisconsin oven corporation is pleased to announce the shipment of a two (2) zone belt conveyor oven that will be used for tempering various steel parts after induction hardening. this oven is designed for precise temperature control and energy efficiency. the conveyor oven is capable of heating 2,400 pounds of steel per hour from 70°f to 350°f, with a maximum temperature rating of 500°f. the recirculation system features a top-down airflow design with a 32,000 cfm blower, with each of the two zones utilizing 16,000 cfm. the temperature for both zones is controlled by a watlow f4t digital recorder/controller, which





      read more
    










wisconsin oven ships curing oven for filament wound composite parts
posting date: nov 20, 2024

  wisconsin oven corporation announced the shipment of one (1) gas fired batch oven to a leading military supplier. this batch oven will be used to cure long, tube-shaped filament wound composite parts. this oven is designed to process up to 5,000 pounds of wound composite parts per load while optimizing floor space in the customer’s facility. the work chamber dimensions are 6’ wide x 6’ long x 13’9” high. the parts are loaded into the chamber by a powered load car in a vertical orientation on wound mandrels. this configuration significantly reduces floor space requirements compared to a horizontal setup





      read more
    










wisconsin oven ships filament wound composite curing oven to the defense industry
posting date: oct 08, 2024

  wisconsin oven corporation announced the shipment of one (1) gas fired walk-in batch oven to a leading manufacturer in the defense industry. this batch oven will be used for curing filament wound composite materials. the oven has the capacity to process a 78,000 pound load of composite material wound on a 40’ long mandrel, carried on a load car. the work chamber dimensions are 10’ wide x 42’ long x 9’ high with a qualified work zone of 8’ wide x 40’ long x 8’ high. the oven is equipped with a rotation system at the rear of the oven





      read more
    










wisconsin oven ships small batch oven to canadian manufacturer
posting date: sep 09, 2024

  wisconsin oven is pleased to announce the international shipment of one (1) electrically heated small batch oven to a canadian manufacturer of automotive components. the oven will be used for curing parts. this small batch oven has a maximum temperature rating of 650°f and chamber dimensions of 4’ w x 4’ l x 4’ h. guaranteed temperature uniformity of ± 10° f was documented prior to shipment with a nine (9) point profile test conducted in an empty oven chamber under static operating conditions. the unit is constructed using patented high efficiency panel seams that provide 25% better insulating efficiency





      read more
    










wisconsin oven ships inert atmosphere oven to the defense industry
posting date: aug 19, 2024

  wisconsin oven is pleased to announce the shipment of one inert atmosphere batch oven with an atmosphere-to-water cooling system to a leading defense industry manufacturer. the oven will be used for processing stainless steel parts in a reduced oxygen environment to prevent scaling. the maximum temperature rating of this oven is 1,250°f and it has the capacity to heat and cool approximately 6,000 lbs of steel per load in an inert atmosphere. the temperature is controlled by a watlow f4t digital recorder/controller with ethernet communication capabilities. guaranteed temperature uniformity of +/- 10°f at 1,000°f and 1,200°f was verified with a





      read more
    










wisconsin oven ships electrically heated drop bottom furnace to the aerospace industry
posting date: jun 18, 2024

  wisconsin oven is pleased to announce the shipment of one (1) electrically heated drop bottom furnace with traveling quench tank and maintenance platform. this system will be used for the solution heat treatment of aluminum parts for the aerospace industry. the drop bottom furnace has a maximum operating temperature of 1,100°f and effective workspace dimensions of 3’6” w x 3’6” l x 4’0” h. an osha compliant maintenance platform provides ease of access for personnel to service the equipment. the quench tank capacity is approximately 1,700 gallons and includes fluid level control (low, fill, high), a lockable water drain port





      read more
    










wisconsin oven ships batch ovens to the manufacturing industry
posting date: feb 29, 2024

  wisconsin oven corporation is pleased to announce the shipment of two (2) custom-designed gas fired batch ovens with roll-up doors. the ovens will be used to hold molded urethane wheels prior to a curing process. the batch ovens have a maximum operating temperature of 350°f and work chamber dimensions of 9’ wide x 4’6” long x 10’6” high. the ovens are designed with electrically operated roll-up doors in the front of the oven constructed from high-temperature fabric. the door controls allow the door to open halfway or all the way by a command from a loading robot. in addition to





      read more
    










wisconsin oven ships two horizontal quench systems to the semiconductor industry
posting date: nov 09, 2023

  wisconsin oven is pleased to announce the shipment of two (2) electrically heated horizontal quench systems to the semiconductor industry. the systems will be used for the annealing and rapid cooling of various high purity alloy parts. the operating procedure for each horizontal quench system includes loading the product on a work grid located on the loading platform. once the load is lifted into place, a pusher/extractor mechanism located at the front of the quench tank moves the load onto the quench lift platform, then the furnace pusher/extractor mechanism pulls the load into the furnace for annealing. after completing the





      read more
    










wisconsin oven to ship three custom conveyor ovens to the molded fiber industry
posting date: sep 29, 2023

  wisconsin oven corporation is scheduled to ship three (3) custom dryers to a manufacturer in the molded fiber industry. the ovens will be used for drying thick-walled paper pulp molded fiber packaging material used in a variety of products. molded fiber packaging is made of 100% recycled materials, making them an environmentally friendly solution for companies looking to use sustainable packaging and reduce their environmental impact. these paper pulp drying conveyor ovens are designed with four (4) temperature zones, and each has the sufficient capability to remove 850 pounds of water per hour from the molded pulp. the ovens feature





      read more
    





view all latest news
















wisconsin oven corporation

 
262.642.3938


 
262.207.5107


 
2675 main street
east troy, wi 53120







sign up to receive our latest news




you must have javascript enabled to use this form.




 
email





 

 












leave this field blank


























© copyright wisconsin oven corporation. 2025. all rights reserved. designed by top floor.





privacy policy | terms of use



















