



wiki





















main page

from wiki

jump to navigationjump to search

contents

1 welcome!
2 news
3 projects
4 embedded controller related pages
5 weather & lake data links
6 pets
7 humor
8 amateur radio
9 my, my, my...


welcome!
welcome to tinymicros.com.  this is a collection of things that interest me, from code i've written to cooking to hydroponics to owner's manuals for darn near everything i own to amateur radio to... well, check out the 'browse categories' link on the left for a top level view.  i add content rather infrequently, even though the home page itself rarely gets updated (some of the links to projects are a little dated...)
if you find something interesting, i'm happy.  if you see spelling or grammar errors, or mis-information, please feel free to let me know.  if you find some of the humor a little off-color, too bad!

news
my latest project is an attempt at beekeeping

projects
1-wire network - temperature and squirrel trap sensing
comp-u-kat & kats-eye - on-board computer for a suzuki gsx600f motorcycle
fish tank - cindy and i decided we needed a fish tank
z80 sbc - a z80-based single board computer
category:projects - other assorted projects
embedded controller related pages
nxp lpc21xx
msp430 bugspray database
forth language related info
pic (gag) info
8051 code repository
printed circuit board houses
category:processors - information on various processors
weather & lake data links
lake lanier levels (daily rss feed), lake lanier trivia, song of the chattahoochee
lake allatoona levels (daily rss feed)
national weather radio locator database (database updated 2009/01/24)
temperatures around the house
s.e. region lightning strike map
weather at n1ips house
weather at ke4ikcs house
weather equipment and gear
pets
the story of a very expensive dog
pictures of the pets
category:pets - pet related pages
humor
letter to kitchenaid, requesting exchange of a defective mixer
lunacy - a play for our times
web comics i enjoy
category:humor - other humorous things (to me, at least)
amateur radio
list of current and past radios and antennas
some interesting digital modes for amateur radio
my, my, my...
my blog
my photo gallery
my flickr pictures
my youtube videos
my librarything
my del.icio.us links
my google rss feed
my facebook page
my tumblr page
my linkedin page
my amazon wish list
my stuff i might be selling on ebay
really obsolete material






retrieved from "https://tinymicros.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=8880"








navigation menu

page actions


main pagediscussionreadview sourcehistory




page actions

main pagediscussionmoretools



personal tools


log in








navigation

main pagebrowse categoriesrecent changesrandom pagehelp



search

 



tools

what links hererelated changesspecial pagesprintable versionpermanent linkpage information














 this page was last edited on 18 january 2020, at 17:06.
privacy policyabout wikidisclaimers





