


charity deductions















 



what we do
how it works
who can benefit
get support
member login
 






get support
member login








donate smarter
itemize with accurate values to increase your tax refund.
start free trial!
buy now









if you're like most people, it's easier to donate your stuff than it is to sell it.
bag it up, drop it off. done.
then at tax time, you might claim the standard deduction, but nothing more, to avoid a scary irs form or risk an audit.







you may have set yourself up to overpay your taxes by hundreds of dollars.







2.1 million people overpaid their taxes by an average of $438 by just taking standard deductions vs. itemizing them.
two out of three taxpayers walk away from this money! 1







what would you do with the extra money?
weekend family road trip?
a bigger flatscreen?








why do two-thirds of taxpayers walk away from this money? irs form 8283 requires you to claim the fair market value for each item and disclose the method used to determine those values. what the irs says…
this research can be challenging and tedious to do on your own…







donate smarter and increase your tax refund.
charitydeductions.com has done all the hard work for you. we research current and accurate values for over 15,000 items in five condition levels so you don't have to! if the irs asks for your valuation method, kindly redirect them to us! would that "free" value guide you found online do that for you? no way.
all you have to do is quickly enter your donation list and print out a report for your records or cpa. and you're confidently on your way to a larger refund — and not overpaying taxes.


start free trial!
– or –
buy now












as seen on good morning america



 

what the press is saying…

 


here's what customers said…

“i love the ease and convenience of using charitydeductions.com! the software determines, organizes and maximizes the value of my deductions in a way that makes doing my taxes a breeze. thank you for providing such a valuable service.” 
 — j. sabolski, ca 


“i was dreading the several hours of work necessary to prepare my charitable contributions documentation. what would have taken me 2-3 hours only took me 40 minutes. most importantly, charitydeductions.com was instrumental in lowering what we owed in taxes. thanks again!” 
 — l. macey, ny 


“we donated items from a jam-packed storage unit that included everything from antique furniture, paintings, garden furniture, tools, various clothing donations, and jewelry. i was amazed that your website included categories for everything we donated and even reminded me of things i forgot to write down. such a helpful tool!” 
 — r. yamada, tx 


start free trial!
buy now







 
 
tax professionals
learn how to get your client a bigger refund and avoid audit fears. improve client retention or learn about our affiliate program. learn more

 
 
free trial offer
try charitydeductions.com for free and see how fast you save money!  save over $50 before you decide to pay our $29.95/year fee.





what we do

fair market values
get what you deserve
what the irs says



about us

our mission
testimonials
press



support

billing questions
customer service





copyright © 2005 - 2016 charitydeductions.com, llc. all rights reserved. | site map | privacy policy






  




