





























office of the registrar | mcmaster university
























in this section


home
apply

high school applicants
non-high school applicants
former mcmaster students


incoming class

overview
dates & deadlines
fees & payment
enrolment
aid & awards
international students
resources


finances

aid & awards hub
dates & deadlines
funds finder
fees & payment
osap/government aid
scholarships and bursaries
work program
emergency aid
forms
international students


enrol/exams

dates & deadlines
enrol/withdraw
exams and grades
international students


services

services hub
transcripts
enrolment verification
service request forms
international students
other campus resources


convocation

convocation hub
graduation preparation guide
convocation day essentials
how to get to the venue
accessibility
media at convocation
keep celebrating
frequently asked questions
proof of graduation
live stream


alumni

alumni hub
transcripts
aid & awards
degree verification
services


contact
 


how can we help?the student services team offers in-person and online support.
how can we help?learn moreservice requestsmosaic service requests are an easy to use, self-serve process to request registrarial letters, verifications and more.
service requestslearn moredates & deadlinesstay up-to-date on all the important dates and deadlines for the academic year.
dates & deadlineslearn more
check out what’s going on!filter categorieseventssearch itemsfilterclearguide to awardspring – your scholarship and bursary platform



august 07, 2024 @ 08:00 am 

what is awardspring? the awardspring platform is where mcmaster students go to find and apply for internal scholarship and bursary...webinar: help applying for osap



june 08, 2023 

join student services for an online webinar that offers new students and their families, information and guidance on how to...intro to osap



may 01, 2023 

view our video tutorial above for the common practices on applying to osap. to calculate your course load, you can...how to complete and submit the osap extension form



march 06, 2023 

view our video tutorial above on how to complete and submit the osap extension form. please note: a fully completed...show more
self serveservicesmytimetableuniversity/college transfersfees & paymentaid & awards formsservice request forms


2



office of the registrar

contact student services
in-person hours
monday to friday: 10 a.m. – 3:30 p.m. et
gilmour hall, 108
join the line for drop in service.
live chat hours
monday to friday: 1:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. et
our online chatbot, mac, is available 24/7.
hours are subject to change. learn more about updates on office closures and modified hours.
self servicevisit our service request page and mosaic for more information.


instagram
mcmaster university is committed to fostering a respectful organizational culture in which all students, staff and faculty can learn, work and live in an inclusive and barrier-free environment that fosters equality, respect and accessibility. if you have an accommodation need for a planned meeting (virtual or in-person), please let us know directly through the live chat and we will do our best to make appropriate arrangements.


back to top


















 








