






handel choir of baltimore – baroque & beyond







































home | about us | concerts | auditions | news | support us
subscribe here!
leibeslieder & missa solemnisbeethoven and brahms: a two-concert duo for only $90!
round out your hcb 90th season with these two glorious choral events, available now at a 20% discount.
buy package
liebesliederwhat better way to chase away winter’s chill than with the warmth of romantic song? brahms’ beloved liebeslieder walzes serve as the backbone of our program, interspersed with contemporary pieces of love lost, found, unrequited – and forbidden. featuring the music of clara schumann, brahms’ muse (and possible secret lover?).
saturday, march 8, 2025, 7:30 pmsecond presbyterian church, baltimore
buy tickets
missa solemnisbeethoven at the basilica! experience the majesty of what beethoven himself called “mein großes werk” under the grand dome of the baltimore basilica, with the largest period instrument orchestra that the city has ever known. hear this towering masterwork of the romantic era in its first performance in over thirty years – a must-see event for any classical music lover in baltimore.
saturday, may 17, 2025, 3:00 pmbaltimore basilica
buy tickets
follow us!socials, sights, & sounds

 






sponsorshandel choir thanks preston and nancy athey for their sustaining support. our 2024-2025 season is supported in part by grants from the organizations pictured.
support the choir here






handel choir of baltimore
120 allegheny avenue
towson, maryland, 21204

410.568.9972
info@handelchoir.org

choir portal access our choir members’ portal for the latest updates, calendar, directions, event flyers and more.
access portal

handel choir of baltimore is a member of greater baltimore cultural alliance.


 sign up to receive information about handel choir of baltimore events!
first name last name email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe tohandel choir of baltimore communications and marketing example: yes, i would like to receive emails from handel choir of baltimore. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: handel choir of baltimore. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact

copyright ©2009-2019 handel choir of baltimore. photos by anne marie lund/lnt photography, roy cox photography, katya chilingiri, elliot greenwald, will kirk, john la costa and anne c.a. wilson.























