   raleigh family & marriage legal team at marshall & taylor pllc  
                 
 


(919) 752-3088

checkboxmarshall & taylor is taking a safe but proactive approach to the coronavirus situation in our law practice. we are working every day to represent our clients. at the same time, we are following best practices to protect the health of our employees and our clients.to protect our employees and our clients we are encouraging meetings by phone, facetime, skype or similar means.we are also working with the divorce and civil courts, as well as opposing counsel, to arrange court appearances, settlement conferences, and other litigation events remotely whenever possible.your phone calls will be returned. your emails will be answered. your case deadlines will be met.the days ahead may be a challenge. but we will continue to work to take care of our client’s cases and to take on new matters and clients. we will simply manage your case in less traditional, more technology-driven ways, that are safer for your health and ours. please stay healthy and contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding your case or a new matter for us to consider.

navigationhomeaboutpractice areastestimonialscontact

nav
call 919-833-1040

homeaboutfamily lawtestimonialscareerscontact
navigationhomeaboutpractice areastestimonialscontact

jeff marshall is a board certified specialist in family law
we help people protect their children and finances experienced raleigh divorce lawyers
contact us todaytrust the family legal team at marshall & taylor pllcending your marriage can be an intense, long-lasting emotional strain, even in the best of circumstances. you might be struggling with depression, feelings of isolation, anxiety, and frustration. on top of the emotional toll, ending a marriage requires you to restructure your life and your finances. you and your spouse have to come to agreements about property division and money even while coping with the reality of your marriage coming to an end. the decisions you make while ending a marriage will have consequences for your future and will impact any children you might have. it’s true, ending a marriage can be an absolutely overwhelming experience, but it doesn’t have to be.it’s an understatement to say that leaving your spouse is tough, but the skilled raleigh divorce attorneys at marshall & taylor pllc can help make the process as painless as possible. we can provide legal counsel so that you understand your rights and know what to expect from the divorce process. we can also serve as your legal representative, taking some of the formal filing burdens off your shoulders. additionally, our marriage lawyers are ready to help you achieve an amicable, desirable outcome to ending your relationship by mediating between you and your spouse. we can also aggressively protect your rights when it comes to any serious disagreements or disputes concerning child custody, alimony, property division, and other issues. with our help, you can leave your marriage with your dignity intact and your best interests protected. learn more about how we can help you by calling (919) 833-1040.see what our clients are saying

looking for an attorney whose ethics and morals are above reproach? look no further than the attorneys at marshall & taylor... he has my strongest recommendation if you are in need of a professional attorney who not only understands the law, but is highly experienced and cost effective!-jody from avvo
- phenomenal cost-effective attorneythe divorce process is tough. not only is it emotionally difficult and physically draining, but the actual legal process itself is simply unchartered territory for most of us. when my spouse served me with a separation papers & an out of this world financial proposal — i nearly had a heart attack. i was just plain shocked and totally unprepared for the ridiculous and unjustified financial demands that she wanted. i was an emotional wreck, but in a panic, i called my cpa advisor and asked for help. i’ve known my cpa for over 5 years having found him thru the dave ramsey website. when i asked him to recommend a divorce attorney, he gave me one name, jeff marshal. i’m not going to attempt to list all the reasons you should call jeff, but i can attest that you will not be sorry you called. the divorce process has significant and lasting implications on everything important in your life after divorce. make sure you that you have jeff by your side when these decisions are being made, i am certain that you will be glad you did.
- i recommend jeff marshalli found myself in a position of impending separation/divorce. my situation involved marital misconduct in another country(a very difficult to prove situation), did my due diligence; read reviews and went to visit 5 different attorneys... my case outcome was much better than the original offer i made to my ex spouse(before i had a lawyer) and giving credit where credit is due; jeff’s knowledge to execution is what made the difference. i must add jeff made me look past my anger and really had the best interests of me and my children in mind...- client from avvo
- i highly recommend jeff. him and his staff are awesome!mr marshall prepared my premarital agreement for me. i am extremely pleased with the results. he provided excatly what i asked and more. i would highly recommend mr. marshall to anyone needing his services.- client from avvo
- great job!i recently used jeff marshall to settle my drawn-out and contentious divorce and custody cases, and found him to be extremely helpful. he took his time to get to know me and my situation, helped me make decisions moving forward, gave me great advice on things that i could do that would limit the time he needed to spend on the case (thus dropping my bill), and represented me quite well during my custody hearing. having jeff as my attorney was, in my opinion, critical to positive outcome i received from the custody hearing.- client from avvo
- great attorney!
read more client stories types of cases we handlewhen we think about family, we would like to think that our matters never involve the law. our families and our homes are meant to be personal and friendly, and we tend to think of the law as operating on a public or stressful scale. however, legal issues involving even our most intimate relationships can arise. at marshall & taylor pllc, we have the knowledge and the experience necessary to handle a wide variety of these legal issues including:
divorce
contested divorce
uncontested divorce
collaborative divorce
mediated divorce
separation
child custody
child support
alimony
property division
alternative dispute resolution
domestic violence and restraining orders
adoption
prenuptial agreementsany legal dispute that concerns those closest to you will be emotionally difficult and personally draining. it is important that you choose a distinguished family law practitioner who possesses the knowledge to safeguard your rights and help you handle your case with dignity. whether you are going through a divorce or seeking a restraining order, our lawyers will prioritize your interests and well-being.
how and where is a divorce complaint filed in north carolina? 



getting startedfind out the reasons for divorce and how to start the divorce journey




discovery phasewe walk you through what is involved in the discovery phase of a divorce





alternatives to trialthere are different ways couples get to a divorce without having to use the option of going to trial





trialsometimes, a divorce trial is necessary. find out what is involved in the divorce trial and what to prepare for


why should i choose marshall & taylor pllc?our raleigh divorce lawyers understand that our clients are already going through an exceptionally trying time from the minute they step into our office. that’s why we value clear, open, honest communication with the people we serve. we want to favorably wrap up your case as swiftly and as smoothly as possible so that you can move forward with your life. however, even though we treat our clients with the utmost compassion, we are well-equipped to fight aggressively to protect your rights. our divorce lawyers understand the value of diplomacy and mediation. if those approaches do not work, we are more than willing to defend you, your finances, and your children to the full extent of the law.additionally, jeffrey e. marshall is board certified in family law, a distinction that means he has met high standards set by the north carolina state bar.if you are ready to learn more about our services or to schedule a confidential consultation regarding divorce, contact us today.
learn more contact our raleigh family attorneys todayif you are struggling with a marriage or any other family law matter, you need the help of a skilled, experienced lawyer. troubles and problems involving those closest to you can be very draining. ending your marriage or fighting to receive the alimony you need can create stress that seeps into all areas of your life.
at marshall & taylor pllc, our dedicated family lawyers have the knowledge, the integrity, and the work ethic you need to achieve a satisfactory outcome in your family law case. call our raleigh lawyers today at (919) 833-1040 to speak with a skilled legal professional about how we can help you.first name*last name*e-mail address*
phone*message* 






δ raleighwilmington
marshall & taylor pllc

221 glenwood ave raleigh, nc 27603




(919) 833-1040                            

marshall & taylor pllc

landfall executive suites  1213 culbreth drive, suite 123   wilmington, nc 28405



(984) 520-6690






home  |   firm overview  |   practice areas  |   testimonials  |   articles  |   faqs  |   contact  |   privacy policy  |   sitemap  |   firm blogareas servedapexcarrborocarydurhamhillsboroughholly springsknightdalemillbrookmorrisvillepittsborowake forestzebulonapex  |   carrboro  |   cary  |   durham  |   hillsborough  |   holly springs  |   knightdale  |   millbrook  |   morrisville  |   pittsboro  |   wake forest  |   zebulonthe hiring of an attorney is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. this web site is designed for general information only. the information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a attorney/client relationship.raleigh office

221 glenwood ave raleigh, nc 27603




(919) 833-1040 
wilmington office

1213 culbreth dr suite 123 wilmington, nc 28405




(984) 520-6690


follow us on our socials:


copyright © 2025, marshall & taylor pllc

powered by















            

 



