








home - zarathushtrian assembly
















































































































skip to content
skip to footer















 





zarathushtrian assembly  



homeaboutgathasfaqseventsresourcesmembershipcontact 









donate 

















 











zarathushtrian assembly  













 



donate 
















zarathushtrian assembly 
close


homeaboutgathasfaqseventsresourcesmembershipcontact 



























experience life with a new perspective.
seek for truth before you believe.
open yourself to new possibilities.
renew yourself with a fresh vision.
strengthen your mind with constructive thoughts.
empower others through positive words.
enrich your community by sustainable charity.


message of the day 
“sometimes we need to find the wisdom in the minute workings of life if we wish to affect change on a large scale.”
read more






×
message of the day



(gathas: song 6.7 / y33.7)
â mâ âidûm vahishtâ
â  xvaithyâcâ mazdâ dareshatcâ
ashâ vohû mananghâ
ýâ sruyê parê magâunô,
âvish-nå añtare hêñtû
nemaxvaitîsh cithrå râtayô.

come to me, o best one, o wise one,
in person and in sight
through righteousness and good mind
so that i am heard beyond the fellowship.
let our reverential offerings
be clearly manifested among us.
summary:zarathushtra is now invoking lord wisdom (mazda), his best support, to assist his vision through the universal law and the good mind. he wants to reach wisdom through knowledge and his own reasoning as he wants clear guidance to spread his message to the wider world. he wants his prayers answered by success in turning people away from the deception of choosing evil.


close




 










































 
















introductionwho we are 











the zarathushtrian assembly was founded by a group of visionary zoroastrians in 1990 to create a progressive platform for people of all backgrounds, regardless of current religious belief, world view, national origin, ethnicity, or personal interpretation of zoroastrianism, to study the philosophy and teachings of zoroaster (zarathushtra), as taught in the gathas (his thought-provoking mantras). 











about us 









































the gathasa timeless translation 











3,500 years ago, zarathushtra encapsulated his teachings in 17 philosophical poems designed to provoke the thought of the reader; they are as relevant today as they were then. experience them now with the accompanying original text and commentary. 











read more 























 




























































our historyback to the future 


































our historyback to the future 

















the teachings of zarathushtra are perhaps among the very few belief systems in human history, where its older more fundamental form is non-prescriptive 











read more 



































our mission“…may we be among those who make this life fresh! you lords of wisdom, who bring happiness through righteousness, come let us be single-minded in the realm of inner intellect.”(gathas, y30.9)  


















































do you desire to learn the teachings of zarathushtra as taught in his gathas? 

become a member 






























calendarevents 









view more 
















 

february 23, 2025 12:00

zoom roundtable discussion
join us for a zoom roundtable discussion, topic tbd. the invite link is sent via email to our members. 1pm pst, 4pm est. 
read more




 









































community hopeyour contribution matters 









view more 









































































































our valuesgod hears your prayers and knows your generosity 











dicta sunt explicabo. nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur. 











0%traditions0%sermons 






























donations 




we welcome donations, which help us with our operational costs and assist in expanding our programs. 




make donation 



































latest worshipthe sound of our worship 









read more 






















now playing serve the world: think together
radio station



https://faith.ancorathemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/sample-melody.mp3 



 





























most common questionsfaqs 
















is zoroastrianism a religion or a philosophy to live by?

zoroaster (zarathushtra), the ancient iranian prophet and teacher, proclaimed his message in late antiquity to teach humanity to transition from magical thinking to critical thinking and to accept responsibility for all actions in life without emotional dependence on a prescriptive belief system. furthermore, he discouraged the notion of blind faith. however, over the past few thousand years, the fusion of the philosophical teachings of zarathushtra with the cultural and ceremonial practices of the various iranian peoples gave rise to the organized religion we know as zoroastrianism today.







does zoroastrianism forbid “conversion”?

no. zoroastrianism started as a missionary belief system and remains a universal message for all humanity, but historically majority of parsis (indian zoroastrians) have discouraged proselytizing, inter-marriage with non-zoroastrians, and accepting converts from other religions to retain their ethnic identity in the social context of the indian sub-continent. in iran, the theocratic government of the islamic republic forbids muslims to “abandon” islam based on the sharia law of apostasy, so the zoroastrians of iran have been forced to discourage iranian citizens inside that country from reclaiming their pre-islamic heritage.







do i need to be a zoroastrian to become a member of the zarathushtrian assembly?

no. the zarathushtrian assembly welcomes people of all religious backgrounds to participate in our activities and join as a member. we are happy to discuss and share the ethical philosophy of zarathushtra with all who are interested.







is zoroastrianism a dualistic religion (believing in two opposing deities of good and evil)?

zarathushtra’s original teachings only refer to one creator/life-force, namely ahura mazda (alternately, mazda ahura), the wise lord or wise bestower of life. the only opposing forces are the abstract concepts of angra mainyu (destructive mentality) versus spenta mainyu (constructive mentality) that reside inside each person, who is faced with choices in life that lead to the respective consequences of one’s decisions. angra mainyu (ahriman, in middle persian) was later interpreted by some later zoroastrians as a literal embodiment of evil or the ‘devil’, which was dubbed as “satan” in abrahamic religions.












view all faqs 






















































zarathushtrian assembly 




zarathushtrian assembly was founded by a group of visionary zoroastrians in 1990 to create a progressive platform for people of all backgrounds, regardless of current religious belief, world view, national origin, ethnicity, or personal interpretation of zoroastrianism, to study the philosophy and teachings of zoroaster (zarathushtra), as taught in the gathas (his thought-provoking mantras). 










links 










homeaboutgathasfaqseventsresourcesmembershipcontact 









contact us 











1125 e 17th street, suite e-111santa ana, ca 92701(usa) 












ask@zoroastrian.org 












 (714) 874-5430 







































zarathushtrian assembly © 2023. all rights reserved. 














































































