









airwater - waupon | air purifier & water filter systems madison wi



















p.o. box 1220 wautoma, wi 54982

fresh air - pure water








menu


home
about us
coronavirus & virus protection
shop online
manufacturers
product search
recently viewed items
contact us






				search
                














0 product(s) in cart | 
total $0.00 | 
   shopping cart







non-chemical air and water purification systems and technologies.
proven products for industrial, commercial and residential applications.

				airwater’s natural, non-chemical products sustainably reduce 
				contamination and increase efficiency in air and water systems.





				uvc energy disinfects sars-cov1 and sars-cov2 viruses & bacteria 
				& molds.

click here to read 
				sars-cov2 updates and recommended steril-aire uvc disinfection 
				equipment




air disinfection applications
steril-aire uvc emitter systems for microbial 
				disinfection:

“uvc for hvac” disinfection of air and air handler 
					cooling coils
very high output uvc air disinfection in hospitals and 
					healthcare hvac 
uvc ceiling and wall troffers for “off-hours” 
					disinfection in o.r. and bio labs
uvc irradiation and disinfection of food 
					products and processing equipment 
handheld uvc emitters for surface disinfection in dna 
					and biotechnology labs
mobile in-room uvc disinfection units for hospitals and 
					critical care areas
room fan filter units with uvc, chemical and high 
					efficiency air filtration

hepa, electronic and high efficiency filters for 
				particle filtration:

ceiling mounted hepa terminal fan filters
portable fan filter air cleaners with hepa and carbon 
					filtration
high efficiency, hepa and ulpa filters 
custom clean rooms, parts and systems, hepa/ulpa filters and 
					accessories
electronic industrial filters for smoke and welding 
					applications
industrial filters for oil mist and cnc machine filters.

chemical filtration systems:

room fan filters with hepa and carbon filtration
custom ahu carbon and chemical filter medias and filters



water applications
electronic water conditioning:

mineral scale mitigation and reduction in potable, 
					process & industrial water systems
biofilm and microbiological reservoir disinfection and 
					destruction

uvc reactor systems for water disinfection:

uvc disinfection of process & industrial water systems
uvc disinfection for food processing and cip water
uvc water disinfection in hospitals and healthcare
uvc water disinfection in swimming pools and hot tubs

particle filtration for water systems:

sub-micron water filtration for hvac and process water
custom commercial di and ro filtration systems
cartridge filters for commercial & industrial water

custom services in wi for air disinfection and water 
				conditioning

uvc field intensity measurement and validation in air 
					handlers
hydropath field intensity measurement and validation for 
					water systems















airwater.com is proud to offer the complete line of 
				steril-aire uvc emitter products, and oem parts. steril-aire uvc 
				emitters are used worldwide to reduce microbiological 
				contamination in hvac systems, process equipment, environmental 
				grow and clean rooms, to disinfect and eliminate contaminants 
				and increase process efficiency and roi.

buy genuine 
				steril-aire emitters, systems, parts and accessories here.
				











airwater.com is pleased to offer the innovative hydroflow 
				electronic water conditioner for mineral scale reduction and 
				microbiological organism control in boilers, cooling towers, 
				steam and hot water systems, pools, ponds and process water 
				systems. call airwater if you have hard water problems, scale and slime and 
				high maintenance cycles, with or without a softener, in ice 
				machines, steam systems, heat exchangers or other water 
				applications.

buy a hydroflow unit 
				here.











airwater offers the number 1 residential air cleaner for 
				value and performance. austin air systems’ fan-filter air 
				cleaners utilize custom chemical filter media, true hepa filter 
				media and a washable pre-filter for home and office room air 
				filtration and general cleaning. austin air units are american 
				made in buffalo, ny and represent the best “bang for the buck 
				value” in residential and light commercial air filtration and 
				cleaning equipment.

buy austin air portable 
				fan filter air cleaners for home and office here.











airwater offers clean room equipment and custom, turn-key, 
				clean rooms from clean rooms international. the hepa filter 
				products include fan filters, terminal hepa filters, clean room 
				light fixtures and ceiling panels, portable and soft or hard 
				wall clean rooms, and iso compliant clean benches and 
				workstations.

buy ceiling 
				terminal hepa fan filters and parts here.



recommended items 
tersano lotus pro sao generator
price$1,695.00 


gtd bulbs for de emitter fixtures
pricesee individual product pages. 


steril-aire sterilwand
price$875.00 


austin air hm400 healthmate hepa/chem air cleaner
colorplease select...sandstone
black
silver
price$775.00 


hydroflow s-38 electronic water conditioner
price$625.00 


steril-aire sterilwand w/ sleeved bulb
price$975.00 





products
steril-aire uvc emitters for hvac 
				& air disinfectionevoqua - ets uv water disinfection 
				reactorsevoqua - vortisand sub-micron water filtration
				hydroflow electronic water conditioners for mineral scale
				clean rooms international filters and clean roomsair quality 
				engineering industrial filtration systemstri-dim filter 
				corporation hepa and hi-eff filters


services
airwater uvc field intensity 
				measurement and validationhydropath field intensity 
				measurement and validation





please see
				our store for genuine, oem systems 
				and parts for all our manufacturers.


service area: middleton, 
milwaukee, 
green bay, 
fond du lac, 
waukesha, 
ashland, 
hudson, 
kenosha, 
sturgeon bay, 
mosinee, 
wausau and surrounding communities. 







home | 
about us | 
coronavirus & virus protection | 
shop online | 
manufacturers | 
product search | 
		terms & conditions | 
contact us


hours:mon - fri: 8 am - 5 pm



airwater – menz group inc.
		
		p.o. box 1220, wautoma, wi 54982

we accept
		



























text me


page summary: airwater offers air purifier, water filter, hepa filter and water 
filtration system. products such as best water filter, air cleaner, hepa air 
purifier as well as home air purifier are also part of the scope of our 
business. we also specialize in water filtration, water purifier for homes in 
beaver dam, madison, milwaukee as well as green bay. other areas we serve include 
stevens point, appleton, fond du lac and oshkosh. we also service west bend, watertown and beyond.


© 2016 - 2025 menz group, inc., all rights reserved.


responsive / mobile websites, website design, hosting & seo by page 1 seo design llc 
		





