













nj urology | summit health













      skip to main content
    



 



respiratory illnesses are spreading in our area. to protect our patients and staff, we ask that you please wear a mask in our facilities if you are experiencing any symptoms of cold or flu such as fever or cough. if you do not have a mask, please ask our office staff to provide one.

close alert






home





schedule an appointment


pay bills


urgent care








find a doctor


services


locations


for our patients






      search
      



      menu
      
















 



welcome to summit health!












breadcrumb

home
nj urology




nj urology is proud to be part of summit health. since 2019, summit health and citymd have operated as one care team helping patients with all their primary, specialty, and urgent care needs. whether you need care right now or for a lifetime, summit health and citymd are committed to delivering exceptional care in every neighborhood and at every stage of your care journey.
together, we can build kinder, healthier communities. nj urology and summit health share the same vision and mission of improving the way health care needs are addressed by offering timely, high-quality, and comprehensive care with a seamless patient experience. this connection allows nj urology to continue our path of growth and improvement by enhancing access to services, ensuring appropriate care management, and delivering continuity of care to an even greater patient population.
now, as a patient of summit health, you have access to a broader network of physicians in 94+ specialties and 150+ urgent care locations through citymd that will offer even greater access to care than you have today. click here to find a provider or urgent care location.







helpful links

accepted insurance plans
nju patient faqs
about summit health
request medical records
pay bills
mychart patient portal
find your current provider




quality care you expect and deserve
for any concerns regarding your wellness and care, please contact our patient relations team at (908) 977-9499 or email
wecare@summithealth.com.

learn more






share

emailfacebooktwitterprint

















twitter
facebook
youtube
slideshare
linkedin
instagram




about us


about summit health
leadership team
careers
summit health news
sponsorship requests
summit health cares
health & wellness
code of conduct
compliance manual
privacy & nondiscrimination




patient tools & resources


coronavirus updates
request an appointment
pay bills
patient portal
compliance hotline
request medical records
insurance & pricing
events & lectures
patient relations









 notice of privacy practices
digital privacy policy
sms terms of use
no surprises act
notice of right to good faith estimate
non-discrimination statement - ny & nj

© 2025 - summit health










