








home page - cambridge educational services





























































































skip to content












 









about us

meet our founder
the cambridge consortium
external partnerships
award programs
meeting with my school
online webinar community


faq
contact us
client login
 

 

about us

meet our founder
the cambridge consortium
external partnerships
award programs
meeting with my school
online webinar community


faq
contact us
client login
 

















 



















$0.00

0
 cart




 























go with america's #1 remote and in-person academic support programmission:to provide all students, regardless of ability to pay, with test preparation and supporting services based on empirically proven research.mission:to increase academic achievement of lifelong learners through diversified partnerships with dedicated and amazing groups:  gear up, trio, and other funding grantees; public, private, parochial, and charter schools and districts; and sponsors of adult education and workforce education and training.mission:to provide the best flexible and innovative remote learning and benchmark-based classroom packages to meet the ever-changing needs of students, teachers, and parents.mission:to offer our services at a fair and reasonable price, and to continue our philanthropy (over $8,000,000) to benefit disadvantaged students by using our grant award program to finance programs without funding.mission:to assist our partners’ skill-based programs using best practices as elucidated by authoritative academic scholarship and expert analysis to shape the future of learning. 


 

 






















 


learning supports 

essential skills
career interest inventory 














 


high school equivalency 

ged
hiset
tasc 


















 


act 


act
non-negotiable skills


 














 


dual credit 

tsia 2.0



 


















 


sat 

sat
psat, psat 10, psat 8/9
non-negotiable skills
 














 


workkeys 

applied math
graphic literacy
workplace documents 


















 


college prep / success 

financial aid
admissions
study tips

 














 


grad exams 

gre
gmat
lsat 














we are cambridge 



the mission of cambridge has always been to ensure that every student has an equal opportunity for equal education. if you adopt cambridge programming and conditions on the ground in your school or district change, cambridge will provide you – absolutely free – with the tools to make needed changes. to learn more about cambridge, click here. 




 











						"our teachers are so excited about the cambridge program and resources for our act prep course. we love that the reports can be drilled down so they really provide our teachers with some strong direction on what to prioritize and teach so the students can grow their scores."					


dr. sherry j.secondary ela/ss content leader 






						"thank you so much for all of your assistance with the practice act materials and reports.  the reports came so quick and we really like the format of the reports.  i have gone over the reports myself and with the math department so far and we are loving them!!!  they are super easy to read and so helpful.  we could not be more pleased!!"					


tracy d.instructor 






						"i love the cambridge feedback and lesson plans.  every employee at cambridge provides good service and is always a pleasure to work with.  i like the sincerity of materials prepared to make my program and students successful."					


sunita m.instructor 






						"i’m bombarded with information regularly from other test prep companies, but after getting to know cambridge from seeing them present at conferences, i chose them because they seem more “in-the-trenches” than the others. they know what they’re doing from direct experience, experience i feel the students in my program deserve and can benefit the most from."					


phyllis d.upward bound director 






						"your program has been great. in fact, i was "selling" it to the principals in our area at a meeting last week. i am looking to use your services again this year. i love the data reports! i wish we could use more." 					


karen d.principal 






						"thank you to the cambridge educational services team for providing outstanding responsiveness, customer service, and customer satisfaction. we appreciate the timely delivery of test preparation materials for our continuing education courses and the personalized attention to our instructors whenever they have questions or concerns regarding the materials."					


yvonne b.director of continuing education  






						"over the last 4 years i have had the pleasure of working with cambridge educational services.  the people that represent this company are the most responsive, friendly, and helpful professionals.  every time i have questions or need guidance, cambridge has been there to help. i would recommend using cambridge educational services to every school out there!"					


lindsey l.counselor  






						"i have been impressed with the level of attention i have received from cambridge i feel that all of my questions have been answered in a very timely fashion, and we have been able to order materials that meet our individual needs. the tests are easily administered and the feedback is wonderful, both for our staff and for parents and students. we are pleased to be able to provide our students with a preview of upcoming test formats, as well as score reports to drive instruction and learning."					


joshua l.principal  






						"the services i use are very helpful in giving my students an idea of what to expect with the act. i especially love the item analysis and the other data we get back. this gives us a springboard into act prep for the students and lets us individualize those services based on their act pre-test analysis. i have also gotten very quick and painless trouble shooting services."
					


nicole c.counselor 






						"i always appreciate your top-notch customer service and support.  i work with several book publishers for a range of continuing & professional education courses at depaul, and i can assuredly say that cambridge is the most responsive and quick to troubleshoot should a problem arise."					


kristine e.program manager of professional education 






						"i want to thank you all at cambridge for helping us to make our year as close to normal as possible.  we were concerned that our testing model would be affected by covid restrictions, etc. and we use that fall testing in our counseling program.  thankfully, cambridge came through once again and was a shining example of how to function in weird times."					


dennis m.academic specalist of campus ministry 





 

 














 
















 







facebook
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 



phone-alt
 













(847)-299-2930




customerservice@cambridgeed.com




career opportunities




grant award program














testing & data




meet with my school




external partnerships















cambridge educational services, inc. offers and scores tests from act, inc., the college board, and other testing companies. these are retired tests, intended for practice purposes only and not for official administration, and are based on high school curriculum as of the copyright dates of the tests. cambridge’s products and services, including its score reports, are not approved or endorsed by act, inc., the college board, or the other companies that develop the tests, and cambridge has no affiliation with any of those entities. 















© cambridge educational services 2024 









(847) 299-2930














    








































 


































































