







welcome to michigan spine & pain - michigan spine & pain







































michigan spine & painmt. pleasant, gaylord, & west bloomfield, mi
 

schedule your appointment today
1-800-586-7992
mt. pleasant, mi – 989-772-1609
west bloomfield, mi – 248-851-pain (7246)




menuhomeaboutwhy michigan spine & painour missiontestimonials closephysicians & staffdr. marvin bleibergdr. herman ruizmichael j. barrett, dc, fiamastuart a. firsten, dcamy mcdonald, mspt closereal pain, real solutionsdiagnosisspinal stenosisherniated disc / bulging disc / protruding disccervical / neck paindegenerative disc diseasefibromyalgiaheadacheship painlow back painknee paintreatmentcomprehensive multi specialty pain reliefchiropractic treatmentphysical therapyinterventional proceduresacupuncturecold laser therapyhydrafacialpatient caretechnology closeresources and formslocationswest bloomfieldmt. pleasant closecontact

diagnosis and treatment with your best interests in mind.
welcome to michigan spine & pain
welcome to michigan spine and pain, michigan’s pioneer in pain management, where excellence meets compassionate care!
at michigan spine and pain, we take pride in being the first and only clinic accredited as a comprehensive multidisciplinary pain clinic by the american academy of pain management. additionally, we are honored to be recognized as a spine center of excellence through priority health, showcasing our commitment to delivering top-notch healthcare services.
at michigan spine and pain, we understand the impact that chronic pain can have on your life. that’s why we partner with our patients to alleviate pain and improve functionality swiftly, safely, and effectively. our dedicated team of qualified and compassionate staff ensures that you receive the personalized care you deserve.
our approach is grounded in evidence-based diagnostic and treatment plans, emphasizing a patient-centered methodology. we believe in fostering a collaborative relationship with our patients, ensuring that your unique needs are met throughout your healing journey.
continuous improvement is at the core of our mission. through regular benchmarking and a steadfast commitment to growth, we strive to maintain our position as the regional leader in the field of multidisciplinary pain medicine. your well-being is our priority, and we are dedicated to providing the highest standard of care.
discover a brighter, pain-free future with michigan spine and pain. welcome to a clinic where your journey to relief begins!

getting you back to your active life: that is the philosophy that michigan spine & pain follows. read more.

real people, real relief
getting you back to your active life: that is the philosophy that michigan spine & pain follows. read more.


real relief

spinal stenosis
herniated / bulging / protruding disc
cervical / neck pain
degenerative disc disease
headaches
hip pain
low back pain
knee pain
fibromyalgia
view all


real solutions

pain relief
interventional procedures
chiropractic treatment
physical therapy
acupuncture
patient care
technology
view all


emailfacebooktwitter
locations
mount pleasant, michigan
 2935 health parkway., mt. pleasant, mi 48858
west bloomfield, michigan
 6079 w. maple rd., west bloomfield, mi 48322

 privacy policy


our sister company

copyright © 2025 michigan spine & pain | managed by access technology






 




