


























church of the good shepherd, united church of christ












home


contact us


social media


our location



weekly schedule & events

our team

what we believe

ministries

our giving

spiritual exploration
 




















sunday worship is at 11:00am. worship is offered in-person or on zoom.  if you'd like to join us on zoom, please email churchofthegoodshepherducc@gmail.com. we look forward to seeing you!thanks for visiting our website! it is currently undergoing some construction, so pardon our mess. please reach out with any questions.




















"no matter where you are on life's journey, you are welcome here."












we are a progressive christian church and community.  we believe in a god that is still speaking, a god that is all-loving and inclusive. we are a church that welcomes and accepts everyone as they are, where your mind is nourished as much as your soul. we are a church where jesus the healer meets jesus the revolutionary, and where together we grow a just and peaceful world. 

















    our covenants








global ministries  that all of god’s people and creation share in god’s abundant life.










just peacewe believe god calls us to have a  passion for justice and a commitment to peace.   









open and affirmingwe are an open and affirming congregation, welcoming all to join us, no matter their race, sexual orientation, gender identity, or ethnicity.  







whole earthwe are called to love, care and advocate for the earth.







































sunday services 

11:00 am -  sunday service email churchofthegoodshepherducc@gmail.com for information donations through paypal below














during the week


office online:  please email or call and leave a message.   

 email our office administrator at churchofthegoodshepherducc@gmail.com for information.             

click for our schedule and events








contact information


address:  515 orchard drive                  carbondale, illinois 62901phone: 618-457-2232email:  churchofthegoodshepherducc@gmail.comfollow us on our facebook page (link below)

























social media


cogs facebook feed











ucc daily devotional



































united church of christ © 2016 - ucc.org​














