

















home | acs divched










      skip to main content
    








        acs divched
      




main navigation


about


awards


resources











search


search








 sign in
    



username



password




log in















american chemical society
division of chemical education








contact menu


why join divched?


get involved


contact us


















aboutdivched serves as a means of focusing and enhancing the interests and efforts of all constituencies involved in the teaching and learning of chemistry at every level.



awardsdivched offers a variety of awards for members include travel and recognition.



materialsdivched offers resources such as blogs and webinars along with a variety of other useful materials.














learn about divched's special projects fund 







 
view our strategic plan






 





welcome new members!

the division would like to welcome all new members of acs division of chemical education. many of you may have joined this division to network and become more involved. an easy way to get involved may be joining a committee. to do so, self-nominate yourself for participation in one of our committees. 





news and announcements




spring 2025 acs national meeting - divched event schedule
the division of chemical education will host its spring 2025 committee, board meetings, and social events from march 21–23, 2025 during the spring 2025 acs national meeting in san diego. these events will be held in person, virtually, and in hybrid formats. below is the schedule of meetings and events, along with video conferencing links to join virtually. you will receive zoom details via email once your registration is approved for zoom meetings requiring registration.
please note the divched social reception on march 23, 2025, from 5:30 pm to 7:00 pm at the marriott marquis san diego marina: temecula 1-4. this is a great opportunity to network with fellow divched members and colleagues.
check back closer to the event for updates. for questions, contact heather johnson
*all times listed are pacific daylight time (pdt)




friday, march 21, 2025 

finance committee hybrid, open3:00 pm - 5:00 pmmarriott marquis san diego marina:  lagunazoom link
saturday, march 22, 2025

jce board of publication hybrid, open8:30 am - 12:00 pmmarriott marquis san diego marina:  rancho santa fe 2zoom link
exams institute, board of trustees hybrid, open7:30 am - 12:30 pmmarriott marquis san diego marina:  vistazoom link
program committee hybrid10:00 am - 12:00 pmmarriott marquis san diego marina:  lagunazoom link
international activities committee virtual, open11:00 am - 1:00 pmzoom link
executive committee hybrid1:00 pm - 1:30 pm closed session1:30 pm - 4:00 pm open session4:00 pm - 5:30 pm closed sessionmarriott marquis san diego marina:  san diego: salon azoom link (registration is required)


sunday, march 23, 2025

regional meetings committee virtual, open12:00 pm - 2:00 pmteams link
strategic plan meeting in-person2:00 pm - 4:00 pmmarriott marquis san diego marina:  laguna
early career chemistry education scholars committee virtual, open3:00 pm - 4:30 pmzoom link
divched business meeting hybrid, open4:45 pm - 5:15 pmmarriott marquis san diego marina:  lagunazoom link
divched social reception in-person, open5:30 pm - 7:00 pmmarriott marquis san diego marina:  temecula 1-4 







congratulations to the 2025 national award winners!
congratulations to the following recipients of the 2025 national awards administered by the american chemical society. the recipients will be honored at an award ceremony on tuesday, march 25, 2025, during the acs spring 2025 meeting in san diego. 
acs award for achievement in research for the teaching and learning of chemistry, supported by an endowed fund established by the acs exams institute: christopher f. bauer, university of new hampshire 
george c. pimentel award in chemical education, supported by an endowed fund established by the acs division of chemical education and the board of publications that supports the journal of chemical education and chemed x: peter mahaffy, king’s university in edmonton, alberta
james bryant conant award in high school chemistry teaching, supported by an endowed fund established by the journal of chemical education and chemed x: amiee l. modic, duchesne academy of the sacred heart 
nominations are being accepted for the 2026 national awards through nov. 1, 2024. for more information, visit www.acs.org/nationalawards.



amiee modic elected as the president-elect of aact
 we are thrilled to announce that amiee modic has been elected as the president-elect of the american association of chemistry teachers (aact). we are excited to see the positive impact she will bring to the aact community in this new leadership role.



congratulations to the newly appointed board members!
the divched executive committee met during the fall 2024 acs meeting and elected the following candidates to the board of trustees and board of publication. thank you to all the candidates for accepting these nominations and your willingness to serve these important roles.

board of trustees


matthew miouniversity of detroit 



melissa reevestuskegee university 



board of publication


marcy townspurdue university 



maureen scharber, california state university, east bay 














 
about us
divched serves as a means of focusing and enhancing the interests and efforts of all constituencies involved in the teaching and learning of chemistry at every level.

about


 
awards
divched offers a variety of awards for members include travel and recognition.

awards


 
materials & resources
divched offers resources such as blogs and webinars along with a variety of other useful materials.

materials
















about us




nominations
divched bylaws
strategic plan
operations manual
committees & boards









materials & resources




yces blog
policies & forms
teaching resources
cerc webinar series
other organizations
publications
jobs & employment









meetings & events




national meetings

regional meetings

international meetings

other events











division of chemical education, inc.
500 westover dr #17933
sanford, nc 27330













 

 

 

 




















