



















wings' xp - experience 6 embroidery software 









experience







products
features
support
contact us














 wings' xp 6 released
the new version of the best embroidery software has been released! best  quality!
                                less stitches! easy to use with powerful features. gain time and effort and produce high quality designs.


ask for a quote
learn more


















wings' xp level pro
pro level of experience is the best solution for punching houses and professional digitizers. it is the hiest level and includes all the available options of the software.  this level of program is designed for the company that demands nothing but the best.

learn more








wings' xp level  puncher
puncher level of experience incorporates all the features of operator level and provides even more to increase the digitizing and editing abilities for better and faster digitizing. the features that this level includes will surely satisfy most embroidery designers.

learn more








wings' xp level operator
with operator level of experience you get an embroidery software that can cover many of your embroidery needs and even more. it includes many digitizing and editing tools that allow you to create high quality embroidery designs manually or automatically. 

learn more








wings' xp level pilot
with the pilot level of wings' xp (experience) software you have the ability to convert any true/open type font into satin, zig-zag, step, running or piping text art design. create the text art design you want easily, with the highest embroidery quality.


learn more














learn more





experience 6 - new features





intelligent way to fit patterns automatically 
stippling stitch type
                                
adjust length of stippling stitches
adjust the density
set offset from the outline
add styles on stippling stitches
plus more..


opentype fonts are supported
more than 255 pre-digitized fonts available for satin - piping - zig zag
export design to dropbox
export designs to drawings snap(embroidery mobile app)
software lock
automatic updates
full support for windows 10
many bug fixes and improvements
















frequently asked questions
find answers to most common questions about the software. wings' xp is a professional embroidery software with many settings and parameters to adjust for getting the embroidery results you want. if the answer is not there fill free to contact us directly and we will answer it. 

learn more








compare experience levels
view a levels' comparison that will allow you to decide which one fits your needs. all features are listed per level allowing you to visualize where each feature is included. if more help is needed, contact us directly ore any of our distributors and we will be glad to help you. 

learn more








free embroidery design viewer
supports and saves to old file formats. for newer files you can download my editor! with coatsedv you can view your designs, make simple transformations and save the designs to the embroidery file format you want.                            download coats embroidery design viewer 1.60 for free

                            

learn more













my editor™ free embroidery editor
my editor™ is a free, simple viewing and editing software with some innovative features and functions. it was mainly developed to provide the capability to view and modify supported embroidery files and then re-save any of them in any of the available embroidery file formats.

free download learn more











subscribe to our email list







submit





















share this page!






















products

experience 6
my editor
venere cutting system





features

new features
levels
system requirements
what is in the box
why to buy
faqs
compare levels





support

faqs
training videos
members' area
wish list
contact us
updates





contact us

contact us
links
events
wish list









copyright (c) 2001 - 2025 wings systems ltd. all rights reserved.
                terms of use
|
privacy policy
 




















