






 



home - five brooks ranch

















































































skip to content



open daily!! visit our sister ranch in bodega bay (sonoma county)
facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window


five brooks ranch
horse rentals and boarding

home servicesguided trail rides boarding pony rides  documents contact 



close 
home servicesguided trail rides boarding pony rides  documents contact 








the most beautiful trail rides in point reyes national seashoretrot through forested mountain tops, grassy meadows, coastal scrub and miles of white sand beaches!join us for a ridethe most beautiful trail rides in point reyes national seashoretrot through forested mountain tops, grassy meadows, coastal scrub and miles of white sand beaches!join us for a ridewelcome to five brooks ranchlocated in olema, ca


five brooks is a full service riding stable for the whole family. there are activities for all ages and kinds of buckaroos and buckarettes who wish to enjoy the magnificent point reyes national seashore in the company of their equine pals.
we specialize in providing guided trail rides for park visitors who desire an alternative method to enjoy the scenic splendor of the park.
with over 120 miles of trails that take you from forested mountain tops, grassy meadows, coastal scrub and miles of white sand beaches, the point reyes national seashore is the perfect environment to enjoy horseback riding.


guided trail ridesexplore and enjoy the splendor of the area. 1 - 6 hoursmore infopony ridesgentle horses for children under 6 to enjoymore infoboardinglong-term boarding and short-term boarding is availablemore infochoose your ridehere are some of our most popular rides!beach ridethe ride of your dreams! follow trails to view spectacular alamere falls on the beach.more infoglen trailexperience the breath-taking wilderness of point reyes national seashore!more infofir top trailour most popular ride! climb up to the inverness ridge for spectacular view of olema valleymore infostewart trailfor nature lovers! enjoy a slow-paced ride through our “enchanted forest”.more infosee all of our ridescall for more information 415-663-1570more about usfive brooks ranch offers an array of services for anyone who wants to enjoy the beauty and splendor of the point reyes national seashore park in the company of horses.
there are over 120 miles of trails that take you through forested mountain tops, grassy meadows, coastal scrub and miles of white sand beaches. the point reyes national seashore is the perfect environment to enjoy horseback riding. with professional led guided trail rides, we can help you have the time of your life experiencing the trails of the seashore! from our clients





peter bwent for a 2 hour ride here. beautiful horses, stunning scenery, and our guide jesus was fantastic. first time riding a horse, and i recommend this place. i got to trot, canter, and have the full experience.
blue mthis is my second time to five brooks and won’t be my last. i’m city folk but like exposing my family to nature and new experiences. my group had riders from 8 to 46 with no prior experience (except me who came here 4 years ago) yet we were able to feed the horses, and…
jessie gwe’ve done trail rides in several states and the caribbean and five brooks was among the best ever on all counts. outstanding hospitality allowing us to book last minute, great horses that are clearly well cared for and a fantastic guide. even got to trot 3 or 4 times which my daughter loved as it’s…
ari khad a blast on the one hour horse riding tour! such a great time, can’t wait to come back. our guide t was super fun and very knowledgeable. can’t wait to come back again soon!











contactcall: (415) 663-1570
text: (415) 706-4450address8001 highway one
olema ca 94950find us on:facebook page opens in new windowservices guided trail rides
pony rides
boarding

reviews google reviews
yelp reviews

location 








© five brooks stables 2017-2025. all rights reserved.








go to top

















































