





cod meteorology -- nexlab homepage




























































what does this mean?




home
academics
weather data
cod storm chasing
local weather
faqs









classes & notes


wx lab help


as degree info


4-year met programs


student ams club


media pages







analysis data


satellite and radar


numerical models


text products


experimental text


links







main page


trips and registration


materials


faqs


storm chase tracker


media pages







dupage forecast


dupage radar


il regional radar


il visible satellite


il infrared satellite 


metro surface map


campus weather







general


chasing











cod current conditions



temperature
dewpoint


5°f
-3°f


feels like:
-8°f



             sky: partly cloudy
             wx: none           





wind: wnw at 8 mph








severe t-storm warning: 
 


tornado warning: 
 












college of dupage meteorology program
the college of dupage experience is nothing like any other meteorology
program in the nation. here, you can begin learning real meteorology right
away and have more courses to choose from than anywhere else. whether you are
interested in forecasting, severe weather, or more traditional atmospheric
sciences, cod will allow students of all ages a chance to
delve into how the atmosphere works from the start of their academic
career. students wishing to obtain a four year degree will be able to
transfer to another school as a junior with a wealth of experiences and a
top-quality education. others who wish to learn more about meteorology in
relation to other careers will find the weather offerings at cod challenging
and fascinating.


college of dupage meteorology program


general courses
severe weather
forecasting
climate
ams club
web alert



esas 1110 introduction to meteorology
a first look at various aspects of meteorology, including solar radiation, global circulation, environmental issues, winds, stability, precipitation processes, weather systems, and severe weather. basic physical principles, meteorological terminology, societal impacts, and weather analysis will be explored.
notes and syllabus by paul sirvatka
esas 2110 intermediate meteorology
a quantitative first look at the science of meteorology. physical concepts will be examined using algebraic methods to prepare students for material using higher mathematics. operational, physical, and dynamical meteorology will be discussed to give students an overall understanding of atmospheric science. equations of motion, thermodynamics, and the primitive equations will be among the topics covered.

notes and syllabus by paul sirvatka


esas 1115 severe and unusual weather
in depth study of meteorological phenomena relating to severe thunderstorms, el nino/southern oscillation events, and tropical storms. topics will include severe weather spotting, weather radar, atmospheric soundings, tornadogenesis, el nino, tropical meteorology, hurricanes, and an introduction to numerical weather prediction. basic  physical principles, their relation to weather events, and weather's impact on society will also be explored. 
notes and syllabus by paul sirvatka
esas 2115 mesoscale meteorology
in depth study of meteorological phenomena with short temporal and small spatial scales. topics will include tools for mesoscale analysis, mesoscale modeling, 
thermally-forced circulations, fog, mesoscale winter events, and the morphology of convective systems including squall lines, mesoscale convective systems and supercells 
and their associated threats including flash floods and tornadoes. other topics of current research interest will also be covered.
notes and syllabus by paul sirvatka

esas 2118 severe weather lab
an in-depth study of severe weather forecasting and analysis. an emphasis is placed on hand analysis of raw data, assessing short term numerical weather models, and 
nowcasting. students monitor events prior to and during severe weather events using real time radar and other data sources. students gain a better understanding of severe 
weather initiation and evolution. local field trips to observe severe weather first-hand may be included. may be taken up to two times for credit. prerequisite: earth 
science 1115 with a grade of c or better or consent of instructor.
severe weather lab syllabus and rules: paul sirvatka
thunderstorm laboratory
a field study experience to study thunderstorms in their natural environment. storm chasing combines knowledge and experience. severe weather safety and spotting techniques 
will be explored. 
cod/nexlab storm chasing web page


esas 1116 weather analysis and forecasting i

a study of day-to-day weather patterns with an emphasis on understanding the basics of meteorological processes and forecasting. students read weather reports and weather 
maps needed to analyze current conditions and forecast weather. taking advantage of a fully-operational weather laboratory, students monitor current weather conditions 
locally and across the nation. 
forecasting class notes and syllabi: paul sirvatka 
esas 1117 weather analysis and forecasting ii

a continuation of weather analysis and forecasting i. students continue investigating sources of data, learn to analyze raw images, and interpret numerical weather 
forecasts. taking advantage of a fully-operational weather laboratory, students monitor current weather conditions locally and across the nation. 
forecasting class notes and syllabi: paul sirvatka 
esas 2116 advanced weather analysis and forecasting i

a continuation of weather analysis and forecasting ii. emphasis is on independent analysis of weather events, forecast preparation, and mastery of hand data analysis. 
taking advantage of a fully-operational weather laboratory, students monitor current weather conditions locally and across the nation. 
forecasting class notes and syllabi: paul sirvatka 
esas 2117 advanced weather analysis and forecasting ii

a continuation of advanced weather analysis and forecasting i. students prepare a weekly forecast for the chicago metropolitan area generally and dupage county 
specifically, and track and evaluate their forecasting accuracy. taking advantage of a fully-operational weather laboratory, students monitor current weather conditions 
locally and across the nation. 
forecasting class notes and syllabi: paul sirvatka 


esas 1111 climate and global change

introduction to the earth's climate, climate change, and the interactions between climate and the global environment. physical, chemical, biological, and social factors 
contributing to climate and global change are investigated. topics explored are: climate classifications, global warming and greenhouse effect, acid rain, ozone depletion, 
regional drought, and cataclysmic climate change. man-made climate change as opposed to natural variability, along with human responses to potential climate change are 
debated. 
forecasting class notes and syllabus: paul sirvatka 


 american meteorolgoical society - cod student chapter
          our very own weather club at cod! we hold several meetings throughout the school year that frequently include presentations from professionals within the field. we also organize various activities including social events, field trips, and ways to benefit the the community. all are welcome to participate and join! see our website for details.
cod-ams website 
recent nexlab website information and alerts:








          for up-to-date information about data issues and changes to our website, follow our codwxdata and codmeteorology twitter accounts.
		  if you spot any broken links or products, let us know via our feedback page.
	   












college of dupage weather lab
    copyright 2025  
  
college of dupage nexlab
  425 fawell boulevard
  berg instructional center (bic)
  bic 3501
  glen ellyn, il 60137
  630-942-2590
  


about the weather lab
nexlab staff
terms of use
directions

partners
allisonhouse
chicago nat'l  weather service
dupage office of emergency mgmt
niu - department of earth, atmosphere and environment


college of dupage
admissions & registration
campus map
emergency school closings
public safety
wdcb public radio

donate
storm and disaster relief
become a nexlab donor





