










- richmond harley owners group #1736





































 











skip to content
















homeclub inforide rulesprivacy policyjoin usladies of harley/women riderslinkscalendarcontact us 






search for:













 














did you miss this?



previous
next




























the chapter meets at 9:30 am on the second saturday of the month at richmond harley-davidson, 12200 harley club drive, ashland, va. come early and join us for coffee and doughnuts at our social hour beginning at 8:30 am. come chat with your fellow members or if you are not a member, come find out what we are all about!
guests are welcome!
chapter meetings are on the 2nd saturday of every month. there is no meeting in december. 
the phone number for richmond harley davidson is 804-752-2800
look who has a new ride…



previous
next



























follow:  
richmond hog chapter’s mission is to ride and have fun. we have various rides scheduled through out the year for every skill level and other activities as well. check the calendar frequently as we are adding new rides and other fun activities often.

 









don't miss this 

click here to learn more











 congratulations to the officers elected for 2024
director: pam bunker – director@richmondhog.com
asst director: tom lyon – assistantdirector@richmondhog.com
secretary: beth blankenship – secretary@richmondhog.com
treasurer: – tina sebak tresasurer@richmonhog.com
mileage coordinator: colette gordon – mileage@richmond hog.com
webmaster: david bennett – webmaster@richmondhog.com
membership – cindy jernell – cindy@richmondharley.com

 

 thank you for stepping up and helping out for the 2023 season. appointed officers
activities:  dena crider
editor: donna golding
historian: vacant
lead road captain: vacant
loh: bernadette “felice” lyon
membership: cindy jernell
mileage: colette gordon
photographer: vacant
assistant director : tom lyon
volunteer coordinator: dena crider
webmaster: david bennett
 
 

 









 photographing, filming, recording and videotaping of activities and events may occur at any h.o.g.® event or activity. by attending the h.o.g.® event, you irrevocably grant permission to the harley-davidson motor company and its agents to photograph, film, record and/or videotape you and use (and authorize the use of) your name, image, likeness, voice, and/or biographical or other information in any and all media now known or hereinafter developed in perpetuity for any and all purposes © 2017. all rights reserved. 



 











