














kona coffee club – konacoffee.com








































































 skip to navigation
skip to content

 


search for:

search


 
 
menu
home
the kona coffee store

estate kona
extra fancy kona
peaberry kona
decaf kona
organic kona
green (unroasted)
gift cards
specials
free shipping


about kona coffee

brewing

brewing coffee guide – how to get the most flavor!
how to savor and taste kona coffee
how to make your own french press coffee
kona coffee blends — know what you’re drinking


beans

storage and packaging of your coffee
what is the difference between types of coffee?
decaffeinated kona coffee – the natural decaf
is your coffee pure kona — or a kona coffee blend?
kona k cups – all about the best in kona k cups!


roasting

artisan coffee roasting – creativity in roasting
what is the best coffee roaster for home?


processing

grading kona beans – what do the bean sizes mean
the kona coffee belt is ideal for growing coffee


farming

kona – the perfect growing environment for coffee.
coffee farming in kona, hawaii
coffee harvest season in kona, hawaii
farm tour – taking a kona coffee farm tour
java lovers, beware of the coffee borer beetle!
kona coffee farms in the state of hawaii
learn more about kona coffee family farms!


history

what is the meaning of the name kona?
what makes kona coffee special?
did you know these kona coffee facts?
health benefits of drinking coffee!
the kona coffee cultural festival
englishmen and the discovery of hawaii
the first settlements in hawaii by the polynesians
what do i need to roast coffee at home?
about the hawaii coffee association
the kona coffee council – 100% pure kona




about us

kona coffee club
customer service

shipping
contact us
terms & conditions


secure shopping


account
kona coffee store
information

brewing
beans
roasting


contact us
 



$0.00 0 items



 












kona coffee store

100% kona coffee from the original online kona coffee store...est. 1995

shop now! 

















about us
kona coffee
kona coffee is gourmet coffee grown in the north and south districts of kona, on the island of hawaii. located on the golden kona coast, only a small number of kona coffee farms exist. kama'aina (local) families own most of the local coffee farms and have for generations.  there is a difference in quality of beans between the coffee farms. at konacoffee.com we expend great effort to taste test and source the best crops from local growers to ensure you get the best cup of coffee possible.

















about coffee grades
pure grades
konacoffee.com is your source for the sought-after extra fancy, the top grade (largest and best beans), and the very rare peaberry beans. critics agree that peaberry coffee has a smoother, more chocolaty flavor. peaberry beans are rare representing approximately 3% to 7% of the total crop yield. all our coffees are 100% pure kona beans. we do not sell the thinner kona blends (which may be as little as 10% kona beans). blended coffee comes in disguise, so be careful! konacoffee.com gives you 100% pure kona, 100% of the time.






all our coffees  are 100% pure  kona beans.


smoother, richer  flavour

read all about the kona coffee story, and then go to our coffee store to order your gourmet coffee directly from the first and original online kona coffee store in kona, hawaii. konacoffee.com.
learn more 




kona coffee reviews
our customer reviews








william b. - verified customer
yes, you pay a premium price for kona coffee but once i tried it i understand why. the first thing i noticed was how pretty and consistent the beans were. i never seen that in any beans i bought before. then the taste is also something i never expirenced before in any coffee. bold yet smooth. love it and a kona coffee drinker for life. 



tina a. - verified customer
i am absolutely hooked on the extra fancy private reserve dark roast. it’s bold yet smooth. i owned a coffee house for years and had the opportunity to experience many different coffees. this one is far and above the best!



terri g. - verified customer
the best kona coffee ever. the family is amazing and helpful. we have been buying from ther for at least 5 years and will continue. if you want great kona coffee, great customer service and fast delivery you are on the right site. mahalo















shop kona coffee and  get free shipping now!

we source our coffee directly from local farms, roast it fresh and ship fast and directly to you. konacoffee.com  is the most trusted seller of gourmet quality coffee in kona hawaii. as a local family owned and operated business,  you can trust you're getting real kona.


learn more

if you have any questions about purchasing 100% kona coffee email us or call for more information









  shipping & returns           privacy policy          terms & conditions          contact us         
© konacoffee.com 1995 - 2024
powered by 100% pure kona coffee 
		
	



my account 

search 

search for:

search


 


cart				0







 















