


poole training center - home

































poole training center






	contact us!


















				home
			



				about us
			



				contact us
			





			directions
		





			forms
		







				faqs
			



				for sale
			





			espontanero & notable
		





			exitazo
		





			graciela iii
		





			caliza iii
		





			la temporada
		





			lluviana r aka piper
		





			horse associations and registries
		







				stallions
			





			temerario x (retired)
		>






			temerario x offspring
		








			stallion tribute & reference
		>






			daen 286
		>






			daen 286 offspring
		








			marten
		>






			marten offspring
		













				training
			





			blanchard poole - senior trainer
		





			katelin dukes assistant trainer
		





			showing
		





			driving
		







				lessons
			





			debbie poole
		





			katelin dukes riding instructor
		





			regal daencer (reggie)
		





			dionisio "dennis, the ultimate gentleman"
		





			koweta galaxsea "sea"
		







				boarding
			



				ptc's favorite things
			





			ptc's favorite gifts
		





			ptc's favorite riding things
		





			ptc's favorite grooming & care supplies
		





			ptc's favorite tack and equipment
		





			ptc's favorite office things
		





			equestrians need care too
		





			blanchard's favorite things
		





			ptc's favorite barn cleaning
		





			ptc's favorite fun things
		





			ptc's favorite books
		














at poole training center we offertraining for all breeds and types of horsesin western, english, dressage, driving, basic handling, and so much more! for show or pleasurelessons for people in all types of riding and drivingtraining lessons to help you with your own horseboarding for your horseantler tack & equipment blessed with his creation; entrusted with his creatures

full service horse centerby people who care200 acres of trails for training and lessons2 completely enclosed arenas (weather is never a problem)training for the public since 1964 with national championship wins in driving, western, hunt seat, saddle seat & halter






today's highlight
 






 



if you are gonna be at the barn with or around the horses you gotta... sleep!
thursday, june 29th, 2023

it's rare that any of the ptc barn peeps have trouble sleeping because​let's be honest they bust their bootays around here. but once in awhile after a long day especially after a particularly exciting day it's hard tosettle yourbody and mind and get to sleep. in those moment bp has a "favorite thing" (check out all of our favorite things) to handle settling the mind and body and i know you have probably heard of it and/or used it.but just in case you haven't...melatonin. it has several great benefits and it is way better than all of those nightime meds that are all basically just benadryl. believe me they are all benadryl with a different label andprice slapped on them. anyhoo. you need your rest so that you can ride your horse, take care of your horse and work to pay for your horse! what is it they say? put on your own oxygen mask before you can put on someoneelse's? so...if you need it, grab  some melatonin and if you get it on amazon it comes right to you and you don't even have to stop and deal with people or walmart or registers. yay! bonus!







visitors welcome; appointments appreciated  ​803-568-3158monday through saturday9:00 - 12:001:00 - 5:00closed on sundaysplanning a visit?our physical address is1032 sharon church roadswansea, sc 29160.please note, many times gps, mapquest and other apps will try to bring you to us on dirt roads.  to ensure this doesn't happen check out the detailed directions here. 

blessed with his creation; entrusted with his creatures             visitors welcome; appointments appreciated             no appointments on wednesdays or sundays             closed to the public on sundays











 

 



c web hosting by hostmonster









