 allestate               skip to contentterms & conditionshomeabout usexplore servicesconsulting servicestenant owner representationasset managementbusiness centre servicesreal estate appraisalsreal estate marketing & advertisingreal estate investmentlegal advisorynri proerty protectionreal estate financingmortgage loansfinancing solutionsproperty investment financingproperty improvement serviceshome renovation & remodeling serviceslandscaping & outdoor improvementsinterior design servicesexplore propertiesresidential propertiescommercial propertiesindustrial propertiescontact usinquiretoggle website search


homeabout usexplore servicesconsulting servicestenant owner representationasset managementbusiness centre servicesreal estate appraisalsreal estate marketing & advertisingreal estate investmentlegal advisorynri proerty protectionreal estate financingmortgage loansfinancing solutionsproperty investment financingproperty improvement serviceshome renovation & remodeling serviceslandscaping & outdoor improvementsinterior design servicesexplore propertiesresidential propertiescommercial propertiesindustrial propertiescontact usinquiretoggle website searchterms & conditions


 allestateyour click to realtya rera registered entity with 38 years of real estate experience.


get started

subscribe to our email newsletter!please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.your email *namesubscribehow can we help you today?display & search properties by category, city or area

 sell your property

 buy a property

 rent a property  why us?
looking for your dream space in mumbai? look no further than allestate because….

 

local expertise						
experienced professionals with deep understanding of mumbai's real estate landscape. we're not just agents; we're your local guides.

 

personalised service						
your real estate journey is unique, and so is our approach. we listen to your goals and work tirelessly to exceed your expectations.

 

market insights						
stay ahead of the curve with our market insights, trends, and data-driven analysis. we empower you to make well-informed decisions.

 

wide property portfolio						
explore a diverse range of residential and commercial properties across mumbai's most sought-after neighbourhoods.

 

integrity and transparency						
trust is the cornerstone of our business. we operate with integrity and transparency to ensure your peace of mind and foster long term relationships.our exclusive holding at nariman pointcommercial space of 6150 sqft available on lease at maker chamber iii, nariman point.

 

property dimensions:						
useable area: 6150 sqft

 

amenities						
highly maintained elevators & modern fire systems
24 hrs security surveillance
aesthetic lobby 
top corporates as neighboursaccess to a spacious rooftop terrace for get togethers

 

property highlights:						
- 2 car parking space
- 66 work stations 
- 4 cabins 
- 2 conference rooms 
- 4 washrooms
- 2 pantries
- cctv surveillance room
- exquisite artworks adding a unique charm to - the workplacewhy choose this space?our commercial space in nariman point is more than just a location; it's a strategic move for your business.


read more

why choose this space?our commercial space in nariman point is more than just a location; it's a strategic move for your business.


read more

our latest propertieslist your latest properties or buy, sell or rent as you wishallcommerciallandresidential  backflat  backisland  backofficehotelcommercial, officesemi furnished office space of 715 sq ft available on lease at nariman pointdiscover the epitome of sophistication and convenience with this semi-furnished…commercial, officeoffice for sale : maker chambers 3 , nariman pointprime office space located at maker chambers 3 in the…commercial, officesunrise tower inventories1st floor 4500 sqft carpet approx 7200 sqft buildup current…📌4500 sqft carpet approxload moreend of content.
villa with panoramic view₹ 5,50,00,000beautiful, full house party villa near the beach with a great view and…
office with full setup₹ 10,50,00,000workoholic 7th floor office with a lift in a building with full setup and …
house with furniture₹ 50,00,000beautiful, updated, ground level co-op apartment in the desirable bay terrace neighborhood …
755 300transactions
17 620satisfied customers
790agencies
1 528 715sales & rentsnews and blog

maximize your home’s potential with these property selling tips
before you start on the journey to market and sell your residential property, it's essential to be mindful of factors that may impact the success of your home sale. several pre-selling considerations from understanding the real estate market trends for selling price determination to enhancing your property’s appeal, all add…
continue reading »

roadmap to planning a successful real estate investment journey
mr. shreepad nayak, a borivalli based real estate consultant, sheds light on the importance of strategic real estate investment. the diligently compiled tips by mr. nayak offer valuable guidance to real estate investors and assist them in decision-making. if you are considering investing in real estate, these five property purchase…
continue reading »

mumbai’s commercial hotspot bkc soars: td bank’s lease reshapes mumbai’s real estate market
today, the mumbai office property market, notably in the bandra-kurla complex (bkc) business district, witnessed a toronto based bank extending its lease at maker maxity. known as the toronto-dominion bank, the financial institution has set a new standard for lease rates at an impressive rate of rs 604 per square…
continue reading »

gst implementation on landlords’ electricity costs: a new directive
with its vibrant culture, thriving job market, and diverse lifestyle offerings, mumbai has long been a magnet for ambitious individuals making it a hot spot for real estate investments. for young professionals looking to make mumbai their home and invest in real estate, choosing the right neighborhood is crucial. in…
continue reading »

navigating mumbai’s real estate: top neighborhoods for young professionals and job seekers
with its vibrant culture, thriving job market, and diverse lifestyle offerings, mumbai has long been a magnet for ambitious individuals making it a hot spot for real estate investments. for young professionals looking to make mumbai their home and invest in real estate, choosing the right neighborhood is crucial. in…
continue reading »

a comprehensive guide for first time home buyers
although purchasing your first home is an important life milestone, it can also be difficult and stressful. although it requires a significant financial outlay, it might be a wise investment in the future. finding the ideal house that meets your needs and budget, navigating the housing market, and comprehending the…
continue reading »contact infoto learn more about our available commercial properties in nariman point or to schedule a viewing, please contact us ataddress:901, maker chamber v, nariman point, mumbai 400021, maharashtra, india.phone:+919619294140opens in your applicationemail:info@allstate.inopens in your applicationwebsite:allestate.co.inrecent posts


maximize your home’s potential with these property selling tipsjanuary 24, 2024/0 comments


roadmap to planning a successful real estate investment journeyjanuary 24, 2024/0 comments


mumbai’s commercial hotspot bkc soars: td bank’s lease reshapes mumbai’s real estate marketdecember 12, 2023/0 commentsinterested in our services?
contact usabout uscontact usterms & conditions
© copyright 2024 - allesate, designed and developed by  creo elements llp 
product enquiry



send!
×                 we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok
 




