























vegetables | rupp seeds













this site requires the use of javascript
please check your browser settings to ensure javascript is enabled.











 1-800-700-1199









 1-800-700-1199


login






home


products


about us


news


contact us








products



pages



































grow high quality and flavorful sweet corn

                        maximize the full potential of your sweet corn production.
                        
                          get the guide
                        









grow great pumpkins

                        your guide from product selection through harvest.
                        
                          get the guide
                        









grower preferred

                        proven all-star varieties that practically guarantee success!
                        
                          grow your own all-stars
                        









sweet corn

                        more than 100 varieties available!
                        
                          view our sweet corn
                        













featured products









pumpkins: garnet gold
beautiful, round fruit have heavy ribbing, strong handles and a uniform shape. trialed as rpx 6209.










tomatoes: lemon boy plus
boy oh boy this is a great tomato! lemon boy plus has all the best qualities of the original lemon boy, plus added flavor and...










sweet corn: cosmic
this large eared variety will provide ample sweet corn. cosmic has multigenic rust resistance, and strong tolerance to northern...










lettuce: harmony
produces remarkably uniform, glossy, very dark green heads. its large size and good weight ensures a good packout. leaves have...











catalogs












download a pdf version or request a printed version of our current vegetable catalog on the catalogs page.


catalogs










about rupp seeds








our roots as a company began on a diverse family farm owned by grandpa sylvan and grandma pearl rupp. with the help of their seven children, they produced corn, beans, popcorn and strawberries along with cattle and hogs, which was pretty typical of the traditional family farm in the mid-1900s.
grandpa sylvan’s interest in farming was clearly demonstrated in one of our family heirlooms he created during grade school—a book of detailed, hand-drawn sketches of plants he found on the farm. this interest led him to start the “sylvan l. rupp seed farm” in 1946, which began by selling hybrid corn seed, along with producing and marketing public soybean, wheat and oat varieties to area farmers.


learn more about rupp seeds













more


home


products


about us


news


contact us






 stay in touch
want to stay informed on the latest news and happenings from rupp seeds?
click on the button below to subscribe to receive periodic emails about our vegetable products, services, promotions, special offers, newsletters, and events delivered conveniently in your email inbox.
subscribe




contact us

                                            rupp seeds, inc.
                                            17919 county road b
                                            wauseon, oh 43567
 1-800-700-1199



follow us


















©  rupp seeds, inc. all rights reserved.


 privacy policy | terms of use











