


fueltech servicing







   


    
  


    






servicing 



 diagnostics
            from the people who specialise in providing the automotive trade with 
            diagnostic support & training, your vehicle is in good hands. 
            we guarantee our diagnostic ability - if we're wrong, we'll rip up 
            the bill. we don't guess and we certainly don't throw parts at a problem. 
            



manufacturer servicing
            the modern motor vehicle is considerably more fuel efficient and more 
            complex than ever. we use manufacturer service standards as our starting 
            point. every vehicle gets the time and attention to detail demanded 
            from our senior technicians. we check the onboard computer system 
            for performance and fuel efficiency at every service. you don't want 
            any surprises! 



new car warranty
            when fueltech automotive service your new car, your manufacturer warranty 
            stays intact. we use manufacturer service standards as our base. when 
            you entrust your vehicle to us, we treat you like we'd like to be 
            treated ourselves. that means no horrendous bill, no comebacks, no 
            shortcuts, and no taiwanese parts. 

4wd servicing
            while others treat the modern 4wd just like a "big" car, 
            we know the particular requirements of the 4wd, because we've owned 
            them for years ourselves. we know how important fuel economy and torque 
            is, that they need their suspension thoroughly inspected every service, 
            and automatics, transfer cases and diffs rely on clean, fresh oil. 
            we know you wouldn't appreciate being stranded in the bush because 
            someone thought "she'd be right". 
 

tune-ups
            we have a very simple philosophy: "if it doesn't go any better 
            from when it came in, then it's not a tune-up." a set of spark 
            plugs & a can of "stuff" in the tank is not a tune-up. 
            at fueltech automotive you will feel the difference - guaranteed - 
            or your money back. 

enhancements
            we love working on cars and because we play with them a lot, we've 
            found a lot of little tricks along the way to get the best out of 
            your car. here are a few recent examples: 
            
 a full dis ignition and sequential injection system on a ferrari 
                gt4 with haltech. 
an improved exhaust/extractor package on a gen.3 vy commodore. 
a "breathed on" vs statesman v8 - crisper, nice engine 
                note, plus 20kw. 
enhanced vt brake kit onto vl commodore turbo - (big improvement). 
haltech e11 onto subaru wrx - better than standard. 
hand made mandrill bent exhaust system on vs v8 commodore (done 
                lots). 
haltech e6gm onto holden jackaroo v6 - better fuel economy & 
                response. 







  home |  turbo accessories 
          | haltech | contact fueltech





