





home - chamounix equestrian center - work to ride



































































 



skip to content









philadelphia, pa  |  call us today! (215)-877-4419 

facebookinstagramemailyoutube 














  


search for:








media + newsprogramswork to ridepolo lessonsriding lessons at chestnut hill locationsummer camp at chestnut hill locationdiscovery days & after-school partnershipshorse boarding/leasingvolunteercontactdonatecapital campaign 














homereelfiredesign2025-01-30t21:37:49+00:00 

 


empowering youth through horsemanship,  equine sports, and education programs. discover morecheck out our progress

we did it! mccausland arena is set to open in early summer 2025!




 chamounix equestrian center chamounix stables is home to the nationally recognized work to ride program. founded in 1994, work to ride (wtr) is a 501 c3, nonprofit community-based prevention program that aids under-resourced urban youth through constructive activities centered on horsemanship, equine sports and education.
in addition to the work to ride program we also engage the community at large through various equestrian programs. we also offer horseback riding lessons, summer camp, discovery days, and our polo program.
work to ride program
work to ride programs and activities are designed to explore new ways of engaging youth in significant educational, social and cultural experiences that are otherwise unavailable. the youth build relationships and develop problem-solving skills through spirited teamwork and cooperation.
read moredonate to work to ride
work to ride is the only program of its kind in the u.s., providing underserved philadelphia youth with free, full-access equestrian experiences. your donation helps us continue this life-changing work—whether by supporting our building fund, funding summer camp scholarships, or empowering our riders year-round. every contribution makes a difference. donate today!
read morehorse riding lessons
chamounix equestrian program offers public riding lessons for both adults and children from april through december. lessons are held rain or shine.
read moresummer camp
we offer nine, one week camps for horse loving kids from the ages to 7 to 13. daily activities include equine education, fun and a great foundation in horseback riding and care. campers learn about safety, teamwork, responsibility, animal husbandry, barn management, and animal behavior.
read morejoin us inforging life-long change.founded in 1994, work to ride (wtr) is a 501 c3, nonprofit community-based prevention program that aids under-resourced urban youth through constructive activities centered on horsemanship, equine sports and education. the program is housed at chamounix stables located in fairmount park, philadelphia.
work to ride has achieved national recognition, including hbo real sports and featured in sports illustrated and various other regional, national and international media outlets.
wtr applicationvolunteer formreal changestories of hope.my name is kareem rosser, and i am a graduate of the work to ride program. i grew up in west philadelphia, in a neighborhood known as “the bottom”, where going to jail or getting shot is just as likely for young men as high school graduation.  one day while riding bicycles in fairmount park, my older brothers stumbled upon a run-down barn with horses. that day they met work to ride’s founder, lezlie hiner, who had spotted the boys and told them if they stayed in school, she would teach them how to ride. when i found out where my brothers had been going after school, i begged them to take me along! it was 2000 and…
continue reading×kareem rosser
​​my name is kareem rosser, and i am a graduate of the work to ride program. i grew up in west philadelphia, in a neighborhood known as “the bottom”, where going to jail or getting shot is just as likely for young men as high school graduation.  one day while riding bicycles in fairmount park, my older brothers stumbled upon a run-down barn with horses. that day they met work to ride’s founder, lezlie hiner, who had spotted the boys and told them if they stayed in school, she would teach them how to ride. when i found out where my brothers had been going after school, i begged them to take me along! it was 2000 and i was 8 years old when i joined the work to ride program.
in 2011, i captained the work to ride polo team, which was the first-ever all african american team to win the national interscholastic polo championship. in 2015, i led my colorado state university polo team to the national intercollegiate polo championship and was named the intercollegiate polo player of the year. in 2016, i graduated from colorado state university with a degree in economics.
through work to ride, i was provided with educational and equestrian opportunities i would not have had otherwise as a kid growing up in west philadelphia. today, i reside in philadelphia and work in finance. i currently serve on the executive committee of work to ride’s board of directors. my hope is to expand the program so it allows more at-risk youth the opportunities that i was given.
together, we can make a difference.changing lives, one rider at a time.donatedonateall manners of support benefit the wtr program, whether its stomping divots at the philadelphia polo classic, contributing to our building fund, or supporting a child at summer camp will all help positively impact the lives of philadelphia urban youth.
learn morevolunteervolunteerhelp is appreciated at all levels for anyone over the age of 14. many volunteers start off helping the staff with barn chores, and advance to feeding, grooming, leading and eventually assisting instructors with lessons.
learn morecapital campaigncapital campaignin 2019 work to ride leadership embarked on a capital campaign to expand and improve work to ride facilities and resources to extend the reach of program services to additional youth and the community at large.
learn morethere’s never been
a time in our historyquite like this one.in 2019 work to ride embarked upon a facility capital campaign to raise the funding to expand it’s youth programming. facility improvements include renovations to the existing stables, the chamounix equestrian center, and a new indoor equestrian arena.
march 5, 2020: huge polo arena coming to fairmount park in expansion of work to ride program; “the new arena will be 45,000 square feet and, according to a presentation made to the philadelphia art commission, will require no city or state funding.” — source: whyy, pbs philadelphia
discover moredonate to our cause!let’s connect!





time is running out to help the kids

#givingtuesd
 





as a community, we’ve already raised $4,298! you
 





this #givingtuesday, can you help the kids at work
 





in a city where safe spaces are rare, too many kid


 





#poloarena #worktoride #polo #arenapolo #philadelp
 





@untpolo vs @cornell_polo  4th chukker at fields t
 





@untpolo vs @cornell_polo  3rd chukker @oxleyarena
 





@untpolo  vs @cornell_polo  2nd chukker at the fie
 





instagram post 18050303986997529
 





you are making dreams come true for the kids!!!

t
 





on november 15th, we celebrated an incredible mile


 





happy halloween! 🎃

we’re all set for some fu


 


 





 follow on instagram










 
 
work to ride

chamounix equestrian center  98 chamounix drive  philadelphia, pa, usa 19131
phone: (215)-877-4419
email: wtr@worktoride.net
web: 
											donate today to support work to ride program									

discover work to ridemedia + news
programs

work to ride
polo lessons
riding lessons at chestnut hill location
summer camp at chestnut hill location
discovery days & after-school partnerships
horse boarding/leasing


volunteer
contact
donate
capital campaign
hours
monday-friday 9:00am-5pm
saturday-sunday office hours by appointment

get social







privacy policy

work to ride is a registered not for profit organization in pa. ein 23 2717148



 
 



page load link






















go to top




