  the lawful path - welcome      
the lawful path 
                                
                                
                           http://www.lawfulpath.com
 
               
               
               
               
             narrow is the path to the truth
 

    home   reading-room   catalog   springboard   forum   contact    




startpage 



search





















          the lawful path
         






          web
         












     established a.d. 1996welcome to the lawful paththis site is dedicated to study of the true law, and a return to lawful government. we pray that you will enjoy your visit, and maybe find some help if you're in need.  it is our hope that the information found here will awaken and instruct all who enter.may the one true god bless you, and keep you on the lawful path.how to get help with your legal problem
if you have a legal problem, please use this link.

editor's corner
christian dispute resolution
if you've poked around in our reading room you may have had a chance to explore the christ county vault.  this is an archive of some of the work and related documents generated by a (now defunct) christian jural society which went by the name christ county, kingdom of god.

i was involved with that project.  when christ county was abandoned, roughly sixteen years ago, i established the vault in hopes others might pick up the work where we left off.  i've gotten feedback over the years showing this is a topic of interest for many readers but, so far, if anyone has really used the info much they haven't told me about it.

one of the issues of christ county with which i was heavily involved, and the one which i thought might hold the most promise, was the creation of the court rules.

more people than ever before, no longer think it is an extreme position to believe that the united states government, and its corporate subsidiaries, have become a criminal syndicate rather than a legitimate government.

the court rules were created to give christians an alternative to going into the courts of the unbelievers (1cor:6).

true, it is not always possible to stay out of their courts, particularly if one is dragged into them in chains.  but what of the myriad civil lawsuits brought by brother against brother?  many of these are avoidable.

for a short time christ county had a functioning court system, complete with rules, a clerk, and at least four judges (which provided a tribunal for oversight).  the court allowed members who had signed the christ county compact to claim conflict of law in regard to both civil and criminal matters brought against them in foreign (u.s.) courts.  

christ county collapsed before most of these principles could be tested to their full extent.  however, the court did facilitate both mediation and arbitration for its members.  i believe this is a valuable and much needed service for which most christians have nowhere to turn.

i have no intention of establishing another original-jurisdiction-court.  this would require starting up another jural society, and i'm not up to it. it's a lot of work; it's dangerous, and i'm not in a position to put forth the level of in your face required to make a go of it.  i make no apologies.

however, i have begun to consider the possibility of offering the service of private christian dispute resolution through the lawful path. 

what are the basics?
read more...

zika virus - what they are not telling you
by kathy j. forti, jan. 28, 2016

the recent outbreak of zika virus in brazil is now being linked to genetically modified mosquitoes developed by the british biotech company oxitec, which is funded by the bill and melinda gates foundation.

oxitec has been releasing the genetically modified aedes mosquitoes into the wild in brazil since 2011 to battle dengue fever (http://www.activistpost.com/2016/01/zika-outbreak-epicenter-in-same-area-where-gm-mosquitoes-were-released-in-2015.html). the company produces up two million genetically modified mosquitoes a week in its factory in campinas, brazil.

the aedes aegypti mosquito is the world's most dominant variety of mosquito, and the only two countries in the americas that don't have this mosquito are chile and canada. the zika virus, which has been detected in 18 of the 26 states in brazil, is transmitted by the aedes mosquito.

over 4,000 babies have now been born in brazil with shrunken brains since november 1, 2015. brazil normally gets approximately 150 cases of this type of birth defect each year, which means abnormal births of this type have increased by approximately 13,000 percent. (new reports from nbc news state these counts have been exaggerated and are far less.)

while the brazilian government rushes to blame the zika virus for this huge rise in abnormal birth defects, causation remains unclear. only a small number of babies with birth defects, who died, had the virus in their brain or in the mother's placenta. this means a large number of the babies who died had no zika virus in their brain. hard to blame zika then, which has been around since before 1948 and has never been known to cause birth defects and/or death. in fact, zika makes only one in five people get "mildly" sick with flu-like symptoms, with no symptoms at all in 4 out of 5 people. so why are they quick to blame a generally benign zika virus?

in late 2014, the brazilian minister of health announced that a new tdap shot would be mandatory for alltdap-ryan-gossling-meme expectant mothers starting in 2015. since it's mandatory, mothers with birth defect babies received this newly formulated vaccine while pregnant. the timeliness of the tdap vaccine and the sudden rise in birth defects is more than just a little coincidental. the consequences of this untested vaccine is being swept under the rug. which brings us once again to bill gates (founder and ex-ceo of microsoft), the king of eugenics and vaccines.

(read more...)

more lawful path readers using linux
i have this neat little program that analyzes server logs.  it compiles various statitics, builds graphs, and tells me things i would never otherwise know if all i could do is look at hundreds of thousands of lines of computer-generated text. while i was looking at server statistics today, and comparing them with prior years (a geeky thing to do, i know), i noticed something interesting i'd like to share with you.

as regular readers are aware, for many years i've been promoting the use of the linux operating system, as a better choice than microsoft windows.  apparently, a lot of you are paying attention.




as you can see from the chart, between february 2014 and february 2016, the percentage of lawful path readers who use windows has declined by 16.3%.  at the same time, the percentage of our readers who use linux has increased by 11.2%.

macintosh use is also on the rise, although with not as large a gain (6.1%) as linux.

if my articles have been useful to you, then please know i'm happy to have been of help.  if you're new here and wondering what this linux thing is all about, here are some links for you to visit and read:


make your computer easier, faster and smarter, for free, by gregory allan
linux isn't scary any more (forum)
switch to linux (linux voice magazine)

as of this writing, my favorite distro is kubuntu 14.04.  you can download it here.  i'm using version 14.04 because it offers long term support, meaning i will get security updates without having to install a new version every six months.

there are two versions available for download: 32 bit and 64 bit.  as a general rule of thumb, if your computer has 4gb or less of ram memory, use the 32 bit.  otherwise, go with 64 bit.


gregory allan, editor


the latest:
note: these days, most updates appear in the forum, which enjoys lively participation. the most recent additions to the reading room, and other items of note are listed below:



(09/22) added seven lies of zoning pamphlet-handout to the reading room.









"how to survive hospital costs without insurance"
free report!


slash existing medical costs by 75% or more, legally!

learn the 3 secret phrases that make collection agents hang up on you, and never call back.

keep your whole family safe from bankruptcy due to unexpected healthcare costs.

never buy insurance!  enjoy security through knowledge, instead.

free manual teaches simple procedures anyone can master.

completely updated with the latest information.

new: private online forum provides help and feedback.  access granted upon purchase of full report.



free evaluation copy
purchase the full report for only $49.95
buy it now



these three statements tell you a lot about our governments and our culture:


we are advised to not judge all muslims by the actions of a few lunatics, but we are encouraged to judge all gun owners by the actions of a few lunatics.  funny how that works.


we constantly hear about how social security is going to run out of money. how come we never hear about welfare running out of money?  what's interesting is the first group "worked for" their money, but the second didn't.


the food stamp program, administered by the u.s. department of agriculture, is proud to be distributing this year the greatest amount of free meals and food stamps ever --- to 47 million people, as of the most recent figures available in 2013. meanwhile, the national park service, administered by the u.s. department of the interior, asks us "please do not feed the animals."  the stated reason for this policy is because "the animals will grow dependent on handouts and will not learn to take care of themselves."


thus ends today's lesson on irony
are you free?free. not subject to legal constraint of another. (black's law dictionary, sixth edition) demand a plandemand a plan - update
credits
the lawful path wishes to give thanks and acknowledgment to those who have contributed to this web site.


gregory allan, for hosting and this site, and for many of the endless updates. gregory is an avid student of the law, a two-time participant in right way's frontline master program, and the former chairman of christ county, kingdom of god.

netone communications, for the many years they hosted this site.  although we no longer use them for hosting, we still want to credit them for their backbone under fire, when pressured to shut us down.  good people, and great value.

the staff of right way l.a.w. (now defunct), for helping to open our eyes, and working with us to distribute their materials (while they lasted).


and mostly, thanks go to our visitors and other contributors, who have, in many ways, made this site a friendly and educational place to visit.

thank you for your continued support.


about the lawful path    (isaiah 33:22) for the lord is our judge, the lord is our lawgiver, the lord is our king; he will save us.the lawful path     -     http://lawfulpath.comcopyright 1996, 2014, by gregory allan; all rights reserved.