



mohave instrument co., surveying instrument sales, rentals, and repairs


































































total stations...gps..edm..transits..theodolites..automatic levels..construction lasers..used surveying instruments..survey instrument repair..laser repair..survey supplies


















alphabetical index 
of all products included on the mohave website!













click here for our wide variety of used instruments !!
 spring clearance select topcon lasers!!!!!!
find us on ebay as "scottroach"!
trade-ins welcome, financing available!

for best results...view with chrome or firefox.













updated: february 17th, 2025












new stuff:

leica digital utility locators, dd120 and dd300, and dx connect field software
mohave rentals....page updated at last!
david white lt8-300p and lt8-300ltu, level-transit and line transfer unit
prisms, prism poles, and bipods from seco, sokkia, and sitepro
felt tip markers and lumber crayons, dixon and ideal
brunton professional pocket transits, page updated and modernized. still best quality and made in america!
aervoe inverted marking paint for surveying and construction, page updated, and ribbon flagging from tuff industries
construction laser index revised and updated
spectra precision hv lasers...page upgraded and new products (hv1305c and hv 1305gc) added
calclated industries page updated, specialty calculators for construction and more!
topcon 3d laser scanners, gls-2000 and gls-2200, and magnet collage software
lufkin tapes...newly expanded and updated page.
geomax zoom 95 fully robotic total station
stonex robotic total stations and convenient onepole solution total station/gps packages
keson measuring wheels and pocket rods!
survey pro data collectors for your legacy and other instruments.
david white automatic levels from sitepro, al8-26 and al8-32
topcon/sokkia fc6000/shc6000 field controllers
magnet software suite, the best choice for your sokkia and topcon hardware
alvin professional scales, templates and drafting supplies
total station instrument accessories including batteries, chargers, prisms, and more!
topcon automatic levels for the contractor and engineer
topcon total stations, manual, reflectorless gm-50 and gm-100
topcon electronic theodolites, standard and laser models!
mohave traverse and backsight kit...convenient and affordable!
3d scanners and software from stonex!
sokkia automatic levels page updated...b20, b30, and b40.
spectra precision machine control receivers (lr series, cr600 and cr700.
spectra advanced grade lasers for machine control: gl600 and gl700 series
spectra fully automatic grade lasers, gl412n and the new gl1425c
optical tooling  index..new quick guide to our optical tooling inventory!
spectra precision construction lasers (ll500, zll100n, snd ll300n)
leica rugby 600 series construction lasers...sublime simplicity!!
geomax zone 60dg dual grade laser...it's actually the leica rugby 880 inside...

							stonex stt402l 2" electronic theodolite, affordable and accurate!
stonex data collection....tablets and cube-a software
topcon general construction  lasers, rl-h4a and rl-h4b
topcon grade lasers and machine control receivers; page updated!
safety/survey vests, from seco 
site pro sokkia-style automatic levels...excellent affordable quality!
spectra precision laser receivers...new page!
leica laser receiver  page updated!
level rod page (story poles) updated!
mohave tripod page finally updated!
leica lino line and pointer lasers!
disto laser measuring tool from leica geosystems....the leader. finally updated, years in the making! includes new d5 and x6.
manuals for discontinued surveying instruments and lasers, more added 2/14










about us / nikon total stations & edm / sokkia total stations / nikon theodolites & levels / sokkia theodolites / sokkia levels / leica total stations / rentals / repairs / lasers / supplies & accessories / used equipment / resource links / sales specials and new arrivals / tripods and rods / product index / wallpaper








mohave instrument co. 












3206 east willow street
signal hill, ca. 90755 
562-426-1306
mohave@prodigy.net













design copyright 2004 to 2025 by kim s. lenz




























