 home - roebuck landscaping  
   

roebuck landscaping

give us a call
864.576.0875










homeour storyour serviceslandscape maintenancelandscape constructionour nurseryour workour people

join our team


contact us






 since 1980
your trusted partner for quality landscaping solutions
commercial landscape maintenance & construction | south carolina’s largest wholesale nursery
about us
welcome to roebuck landscaping
leader in commercial landscaping services
since 1980
our reputation for excellence and integrity sets us apart. since our inception in 1980, we have evolved from roebuck greenhouses to a leader in landscaping and maintenance services. with a commitment to quality, we ensure that our clients receive unparalleled service and support.
“people build the business!”
josh mcmillan
- president & ceo

read more
beforeafter
our history
founded in 1980, roebuck landscaping began as a small operation and grew exponentially during the mid-'90s, particularly due to the opportunities presented by the 1996 olympics in atlanta. this pivotal moment propelled us into the irrigation and contracting business, allowing us to expand our service offerings and expertise. today, we pride ourselves on our strong reputation built on years of consistent service and quality.
with our roots deeply embedded in the community, we have continued to grow, bringing in experienced industry professionals like paul, our vp of sales and marketing, who has over 25 years of experience as a general contractor, and josh, our president and coo, who started as a crew member and rose through the ranks to lead our team. under their leadership, along with nicholas, our director of hr, we are committed to maintaining a workplace culture that prioritizes safety, respect, and dedication to relationships.

our story

our customers
our commitment
roebuck landscaping aspires to be the most trusted landscape service provider in the region, consistently delivering value-driven excellence and enhancing the natural beauty of every landscape we touch.
our services
what we offer
landscape maintenanceour expert team delivers tailored landscape maintenance, ensuring commercial properties thrive beautifully year-round.

learn more

landscape constructionwe specialize in soft and hardscape installation, transforming outdoor spaces into stunning environments for all properties.

learn more



landscaping enhancementsroebuck landscaping provides premium plants and supplies, serving trade professionals across upstate south carolina.

learn more

go with excellence you can count on!
why choose roebuck landscaping?
we have over 150 years of combined experience and can tailor all commercial landscaping maintenance programs.

design
experience & expertise
we will design and build your landscape projects, which can transform your property to help create viable green spaces. using a combination of hardscaping and landscaping we will transform your property and its environment.

build
comprehensive services
our construction division will provide irrigation, landscape install, and hardscape builds. from a simple front entrance design to a large scale multi-phased project.

maintain
commercial landscaping maintenance
we ensure your commercial property thrives beautifully year-round. commercial clients in our portfolio include, hospitals, college campuses, industrial facilities, manufactures, and multi-family properties.
let’s build together!
whether you're looking for a reliable partner for construction, commercial landscape maintenance, or quality landscaping enhancements, roebuck landscaping is here to support you. contact us today to discuss how we can bring your landscaping projects to life!

contact us

explore our gallery
projects


















commercial landscape maintenance















landscape construction












landscaping enhancements

view our work

"our team is the engine of our business, driving us toward a future of growth, recognition, and excellence."
testimonials
what our clients have to say about us
“they have a good reputation in town. we knew that when they were awarded the project, part of the reason why was because of their reputation”
“honestly, they are the best. they are the best landscaper in the upstate.”
“they have a good reputation in town. we knew that when they were awarded the project, part of the reason why was because of their reputation”
“absolutely 10. they are one of my favorite vendors to work with because they just make things easy for me. when someone asks, i always recommend them.”
“i actually steer most of my clients towards using roebuck for the install”
“we use them for everything from landscaping to irrigation design, hardscaping, and some occasional grading.”
licenses and certifications
whether you're looking for a reliable partner for construction, ongoing maintenance, or quality nursery products, roebuck landscaping is here to support you. contact us today to discuss how we can bring your landscaping projects to life!certified irrigation contractor (ia)certified segmental wall installer (ncma)certified paver installer (icpi)licensed north carolina landscape contractor (nclclb)licensed north carolina irrigation contractor (nciclb)licensed south carolina general contractor (masonry)
roebuck landscaping
since our founding in 1980, roebuck landscaping has grown from humble beginnings into a trusted leader in the landscape construction and maintenance industry throughout the southeast.
get in touch







+1.864.576.0875









rwnl@roebucklandscaping.com









2980 stone station rd, roebuck









450 s main st mauldin, sc 29662






monday - friday: 8am - 5pm





saturday: 8am - 12pm





sunday: closed

our services
landscape maintenance
landscape construction
nursery
service areas
south carolina
north carolina
tennessee
georgia
quick links




homeour storyour serviceslandscape maintenancelandscape constructionour nurseryour workour people
2025 all rights reserved | roebuck landscapingproudly designed by ridge media llc,






online ordering
request a call





select...service 1service 2service 3


submit





                                      




