


codes in the bible














 






prophecy truths website

homepage
site index
compare bible code software
divine name (yhvh) in new testament

codes in the bible website

homepage
hebrew bible code matrices
articles
message boards

bible code software shopping

main shopping page
codefinder: me software
keys to the bible software

 


web portal for 3 excellent and interesting websites
prophecy truths website
prophecy truths is a large website with many unique articles and modern 
			prophecies. entirely biblically based, some articles challenge 
			assumptions and provide compelling evidence. sections include the 
			rapture, the bible code, when jesus really was born (not dec. 25), 
			prophecies of a future war, what day of the week jesus was crucified 
			(not on a friday), israel's feast days as prophecy, the 3rd temple, 
			how close we are to prophetic end-time events, and even a 
			mathematical solution for pi in the bible. other recent articles 
			are:

new vs. old covenant: specifically, how does each impact man's spirit, soul and body?
divine name of god (yhvh) in the new testament (compelling evidence)
						sin nature of mankind: real or imputed--creationism or 
				traducianism?
nature of god article
nature of man article (with part 2 on counter-arguments)

codes in 
			the bible website
codes in the bible is entirely dedicated to research of the bible code. it 
			is replete with bible code matrices from researchers all over the 
			world, hosted by roy a. reinhold who has appeared on 7 tv shows on 
			the codes, and has intriguing articles explaining bible code concepts and 
			future developments. see why the skeptics are completely wrong and 
			why they themselves have a biased agenda. all the material is free 
			and far more than in any book on the bible code. the site includes 
			message boards with discussions on bible codes and current events 
			related to modern and biblical prophecies.

main hebrew bible code matrices access page
articles on bible code theory and bible code book reviews
message boards--bible code topics, software help, and 
				prophecy related discussions

bible 
			code software shopping
we offer the world's 2 best bible code software 
			programs (ranked #1 and #2 in rigorous comparisons) and provide 
			top-notch technical support to customers. also offered is jerusalem 
			dictionary, a deluxe hebrew dictionary/thesaurus program useful in 
			bible codes research. we have 3 bible code-related books and a 
			software program for a completely new research area of musically encoding in the hebrew 
			text of the torah/tanach. our choice is to limit our offerings to 
			only  a few items that are the best and at good prices.

main shopping page with codes-related software and books
codefinder: millennium edition software (ranked #1 worldwide)
keys to the bible software (ranked #2 worldwide)





css design by studio7designs | logo photograph copyright by freestockphotos.com, used by permission



