

 




home - ruth klein


























































































meet ruthbookspodcastblogfree trainingchat with mework with me! 






 












brand visibility strategist, master book coach & author of 7 bestselling books























































 

5 step guide to increase productivity & income (ebook)
   grab my “5 step guide to increase productivity & income” ebook. now, you have no excuse to writing and marketing your book.  name   first    last  email  captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.               









work with me!
i tailor each of my entrepreneurial and author clients road to success based on a creative and relevant brand, personality based marketing strategies and client benefits.
learn more about working with me














read me
7x best selling author ruth klein’s books including her latest amazon best-seller; generation why not?®: 7 principles to a purposeful business and life, driven by attitude, not age
browse



 









 

get on ruth’s vip list!
  get exclusive business + leadership insights and first notice on upcoming events. and as a bonus, receive ruth’s 30 day free pocket coaching, if you’d like coaching every morning to keep focused, gain clarity for mindset, leadership, motivation, and sooo much more.  name   first    last  email  captchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.               









listen, follow & subscribe





































 








free webinar
download my free webinar









podcast
the generation why not?® podcast, interviews with founders, entrepreneurs and second career transitions with a perceptual shift of what success looks like, and who are driven by attitude not age. they know anything is possible, feel the fear and keeps going to achieve theirs goals and dreams.
listen to my latest podcast



 









blog
wrapping up the year with consistent follow-up: the key to a stress-free 2025
it’s time to wrap the gifts and tie then with a bow…or pretty string….or a gift bag. the truth is, in an ideal world, this would be the time when we tie up all the loose ends, evaluate our business strategies, and reflect on how well our communications have worked. and now, as the year…
read more



 








"the marketing maven!"


                            what others are saying...
                        





"ruth's genius and experience, helped me simplify and truly enjoy what
initially seemed to be a titanic task to me.  i did not only get my book
written in record time, ruth completely changed my mindset about myself and
my business! i created the enterprise of my dreams. now that's a winning
combination!
"
bettina langerfeldt
prosperity coach and business strategist for women entrepreneurs















































 
                    p: 310-741-1583 | f: 310-741-1583                

                    © copyright 2025 ruth klein. all right reserved. site design by w&wds.
                





homemeet ruthbookspodcastblogchat with mework with me!contactprivacy policy 






































privacy policy


