



























nephrology nursing certification commission | nncc






































skip to main content














  












search form






 









about
certify
recertify
resources
awards
 




contact us
find exam site
shop our store
verify certification

































lead by example

becoming certified is a great first step on the path to leadership.



 




commitment to excellence

certification demonstrates excellence to your employer, your colleagues, and yourself.



 




patients first

an nncc certification shows your unwavering commitment to patient safety.



 




water for dialysis

- obtain knowledge and competency concerning water treatment for dialysis.
	- earn a 4-contact hour credit towards nncc certification/recertification.



 





 




















choose nncc®




 

 
 patient-focused 
 nncc's approach to certification has always been patient-focused, with the primary goals of promoting patient safety and ensuring quality of care.
  

 

 
 certification for everyone 
 nncc offers certification for nephrology and dialysis healthcare professionals in virtually any role, from technicians to nurse practitioners.
  

 

 
 nephrology certification leader 
 as a charter member of the abns, no one is more committed to nephrology-related certification.
  

 


our affiliations























certification programs




 




 
 cnn-np 
 for established nurse practitioners with at least 2,000 hours practicing in nephrology.  

 




 
 cnn 
 for rns with at least 3,000 hours of experience practicing in multiple areas of nephrology.  

 




 
 cdn 
 for rns with at least 2,000 hours of experience caring for patients who may require dialysis.  

 




 
 cd-lpn/cd-lvn 
 for lpns and lvns having at least 2,000 hours experience with patients who may require dialysis.  

 




 
 ccht-a 
 reserved for clinical dialysis technicians with at least 5,000 hours and 5 years experience.  

 




 
 ccht 
 for practicing dialysis technicians with a high school diploma or ged.  

 
























nncc launches text alert service

tired of lost mail or blocked email messages? nncc certificants now have the option of receiving reminder notices and important information regarding certification via text messaging.
when you sign up for nncc mobile service, you will receive your certification reminder notice via text message to your mobile phone at least 90 days prior to your certification expiration date. you will also receive important news regarding nncc and certification via text message. 
find out more and sign up!
it has come to our attention that books and flash cards are being marketed and sold as preparation materials for nncc certification examinations. these materials are not created, nor endorsed by nncc. the use of these materials is not recommended when preparing for the exam. please review the practice/prepare tab under your credential for a list of recommended reference materials.
special accommodations
nncc’s testing partner, c-net offers special accommodation in conjunction with the american with disabilities act (ada). english as a second language is not considered by the ada to be a disability. nncc’s certification exams are english language exams, meant to establish that a nncc-certified individual meets the requirements of a nationally certified healthcare professional practicing in the united states.


































top news




 
nncc newsletter | april 2024 
 
  

 
nncc newsletter | march 2024 
 
  

 
nncc newsletter | february 2024 
 
  

 
nncc newsletter | january 2024 
 
  

 
nncc newsletter | december 2023 
  
	
  

 
nncc newsletter | november 2023 
 
  


 news archive 
 





























 "with new technologies and research, the field of nephrology nursing continues to evolve. my certification keeps me in touch with new trends and issues so i can better serve my patients. i encourage every professional nephrology nurse to get certified."
 
 maggie dorsaint‎, cnn 



 "i am really glad that i did it... so much new knowledge that i've learned in addition to all the experiences... and my colleagues are very supportive."
 
 analiza crnp, cnn-np 



 "being a cnn-np means that i am committed to being the best nephrology nurse practitioner by going the extra mile to better serve my patients."
 
 joanne, acnp, cnn-np 



 "...validates my professional expertise." 
 
 mary, rn, cnn, ne-bc 



 "having my certification as a certified nephrology nurse highly magnifies my knowledge and experience..."
 
 sheree mullen, bsn rn ccm cnn 



 "certification means the achievement of a level of professionalism in your chosen specialty. in addition, it shows that you are dedicated to your patients and colleagues."
 
 madeline, bsn rn cnn 



 "i've had great job opportunities. it has motivated me to become a better leader and inspire more nurses to become certified..."
 
 rebecca rodriguez nevarez, msn rn cnn 



 "being certified means that i am committed to providing the best patient care possible by keeping up on the latest research and educating my patients and peers so they too can make the best choices for their situation."
 
 megan l., ccht 



 "being certified ensures my patients and co-workers that i am up to date on renal education. my patients deserve the best, up to date care, and that is my responsibility as their nurse."
 
 lisa weatherman, cd-lpn 



 "being certified ensures my patients and co-workers that i am up to date on renal education. my patients deserve the best, up to date care, and that is my responsibility as their nurse."
 
 lisa weatherman, cd-lpn 



 "being certified says to my patients and colleagues that i'm vested in my patients, our program and the staff that i help train and mentor. as a nurse, i'm ethically committed to keeping myself educated and informed as i provide care to renal patients."
 
 b. burns, rn cdn 





 










when surveyed, 95% of nurse managers responded that nursing certification "indicates attainment of a practice standard."
brown, et al. "the value of oncology nursing certification." clinical journal of oncology nursing​, 14(6), pp. e63-e69.

get nncc certified






















follow us on social media










 



















quick links

contact us
find exam site
shop our store
verify certification
 











no individual shall be excluded from the opportunity to participate in the nncc certification program on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age or disability.
denial, suspension, revocation and other nncc policies regarding certification and recertification are available here.




copyright ©2025 nephrology nursing certification commission (nncc). all rights reserved worldwide.



 











 



