


guthrie lonergan


























g
u
t
h
r
i
e
 
l
o
n
e
r
g
a
n


theageofmammals.com





my other blog, nasty nets surf club, my links
guthrielonergan at gmail dot com







 

      and/or show #12


i'm very excited to be in a two-person show with kevin bewersdorf opening this weekend at paul slocum's gallery, and/or, in dallas, texas! here's a press release.

dates: october 20th - november 24th
opening: october 20th, 6pm - 9pm w/ performance by tree wave (paul's band) at 8:30

i'll be there. i'm not 100% sure what i'm showing yet, i'll let you know :)

(btw major thanks in advance to paul..)

*update: check out documentation
posted on 10/16/2007 3 comments
 


 

      cover this youtube in blood




hi i made a button for your browser that covers youtube movies in blood — please go install it and try it out when you get a chance. works best on dull home videos, like video logs, etc… o, the horror of the mundane! (here’s a sample  of what it does)



(btw, shout out to ilia’s similar flag from a couple of weeks ago, which not only beat me 2 the net, but is really wonderful)
(p.s. firefox highly recommended, totally sux in i.e. …sorry)
posted on 9/16/2007 2 comments
 


 

      new blog


hey guys, i made a new blog..... for research... things i find and original things in progress,.. sorta more relaxed (and more frequently updated) than this one. however, i'll keep posting more important announcements here on "blogger".

(and if you really want rss for my research u can have it, but i'd rather you just look at the page from time to time, if at all..)
posted on 5/03/2007 38 comments
 


 

      total artwork-related expenses & income for 2006 (not bad)





  item
  


  amount
  



   domain name registration 
  

   -9.00
  



   web hosting 
  

   -36.00
  



   cd-rs given away at lecture
  

   -15.00
  



   poster printed for lecture
  

   -20.00
  



   honorarium
  

   +50.00
  



   paper for collages
  

   -10.00
  



   banner ads (google adsense)
  

   +2.40
  



   total
  

   -$37.60
  


posted on 3/26/2007 37 comments
 


 

      collages at "thread", print-outs


                                     

"thread" exhibition opens tomorrow at wood street galleries in pittsburgh, featuring my robot stopper & thumbnail collages!

i've made some pdfs of my whole collection (chronological by date downloaded!) so that you can print out your own stickers:captchas & thumbs.

(or stumble through them here and here.) (also check out travis hallenbeck's thumb collection.)
posted on 1/25/2007 0 comments
 

 

      a quick recap


my favorite links of the year can be seen in the year in the internet 2006... i think my web surfing taste has shifted slightly since last year? other really great links on those lists.

14 wipeouts, a chart comparing 14 distinct midi adaptations of "wipeout" (though i'm still not sure who did the original!) inspired in part by the authoritative doctor soda page

i'm way into this gettyimages video search for "artist looking at camera", and the general madness of stock footage

sped up bob dylan karaoke file
bugs inside of computer screens playlist:


been posting tons to nasty nets, which was just included in a rhizome.org online exhibition, "professional surfer"... awesome!!

posted on 1/25/2007 1 comments
 


 

      hacking vrs. defaults




hacking
defaults


hacking a nintendo cartridge to make images
using ms paint to make images



12 point times new roman


net.art 1.0
???



     anxiety

     banality


"the man is taking away our privacy... that's lame!"
"we willingly give up our own privacy (i.e. endlessly talking about ourselves on our myspace profiles)... why?"


empowering the people by subverting the man's power
being and critiquing the people by using the tools made by the man


rock & roll attitude
exuberant humility


jodi's blogs
tom moody's blog


sophisticated breaking of technology
semi-naive, regular use of technology


(see also this comment thread on tom moody's blog)
posted on 1/10/2007 4214 comments
 


 

      google image search for "katrina" on 9/4/05



full resolution, otherssearch today
posted on 12/23/2006 55 comments
 


 

      a sound investment













[flash slideshow]

this is a web slideshow of a dj's photos. he tries to document both his own equipment and the surrounding party. the source website has vanished from the net.

the soundtrack is "the slowest jam ever".. i simply took a whitney houston midi file ("waiting to exhale") and cranked the tempo way down. i've posted it here before. (i'll let you know that the last 15% of the song is absolutely stunning after you've listened to the first 85%!!)

also, recently on nasty nets i posted this comparison, which is a byproduct of this project (and inspired by something my buddy mike chang said about this slideshow in progress.)
posted on 12/18/2006 0 comments
 


 

      quick captchas & thumbs test collages



some hastily made collages -- like these,  except now i am printing my own adorable little stickers!

mostly the thumbnails are from google news' frontpage. my memory is fuzzy on what is going on in some of the pictures, but i believe that on the left we have some kind of x-files-ish conspiracy where stem cell research caused the iraq war (or at least something that looks like the iraq war?). and on the right we have kofi annan confronting lightning and flipped-over cruise ships, whilst california wildfires and west nile mosquitos make everything look like the iraq war. also, a nice gif of a deer and lots of other stuff whose origins i'm pretty fuzzy on.
posted on 12/12/2006 1 comments
 


 

      my domain




this is my setup in my bedroom, yeeahh.. note the awesome painted paper sculpture by jamie chan pinned above my desk!!! btw, i put up the source pics from my domain video right here.

and if you have time, please leave me a voice message, kthx*:


get your own voice playermanage

* i love how anonymous and creepy it is..& people are doing awesome wierd crap.. i put it on theageofmammals.com frontpage and my "real" myspace, too :)
posted on 11/05/2006 4 comments
 


 

      domain




new music video with some default slideshow stylings... (are nerds bohemians?)
(the rest of my music vids..)
posted on 10/16/2006 10 comments
 

 

      nasty nets internet surfing club





 

   
   
    
     




oh boy am i excited to tell you about this!!: nasty nets internet surfing club! what's a surfing club? it's a hangout for my favorite surfers (and i), an extension of the collecting that's already been going on, on del.icio.us and elsewhere. right now it's mostly a blog, but the idea is that it expands into more of a community -- preservation, creation, criticism.. i like putting stuff there because it's more like two-way sharing, and there's more of an impulse for discussion (blog comments take on a different nature.) so come check it out...

surf club members (truly professional surfers): travis hallenbeck, joel holmberg, marisa olson, michael bell-smith, tom moody, brian blomerth, john michael boling, peter baldes, paul slocum, and me
posted on 10/16/2006 19 comments
 




archives









