









a. prentice ray & associates, llc | consulting | professional services | dc





























































menumenuabout usservices

information technology (it) solutionsacquisition and contract management supportfinancial support servicesprogram and project managementconstruction managementadministrative and office support servicesstaff augmentation
careerscontact us 


select page


  
 
 











innovative solutions
that transform the way you do business.







our services





information technology (it) solutions



acquisition and contract management support





financial support services



program and project management





construction management



administrative and office support services





staff augmentation








about apra

a. prentice ray & associates (apra) operates as a comprehensive consulting and professional services firm headquartered in the washington, d.c. region, with a global reach. our team of seasoned professionals are dedicated to enhancing organizational achievements by presenting inventive solutions that revolutionize business practices.
apra stands as an exceptional firm led by dedicated experts who collectively possess over fifty years of diverse experience, spanning roles such as accountants, auditors, engineers, educators, writers, technologists, human resource professionals, and corporate and public executives. our team is characterized by its multifaceted backgrounds, extensive expertise, affiliations, and a portfolio of established achievements, all of which serve as our invaluable assets in a competitive landscape.
contact us to initiate discussions on how a partnership with apra has the potential to revolutionize your organization and/or your industry!

get in touch





 
















a. prentice ray & associates is a full-service consulting and professional services firm based out of the washington, d.c., area.

follow

woman-owned business, gsa mas schedule certified



home
about us
careers
contact us
privacy



get in touch

 202-899-5596 info@apra.com







© 2024 a. prentice ray & associates, llc – all rights reserved. designed by amw



 














