





























business storytelling training, workshops and strategy - anecdote















































 

































skip to content (press enter)




anecdote
anecdote – making strategy stick
 






 



search for:



 
story programs
about us
partners
learning
events
contact
 
 





   



academy
          |  blog
          |  podcast





search







story programs
about us
partners
learning
events
contact
 

academy
blog
podcast















sharing stories helps leaders stand out, cut through the noise, and be truly heard.



we teach leaders and sellers to inspire people with business stories, helping them find and tell stories with confidence and impact. 
and we’ve been doing it globally for over 20 years. it’s the only thing we do. 
it all started in 2004 with a fresh approach to business story training—and people loved it. today, we deliver our story programs in 28 countries and 11 languages, both virtually and in person, helping companies connect and inspire like never before. 
 
let’s find you a story  get our newsletter





  





the top four ways in which we can help your business:






do your leaders inspire and engage your employees? 
story-powered leadership


 




 


do your sales folk go beyond features and functions, and help customers feel the impact you’re offering?
story-powered sales




do your people understand and care about your strategy? 
story-powered strategy


 




 


do people understand your data insights, and do these insights inspire decision-makers to act?
story-powered data






we also offer:
story coachingkeynote presentations
 




learn how anecdote does things differently so your people really develop the habit of business storytelling.




our clients include:



























what people are saying about our story programs:

“as one of the world’s best gaming companies, electronic arts is a story business. so it’s vital that our top leaders have the oral story skills to engage and inspire our people.
anecdote’s story-powered leadership program blew us away. it’s practical, engaging, and most importantly, it works. our leaders were applying their new-found story skills right away, with immediate impact.”
—andy billings, electronic arts


“for someone who has been in sales for over 25 years, it was extremely useful to revisit effective storytelling, as we all pick up bad habits along the way. this course was a great refresher on storytelling structure.”
—helen barrow, dius


“anecdote helped ricoh build strategy story and broader story skills for our leaders and sellers, and the impact has been outstanding. every day i’m hearing stories now, in internal transformation meetings and in customer presentations. it’s helping ricoh achieve strategic coherence. we’re going through massive disruption and transformation, yet we remain aligned from the top to the bottom around our purpose, ‘to improve work-life’. managers understanding and intentionally using the power of storytelling is a big part of that.”
—andy berry, ricoh


“taking anecdote’s story coaching training was actually life-altering. while it was something i did to improve a presentation i needed to make, it changed how i communicated on a daily basis. the tools gained, when applied, are a bit like a secret superhero power. if you want to have more influence, respect and impact, then anecdote have the process for making it happen.”
—bonnie leedy, school webmasters


“as part of an 11-day senior academic leadership development program in 2019, we brought in anecdote to facilitate a session on storytelling. they truly went above and beyond to deliver a user-friendly, relevant and impactful session. at the conclusion of the program, every single group used anecdote’s storytelling structure while presenting business cases to an executive panel, which resulted in some highly influential pitches. later, many leaders told me that they’d adopted storytelling not only with their staff but also with their students, enabling them to be better educators by delivering more engaging and meaningful lectures.”
—christina kolar, deakin university








we deliver our programs across 28 countries in 11 languages through our global partner network.


 






the latest from our blog:

how to make stories stick: lessons from paul mccartney and everyday practiceposted by  shawn callahan —january 5, 2025filed in business storytelling
i’m currently working on a new book inspired by the questions my students often ask. it started as me jotting down answers, and now it’s …
						read more
how to tell a clarity story in 15 secondsposted by  shawn callahan —december 15, 2024filed in business storytelling
here’s some friendly advice for our prime minister, anthony albanese. but it holds true for all leaders: people want stories, not lists. read on for …
						read more
unlock your business storytelling superpower: find stories, don’t craftposted by  shawn callahan —september 14, 2024filed in business storytelling
this week, i zoomed with the head of marketing at an insurance company in new york. at one point, he talked about crafting brand stories …
						read more
make it visualposted by  shawn callahan —september 4, 2024filed in business storytelling
i’m about halfway through writing a new book in which i recount 40+ tips for business storytelling. it’s the sort of book you can dip …
						read more



check out our blog



















social: twitter, linkedin, facebook, instagram


connect: newsletter, weekly story questions, blog, podcast


fundamentals: spotting a story, story habit, business point


extras: contact, careers


spotting a business story



		copyright © 2004-2024 anecdote international pty ltd
	

		 









anecdote


























