


reproductions of historical military flags 































dupage military flag co.



 
museum quality reproductions of historic military flags and colors
 































reproductions of historical military flags and
colors





   



dupage military flag co. offers museum quality reproductions of military flags and colors, as well as flag accoutrements such as lances and pikes, finials (many cast from historic originals), cords and tassels, and flag belts. with more than 30 years research and experience, dupage military flag company can provide an accurately sewn and hand-painted or embroidered reproduction of virtually any flag from earliest times up to approximately the beginning of the 20th century (when mass-produced embroidered types became the norm.) 
each dupage flag product is a unique work, an exact copy individually made in the original materials and workmanship to represent specific historic flags, or where the originals have been lost, the correct historical type based on unit's origin and history.  as with the originals, no two flags are precisely the same, even those that follow the same pattern.








all types historical flags, colors and accoutrements, in original materials
military colors have traditionally been sold or issued as "stands", that is, the flag itself, the staff with spear or other finial, and the cords and tassels.  this means that certain styles or patterns of flags almost always have specific finials and specific types of cords and tassels associated with them.  dupage military flag makes the correct cord and tassels as part of the basic order for military colors that require them.  cord and tassels can also be ordered seperately if you already have a flag.    
flag staffs (called pikes for infantry, lances for mounted troops) are priced seperately, but will be matched to correct type for flag requested.  dupage flag now has many finials cast from period originals, and can make most others. 
 
sampling of places dupage flag reproductions are on display:





united states military academy at west point
united states naval academy, annapolis
museum of american history, smithsonian institution, washington dc
us army old guard museum, fort meyers, va
us army national guard hq, washington, dc
us army artillery school, fort sill, ok
pennsylvania state capitol, harrisburg, pa
massachusetts state house, boston, ma
memorial hall, harvard university, cambridge, ma
maine state house, augusta, me
wisconsin veterans museum, madison, wi
chickamauga, perryville, and petersburg national battlefield parks
fortress of louisbourg canadian national park, nova scotia
fort ligonier, pa
national medal of honor museum, chattanooga 
vicksburg national battlefield park
wilson’s creek national battlefield park
the pentagon
ford’s theater, washington, dc
washington’s home museum, mount vernon, va
1780 french frigate l’hermione
brunswick house museum, canada (104th regt of foot 1812)
james a. garfield national historical site
heritage hill state historical park, green bay, wi
fort tejon historic park, ca
feature film last of the mohicans
a&e television civil war journal and the american revolution
over 300 re-enactment units portraying the revolutionary war, war of 1812, us civil war, and indian wars









<< double click on pictures throughout site to get larger view >> 












get the perfect flag any order from dupage military flag company should be made by
asking for a specific unit or a specific flag.  as often as
not we will have information on your unit and what flags it
carried.  in cases where the originals are not known, we
will generally be able to advise on the correct type based on what
is known of the unit, its history, and the historical period you
are portraying. part of
dupage flag's product is our expertise; proprietor/flag-maker steve
hill has studied military flags and colors for over twenty years,
visiting in the process every depository of federal civil war
flags (and most of the confederate ones) in the united states.
 he has served as curator of the flag collections of the state
of delaware (historical society of delaware in wilmington, de) and
massachusetts (state house, boston, ma) and as associate curator of
the military flag collections of indiana (indiana war memorial,
indianapolis, in).  he assisted in the cataloging and
photographing of the civil war flags in indiana and
connecticut.  he is a member of the company of military
collectors and historians.






contact us
today for more information about our reproductions of
historical military flags and flag
accoutrements!home | location |  contact us








visit our new retail store at www.cafepress.com/historicflags for useful and gift items featuring historic military flags based on dupage flag reproductions and 20 years of military flag research.  mugs, caps, t-shirts, bags, etc, with your unit's flag.  use them to show your unit pride, promote unit esprit, foster interest, or draw new recruits.stock or custom designs perfect for all military and flag enthusiasts.






































dupage military flag co.



16917 horn point dr

gaithersburg,  md 20878
































copyright © 2013 web design by web.com group, inc.













