






balance research - transportation and telecommunications


transport (of passengers and general freight) uses
excessive resources because of the apparent, but false,
economy of highways. highway usage is very attractive
because most road space is provided by governments with little
expectation of financial return while the costs of significant harm and
losses due to traffic are borne by the wider community, rather than the
users.  




election debate on road & rail

our leaders, at all levels of government, are taking positions on the importance of infrastructure for road and rail.
balance research would like to say to those leaders who are promoting major road infrastructure: "don't lock yourselves into a position
where you must go ahead with major road infrastructure even if you discover, in time, that rail would be better value".
you may, on reflection, realise that rail will use less resources and provide more passenger capacity for the same money. rail tunnels and road tunnels are both very costly per kilometre (e.g. four road lanes, or two rail tracks) but when compared "per thousand passengers per peak hour" there is just no comparison.
a road lane, operating at safe separations, can carry about 1800 vehicles per hour, assuming normal speed range and no large vehicles. with typical occupancy, this could equate to 2000 persons per hour per lane. this could rise to 2500 with more sharing of car rides.
a rail track, using modern separation methods and longer trains, can carry between 20,000 and 40,000 passengers per hour.
road safety statistics (as collisions per million vehicle-kilometres travelled) are improving. but the actual number of collisions is not improving at that rate because total traffic is growing. it is desirable that infrastructure investments be designed to reduce road traffic, so directly lowering the toll of road trauma.
more on this . . .


   





transport tasks (passenger-km and general freight tonne-km) are continuing to 
grow. they will double and double again within the 70 to 100 year time-frame. 
under present policies, transport-related resource usage will be 
unsustainable, despite most governments now being more positive 
about rail.

thanks to this improved government attitude, rail now seems likely to maintain 
its share of the growing task, thus reaching four times its present traffic 
within that time-frame. but if that is the case, society will also see four times 
the road traffic task around that time. is this prospect acceptable to 
society?

the role that only rail can play in these coming decades is to absorb
that growth, leaving highway traffic around the present level. every 
increment of task (e.g. million person-km of travel) on road uses more energy 
and more land and causes more damage than the same increment absorbed by rail.


absorbing passenger and freight task growth onto rail will permit the continuing 
improvement in accident rates (e.g. per million vehicle-km) to be realised 
as an absolute reduction in trauma - impossible if road traffic keeps on 
growing.

this role for rail will save substantial outlays by governments and 
relieve pressure on land, energy and societal resources. if governments 
will commit to identifying and sharing these savings, industry will gladly 
make the needed investments. thus railways will be rewarded for reducing the 
rate of growth of road traffic - their ultimate role.

our finite highway capacity will be better utilised by ensuring that 
it is kept available for tasks which really must use the road and 
which warrant the greater use of resources. this is not about reducing road 
traffic and road capacity - it is about not increasing it over the decades.

to achieve this kind of outcome, rail capacity must grow not to four
times but (typically) twenty times its present level.

  

our agenda is to put this challenge on your agenda !



 
transport highlights
a page of transport notes in point form 

 
transport overviewwhat is this site about? gateway to the site
 

 
index of submissions and talks
by-pass the overview, go straight in! 

 
our communications page
australia's telephone numbering scheme has deficiencies 

 
volunteering at balance researchwe are a voluntary organisation 
and need your help 

 
about balance researchwho we are, what we are, 
where we are 


balance research.
  for more description, scroll down


 
balance research

balance research, a voluntary organisation, is based in melbourne,
australia. we study and write on policy issues relating to 
transport and telecommunications.

our director is michael isaachsen, who has many years' experience
in researching and debating transport issues, and who worked for
nearly 30 years with australia's telephone company (now telstra).
 





the main thrust of balance research's transport work is to place certain 
issues about the usage of resources by transport onto the public agenda.

if society is to avoid a blow-out in resources used by transport, public 
transport and rail freight must grow much faster than now contemplated 
despite the new-found zeal of most governments for rail expansion.

by the time when total transport tasks reach four times today's 
level, if society wishes to avoid four times today's road 
traffic, infrastructure and financial incentives must be in 
place for the rail industry to carry not four times but perhaps 
twenty times the rail traffic.

the result of ensuring rail capacity and limiting road growth, compared 
to continuation of present policy, will include reduced road 
trauma and lower use of resources (energy, land and quiet enjoyment 
as well as billions of government money). when governments find ways of 
quantifying and sharing these savings with those who make them possible,
financiers will be keen to invest.

beneficiaries will include those with a continuing need to use the
roads, as the less critical tasks will be attracted away by rail's
improved service and its subsidy equalised with that of road. at
present, governments and society are giving more subsidy to the mode
which uses more resources. without these changes, the road system
will become unworkable: industry and travel will be stifled.

our telecommunications work mainly relates to australia's official
scheme for numbering of telephone services. telephone number 
schemes previously indicated, by their first two or three digits, 
the geographic locality where each service is located. this is 
important socially and for understanding the likely charge for calling. 
this meaning in numbers has been eroded by the current scheme, 
introduced by the aca's predecessor in 1996. the present scheme makes 
no provision for expanding local number-ranges in a contiguous fashion.

transport policy

transport overview page
including links to papers and further pages

index of papers and submissions
by-passing the overview page

transport highlights page
a page of transport philosophy in point form


telecommunications policy
click here for our telecoms intro


telephone numbers can be and should be geographically meaningful
australian communications authority numbering plan is deficient 
and is leading to number chaos
balance research devises numbering rules to provide for growth 
without loss of meaning
directory assistance service - value for money?
operator assistance when the network is in trouble


volunteering at balance research
some of this interesting work can be done at home.
read our volunteers page.
where to contact balance research :
see our about page.



to top


    melbourne museum of printing

    victoria's network vicnet


