

weightwatchers weight-loss program: lose weight for better health | ww nz



skip to main contentskip to footerpoints programpricinghow it worksrecipeshealthy livingaufind a workshoploginjoin nowpoints programworkshopspricingwwadd workshopshow it worksappzeropoint foodsdiabetesrecipeshealthyvegetariangluten freecookbooksview allhealthy livingfood & nutritionhealth & wellnessfitness & exerciseaufind a workshop in-person workshopsvirtual workshops loginjoin nowweightwatchers weight-loss program: lose weight for better health | ww nz[{"type":"span","children":[{"text":"join now"}]}]join from $20/month!*		limited time offer!join nowhit your weight-loss goals—without giving up what you lovemake healthy happen now.join nowhurry, offer ends in join from $20/month!*		your goals + this offer = true love. *on selected 3 & 6 month plans only. min. cost (core membership) nz$60. offer ends 18/02/2025.  see terms.view pricingwhat weightwatchers® is all about...nutrition made simplelife is complicated—healthy eating shouldn’t be. our system and personalised plans make it easier.no quick fixeswe’re not a pill or shake. we’re nutritional and behavioural science that changes your relationship with food for weight loss done well.a strong support systemyou don't have to do it alone. our expert coaches and millions of members understand weight loss and are here to support you—online or in person.nutrition made simplelife is complicated—healthy eating shouldn’t be. our system and personalised plans make it easier.no quick fixeswe’re not a pill or shake. we’re nutritional and behavioural science that changes your relationship with food for weight loss done well.a strong support systemyou don't have to do it alone. our expert coaches and millions of members understand weight loss and are here to support you—online or in person.join nowour app just got big upgrades included in all memberships.explore 150+ more zeropoint® foodsenjoy 350+ filling foods you never have to track, including more protein and fibre-rich optionsautomatically track your macros see key macro data including carbs, fat, and protein for foodstracking through food photos use your camera to track meals and get their points® valuerecipe analysergenerate points® totals for any recipe on the internetexplore 150+ more zeropoint® foodsenjoy 350+ filling foods you never have to track, including more protein and fibre-rich optionsautomatically track your macros see key macro data including carbs, fat, and protein for foodstracking through food photos use your camera to track meals and get their points® valuerecipe analysergenerate points® totals for any recipe on the internet[{"type":"span","children":[{"text":"learn more "}]}]learn more your weightwatchers journeywork toward your goals in 4 simple steps:1choose your program join weightwatchers and choose the program that fits your needs: points or diabetes.2get the app download the weightwatchers app and explore tools like what to eat, which helps you make healthy choices at home or on the go. 3start tracking with just a few taps, you can track what you eat. our simple points system helps you prioritize nutrient-dense foods that get you to your goals.4celebrate your progress focus on progress—not perfection—while you improve your eating habits, weight, and activity over time. 1choose your program join weightwatchers and choose the program that fits your needs: points or diabetes.2get the app download the weightwatchers app and explore tools like what to eat, which helps you make healthy choices at home or on the go. 3start tracking with just a few taps, you can track what you eat. our simple points system helps you prioritize nutrient-dense foods that get you to your goals.4celebrate your progress focus on progress—not perfection—while you improve your eating habits, weight, and activity over time. join nowresults you can see.  health you can feel.take it from our members. #people following the ww program can expect to lose up to 1kg per week.stay in the loopget emails with weight-loss tips, healthy recipes, offers, and more!  email addressi'm ini would like to receive exclusive newsletters and periodic updates about services, products, events and marketing offers from ww. i can withdraw at any time through the unsubscribe link in the email or message.i confirm that i am 18 years of age or older.frequently asked questions

is weightwatchers a doctor-recommended weight-loss program?weightwatchers is the #1 doctor-recommended weight-loss program†. additionally, our diabetes-tailored plan is based on guidelines from the american diabetes association and the international diabetes federation.† based on a 2023 survey by cerner enviza of 500 doctors who recommend weight-loss programs to patients.how much does weightwatchers cost? join ww and see how it can work for you. our standard pricing starts at $42.50/month for a month to month core plan which gives you access to our award-winning app with your personalised weight loss plan and over 6000 delicious recipes, or $74.95/month for our premium plan which also gives you access to workshops for extra support. see offers and pricing here.how is your program different from others?we help you lose weight and build healthy habits, one small step at a time. fad weight-loss diets can be restrictive, and rarely work long term. we have more than 140 publications that show weightwatchers’ efficacy to help members lose weight and keep it off, and we’ve been ranked the #1 best diet for weight loss by u.s. news & world report for 13 years in a row.††  what foods will i eat on the program?what you eat is up to you—and we’ll show you how to enjoy your favourite foods in a way that gets you to your goals. with weightwatchers, there are no “good” or “bad” foods—just nutritious and less nutritious ones. what do i have to do to get the results i want?we make it as easy as possible. you’ll get a points® budget to “spend” however you want. you’ll track your meals, drinks, and snacks in the ww app and enjoy as many zeropoint™ foods as you'd like. activity can also boost your weight loss (vs. only focusing on food)ᶿᶿ, and every member has access to free, fun, all-level workouts.ᶿᶿ johns dj, hartmann-boyce j, jebb sa, aveyard p; behavioural weight management review group. diet or exercise interventions vs combined behavioral weight management programs: a systematic review and meta-analysis of direct comparisons. j acad nutr diet. 2014;114(10):1557–1568. doi:10.1016/j.jand.2014.07.005do i have to track everything? science shows food tracking is the biggest predictor of success—the more you track, the more weight you’ll lose! but we’re all about consistency over perfection: it’s better to track some food most days of the week than every single thing you eat only some days of the week. in other words, perfection is not required. you’ll quickly decide how to approach tracking in a way that works for you. here are some of our best tracking tips. what are zeropoint foods?these nutritional powerhouses include fruits, veggies, lean protein, whole grains, and healthy fats, so they serve as the foundation of healthy eating and support your overall health. zeropoint foods also add bulk and flavour to meals, without costing points from your budget, so you don’t have to weigh, measure, or track them—no matter how many you eat in a day.who are weightwatchers experts?our team includes nutrition and behavioural scientists, registered dietitians, clinical researchers, and more. together they help you overcome common weight-loss hurdles—like stress-eating or late-night snacking—while our exclusive points system makes nutrition easier—so easy that healthier eating will feel like second nature. after you sign up, you’ll answer a few questions to get a plan personalised for you, and build healthy habits with proven behaviour change techniques.what are workshops? our workshops (or meetings, back in the day) are coach-led group sessions held in a workshop location or online. you don’t need to go, but the extra support can ramp up your results: workshops give you a sense of belonging alongside coaches and members who really get weight loss. they help you stay on track and encourage accountability.^^based on a 6-month multicenter trial. apolzan jw, et al. a scalable, virtual weight management program tailored for adults (n=136) with type 2 diabetes: effects on glycemic control. presented at american diabetes association’s 82nd scientific sessions. 2022.i’m living with diabetes. can i do weightwatchers?we know living with diabetes is challenging. our diabetes-tailored plan for weight loss helps you lower blood sugar^^, lose weight, and stress less**. ^^based on a 6-month multicenter trial. apolzan jw, et al. a scalable, virtual weight management program tailored for adults (n=136) with type 2 diabetes: effects on glycemic control. presented at american diabetes association’s 82nd scientific sessions. 2022.**based on a 6-month multicenter study demonstrating significant reductions in diabetes-related distress. apolzan jw, et al. a scalable, virtual weight management program tailored for adults with type 2 diabetes: effects on glycemic control. presented at american diabetes association’s 82nd scientific sessions. 2022.i’ve tried weightwatchers before. what’s new? our current weight-loss program uses advanced nutrition and behavioural science and factors in more nutritional data, like added sugars, fibre, and unsaturated fats, to guide you toward the healthiest foods.  it also gets to know who you really are, to build a nutrition plan that makes weight loss liveable and easier. plus, we’ve added hundreds of zeropoint foods you never have to measure or track.our weight loss programhow ww workspoints programdiabete programhow our app works for weight lossweight loss success storiespricingcore membershipworkshopsrecipes and blogww blogfood & nutritionfitness & exercisehealth & wellnesshealthy recipesour companyabout wwcareersbecome a ww coachaffiliatenews and special offersinvite a friendhelpfind a workshopbrowse workshop locationsfaqactivate your ww accountcontact usprivacy policysubscription agreementnew zealandthe weightwatchers® logo, weightwatchers®, points, and zeropoint are trademarks of ww international, inc. ©2025 ww international, inc. all rights reserved.