









igor nikishin's home page








 from canton, ohio!





thank you for visiting the site!  our family welcomes you!



 

 

 



 

 

 



 

 

 


 
link to  igor's trip around america 
2001!



this is my online journal kept during a wonderful journey i made in 2001 that 
took me from maine to the arctic ocean, to alaska, south to san diego, then east 
    to florida, and back to maine.  it is still a work in progress as i am 
    updating and correcting information.  i hope you enjoy the pages and 
pictures.  if you are interested in any particular picture and would like a 
higher resolution of the image, drop me an e-mail and i will send you a copy.  
thanks for visiting!



list of pages



christmas / new years 2004 - 
	pictures from my trip to route 66 and the west! (these pages are not 
	complete, descriptions to be added soon!)  added 2005-10-16


2004 grand prix of cleveland - 
  pictures of my visit to the race!
igor's trip across america 2000 - the travelogue 
  of my drive from fremont california to portland maine, mostly on back roads.
how i spent my summer 2000 - pictures
    of events i attended the summer of 2000!
trip to the ancient bristlecone forest - my
    driving and hiking through the sierra nevada mountains.
drive along route 395 -
    my april 1999 trip northbound on route 395 in california.
my events and schedule - events of interest and 
  schedule in calendar format, where you may find me.
friends from us airways -
    pictures of friends from us airways in charlotte, nc.
dennis miller rants and monologues - (this one 
  gets the most hits from search engines.)

 
 
other websites with which i work
(clicking on the links below will 
open a new instance of your web browser):
 








specializing in sales, rental, leasing, and financing of 
both new and used aviation ground support equipment.  commack, 
new york




brookfield family chiropractic, 
dr. bonnie zschunke.  brookfield, connecticut






barátság hungarian dance and music camp, mendocino 
woodlands, california





electric motor repair in alliance, ohio

     


tobak studios 
owned and operated by ferenc tobak, and offering the 
	finest craftsmanship in custom and production woodturning services in 
	northern california. 



 
 

if you are looking for something in particular on this site, please try the 
following search:  








find any word  find all words  find exact phrase    help





 


currently awaiting:
finding the time to respond to the great 
e-mails and guestbook entries i have been receiving!  i will be writing all 
of you back very soon.  thank you for  your patience.
 
 quotes:
"failure is never quite so frightening as regret."
- sam neill as cliff buxton in 
the dish quoting his deceased wife
"there are people in your world, your friends, your neighbors, your 
colleagues, your clients, your family; some of them are at the end of their 
ropes. they're trying to decide whether or not their dreams can come true. and 
in the final analysis, they won't do what i talk about, they won't do what i 
write about, they will do what you do. and when you really understand this 
interconnectivity, the way we are all put together in this world, you'll 
understand that you don't have the right, for even one day or one moment, to be 
anything less than the best you can be. and you'll come to understand that 
mediocrity is the most selfish thing that any human being can pursue."
jim stovall


 online listening 
:
general listening:




 - click to listen to hober thinking 
radio  (hober home page)  


 - click to listen to 
kwar, wartburg college, waverly, iowa  (kwar 
home page)
 




 - click to listen to 
kfjc, foothill community college, los altos hills, california  (kfjc 
home page)


 
- click to listen to wncw, isothermal 
community college, spindale, nc (wncw 
home page)
 


programs of interest (all times eastern):




 
-   the
norman bates memorial soundtrack show, saturdays, 1200 - 1500 (mp3 format)

robert emmett provides a very entertaining three hour program of movie,
television, and stage soundtracks.
 

 
 





 -  
joe frank sundays, 
2400 - 0100 (real audio
format)  (kpfa home page)

from kcrw, 
great prose from joe frank.


 


   

the weather of some of
my favorite places:
 



canton, ohio
colby, kansas
hotchkiss, colorado


raton, new mexico
yarmouth, maine
naples, florida


mount washington, 
		new hampshire
tuktoyaktuk, 
		northwest territories







site to check modem speed:

 

internet conditions:

       


  
  
 


this page accessed  
   
page created by: igorn@igorn.com
changes last made on: 18 feb 2014 00:39 -0500 
  
  
 
  
  

 


