






construction notices | california mechanics lien | preliminary notice | easy law
































 800-327-9529 (800-easy-law)























servicespre-lien noticesintent to lien lettersmechanics lienspayment bond claimsstop payment noticesmiller act claimscollection lettersadditional servicespricingdownloadsfaq'sonline helparticlesadherence to deadlines for filing mechanics lienscalifornia's 20-day preliminary noticewhen to amend a preliminary notice: understanding the 20% ruleeasy law’s standard vs. premium preliminary noticesusing intent to lien letterspublic works projectsunderstanding payment bond claims: what they are, why, and when to file themunderstanding lien waivers and releases for contractors in californiatimeline for securing construction project paymentscontact ussign in
















servicespre-lien noticesintent to lien lettersmechanics lienspayment bond claimsstop payment noticesmiller act claimscollection lettersadditional servicespricingdownloadsfaq'sonline helparticlesadherence to deadlines for filing mechanics lienscalifornia's 20-day preliminary noticewhen to amend a preliminary notice: understanding the 20% ruleeasy law’s standard vs. premium preliminary noticesusing intent to lien letterspublic works projectsunderstanding payment bond claims: what they are, why, and when to file themunderstanding lien waivers and releases for contractors in californiatimeline for securing construction project paymentscontact ussign in













secure and collectwhat you earn
we've helped contractors, material suppliers, equipment renters and other construction professionals collect since 1985.

our services
about us












rest easy - we've got this!
you need to be paid now, so our staff gets right to work. we are fanatics about accuracy and making sure your notices are done right to start with. not sure which parties should be notified? we'll figure that out for you.
construction notices are what we do and we take pride in doing it well. we take good care of you so you can do what you do best.

sign up!
contact us




















about us
easy law construction notices is a national construction notice company. we specialize in pre-lien notices, mechanics liens, intent to lien letters, stop payment notices, payment bond claims, miller acts, and collection letters.
we take pride in being the best construction notice service in the industry. we understand the importance of great customer service and we get results!














go easy with easy law construction notices
services we provide










pre-lien notices
read more 








intent to lien letters
read more 








mechanics liens
read more 








stop payment notices
read more 








miller act claims
read more 








collection letters
read more 


















access useful articles
access useful construction notice articles











pre-lien notices
step-by-step guide to pre-lien notice requests











lien requests
step-by-step guide to lien requests














our client testimonials









mary k. nisbet
a m lasalle electric, inc. | accounting specialist







"so many people tend to report problems and fail to report the excellence of service one may provide. we feel that the level of excellent service easylaw provides must be shared with others. the excellent service that easylaw has provided to a m lasalle electric, inc. since june 2009 is remarkable! their team is always available, we have never had to leave a message and quick to respond via email. they always have the answer to our questions. being an easylaw client over the years has made my job a whole lot easier and less stressful, they do all the work for you and remind you of important dates on filings when needed. we are proud to be a part of their team!"






refugia recinos
american contractors, inc.







"easy law provides a service that is exceptional, superb and outstanding. the employees are always friendly and willing to help you anytime. it’s a company that we trust and we are pleased to be their customer."






kellie grehan
lightstyle automated systems, inc.







"easy law has been a reliable partner of our business. we have worked with their team for many years. cynthia used to work with us and she was an incredible person; so reliable, kind and professional. we miss her dearly. the team at easy law have been wonderful, including scott, salina and others. a huge thank you easy law!"




















privacy policy






terms of service














© 2025 easy law construction notices, inc.  all rights reserved



























