


      amandio cabral: cape verdean music
    






 









 

          cabo verde (cape verde) -- source of some of the most
          beautiful music on earth -- is an independent island
          nation off the coast of west africa. formerly a
          portuguese colony, it is poor in natural resources. for
          generations, its inhabitants have been forced to leave
          their islands in search of work.

          their longing to return to their homes and loved ones
          is expressed in songs called "mornas," the most famous
          of which is "sodade," sung by cesaria evora and written
          by amandio cabral.

          cabral, born in sao nicolau, cabo verde, is the
          composer and singer who first took cape verdean music
          to europe and beyond. by bringing the morna and other
          cape verdean music to worldwide audiences, he paved the
          way for cesaria evora, fantcha, and the many other cape
          verdean musicians who would follow him -- and who sing
          his songs today.

          since 1965, amandio cabral has made his home in san
          francisco, where he has carved out a second career as a
          jazz composer and performer, and where he is known for
          his unique fusion of jazz and cape verdean rhythms.

          and he is honored in cabo verde. in the summer of 2000,
          in a moving ceremony marking the 25th anniversary of
          cabo verde's independence, the republic of cabo verde
          awarded amandio cabral with a special medal for his
          contributions to cape verdean and world music. (see
          news
              and interviews).

          in these webpages, you will be able to purchase some of
          amandio cabral's music -- as performed by pianist larry
          dunlap, the larry dunlap quintet, other talented jazz musicians and
					amandio cabral himself -- and follow links to other sites that we
          think you might like. enjoy!










jazz!
larry dunlap
                            quintet plays jazz impressions
                            of amandio cabral
                            songs





                        why not forever
larry dunlap
piano solos
                        music by amandio
                        cabral





jazz das ilhas / island jazz
just released. jazz impressions of
														amandio cabral's music by various artists.





                        um caboverdeano satisfeito 
(a satisfied capeverdean)
songs of cabo verde composed
                            and sung by amandio
                            cabral





                        fly with my love
larry dunlap and his group interpret
														amandio cabral classics, including
														sodade.
















top
                     of page | order
                     form | 
news and interviews | 
other sites of interest |
                  send
                  email | contact web
                  person









