
















home page | alle guglie boutique venice hotel













































 

















skip to content







menu
 
 
 
 

book now







fr

it

en

de

 


                                                                close menu                                                        

home page
the hotel
rooms
breakfast
reach the hotel
photo
offers
live venice
bianco hotel group
 















special offers













data arrivo: 





data partenza: 





camere: 





persone: 




ospiti camera #2

persone: 




ospiti camera #3

persone: 




ospiti camera #4

persone: 











codice promo:




cancella / modifica prenotazione
























                                    scroll
                                    














book now





















a small boutique hotel with good taste and charm
discreet and refined, with a sincere and professional service. 
an authentic venetian house, reinterpreted in a modern key.
ideal for couples and adults who like to travel in a contemporary way and an excellent starting point in the centre of cannaregio from which to explore venice.
the hotels





rooms
each of our rooms has its own unmistakable personality, and in all of them, you will find the common thread of our most authentic design and our painstaking love of detail.











small double room
intimate and quiet, with contained spaces but equipped with all the comforts.

more details











classic double room
cosy and quiet, ideal for a comfortable and relaxing stay.

more details











superior double room
elegant and spacious, with a splendid view of strada nova and a glimpse of the ponte delle guglie.
ideal for a romantic and sophisticated stay.

more details











triple room
spacious and welcoming, with a real third bed available, for an unforgettable three-person holiday in the heart of venice.

more details













breakfast
our tasty breakfast is made up of a rich selection of sweet and savoury products. from delicious organic jams to assorted cured meats and cheeses, from grilled and seasonal vegetables to fresh fruit, from puff pastries to savoury pies, meticulous attention is paid to product quality.
more information

































































































"comfy, convenient stay"
we loved the location near train and water taxi stations, check in was easy and the staff was accommodating. softest bed and pillows that we had across four hotels during our trip! a/c was on in may! recommend!
katiedenler1 • tripadvisor


"wonderful stay in a beautiful city"
nice hotel with very good service, perfect between the tourist attractions and the quite neighborhoods. public transportation nearby. bathroom cleaned every day. you can make your own choice between opening the window or the climatisation. safe storage of luggage after check-out.
elsmetsmaak • tripadvisor


"great stay"
stay was perfect. hotel is great located, has a plenty of shops and restaurants around. it is easy to get to the attractions even on foot. it was extremely clean, service was kind and helpful during whole stay. for some of us it was first time in this hotel, some of us were there second time but i’m pretty sure it won’t be last time for any of us. really hope to go there again one day
danielk98pl • tripadvisor


"very nice boutique hotel!"
it was a nice suprise to find this small boutique hotel just about 7 minutes (walking) from the trainstation st.lucia in venice. if you have a room to the back, it’s very quiet. room was modern and clean, comfortabel bed. staff was very friendly and helpful. there is even a bathroom for guests who check out at midday but leave in the envening.
skarre538528 • tripadvisor












reach the hotel
alle guglie boutique hotel, an elegant, charming residence in venice, is...



discover






live venice
our guide on every event and curiosity of...



discover






special offers
discover our special offers



discover










special deal for a 4 nights minimun stay and a 60 days early booking.

booking with us worth if you make it in advance!


this sensual and romantic offer is for a double superior reservation and 3 nights minimum stay.

i love you













social







partner







contatti
alle guglie boutique hotel
p.iva 03229600279
ponte delle guglie, cannaregio 1523 - 30121 venezia, italia
cin: it027042a15p5cvubh

					      															      	t . +39.041.717351
					      					      														      	f . +39.041.717715
info@hotelalleguglie.com

© 2025 hotel alle guglie
normativa privacy
normativa utilizzo cookies
website made in italy by meetodo
































