








first unitarian church welcomes you! - first unitarian church of cincinnati




























































skip to content





search for:




search










google map
 
contact us the first unitarian church of cincinnati
536 linton street
cincinnati, ohio 45219
513 281-1564
administrator@firstuu.com










first unitarian church of cincinnati
our uu community welcomes all with love 



facebook youtube 
give
contact us

10 a.m. sunday services







toggle navigation
menu 



main navigation
 who we are 

who we are
our beliefs
our mission & vision
our board of trustees
our governance
our minister and staff
our location
our facilities – rentals


 news 

news
calendar of events
upcoming events
current newsletter
in the uu-verse
job openings


 worship 

our worship

upcoming worship services
past worship services


what to expect in worship
holidays and traditions
music and choir
life events


 learning 

lifespan faith development overview
tools for the journey
family faith development
adult faith development


connect & engage 

social justice advocacy
social justice – public witness -blog

social justice public witness


visit us
become a member
our display wall
volunteer
give


our community 

community

first u with the uua


congregational care
affinity groups
our history
our social media

members area


our organization
our bylaws


 








first unitarian church welcomes you!


we are a liberal religious haven, sustained by tradition, boldly seeking justice and gently transforming lives through deeds great and small.

all of our sunday morning services (10am) are streamed (and recorded) live on youtube. you can access our youtube channel at this link: https://www.youtube.com/c/firstunitarianchurchofcincinnati/featured

upcoming services
february 23: “caught in an evangelical time warp,” dwayne smith
this is the story of carson dodge, an 11-year-old evangelical boy from wichita, kansas, in 1967.  carson’s older brothers mysteriously disappear in november 1966, and no one remembers them except him.  his church’s bad boy helps him to conclude they are caught in a time warp 50 years in the future.  as carson learns about what is occurring in his country in 2017 he becomes concerned and worried about what has happened to his people (the evangelicals).
march 2: “love’s wit to win,” dr. alexander riegel
unitarian universalists have a long-standing history of non-creedalism and social justice.  in sum, these two aspects of our liberal religious tradition have implied radical inclusivity.  that is, no one has been turned away because of their beliefs or their identity.  is unitarian universalism as radically inclusive today as it has been historically?
march 9: “when i’m gone,” dr. alexander riegel
life can sure seem like one long hustle and bustle at times!  and in the midst of all that hustle and bustle, we can actually forget to live life!  this sunday is an opportunity to reflect on how much we let life pass us by and recommit ourselves actually to live the precious lives we’ve been given.

all are welcome to join our services.  we gather every sunday at 10:00 a.m. join us in person or watch online on our youtube channel:https://www.youtube.com/c/firstunitarianchurchofcincinnati/videos.for more information email member-care@firstuu.com 



we are a caring unitarian universalist community in the centrally located avondale neighborhood of cincinnati. we meet in a warm and graceful building, circa 1889, for worship services that nourish spiritual growth and learning throughout life. a self-governed congregation in good standing with the unitarian universalist association, we are an active force for positive change through a variety of activities that serve our members and our community. 
if you are a member here, an internet traveler or a spiritual searcher, if you are experiencing hard times and need a hand up or are a social justice advocate, come to first church and share in the celebration of life’s journey. we cherish human diversity, the differences in sex, age, race, ethnicity, national origin, range of abilities, sexual orientation, gender identity, financial means, education, theology and political perspective. these values apply to all of the activities of our congregation.



come, come, whoever you are!


our doors are open!



section navigation





visit us visit us for sunday service at 10 a.m. eastern time, in-person or online.
use our space first unitarian church has a beautiful sanctuary with a high-tech a/v system and other facilities that are available for rent. perfect for weddings and musical events!
give now give now through breeze click
giving to first church is easy. here are some other ways. click
office hours click here for our currrent hours in the office.
members only login table of 1st unitarian church’s organization & information 
members click here to access table
breeze connection members click here to access breeze
search our site


search for:




search










 


contact us the first unitarian church of cincinnati
536 linton street
cincinnati, ohio 45219
513 281-1564
administrator@firstuu.com
information ~~ this month’s events calendar ~~

donate, make a pledge or pay a pledge
~~~~ this month’s newsletter ~~~~
join us for worship sunday morning @ 10:00 a.m. in-person or
online any time at our youtube channel.
~~~~~directions to our church~~~~~








				© 2025 first unitarian church of cincinnati				


facebook youtube 


















