









the deaf resource library




  [home page] 
  [deaf resources] [gps]  [photoethnography] 
   
the deaf resource library





 


what is the deaf resource library?
the deaf resource library (http://www.deaflibrary.org)
is a virtual library -- an online collection of reference material
and links intended to educate and inform people about deaf cultures in
japan and the united states; as well as deaf and hard of hearing related
topics. while i have a bias towards cultural deaf models, i have tried 
to include more material about hard of hearing issues as well.
the information is collected here as a service to the deaf, hard of hearing, 
  and hearing communities. i gladly welcome contributions to this online library 
  by e-mail (contributions <at> deaflibrary.org). however, i am unfortunately not 
  able to respond to e-mailed questions about deaf culture or deaf society. i would kindly suggest asking the research 
  librarian at your local college for assistance. 
 you'll get an auto-reply back
when you send me e-mail, you might want to read it here first! 
another great source of everything to do about deafness can be found at the laurent clerc national deaf education center information on deafness web site. please check it out if you think i'm missing anything.
please, please notify me (brokenlinks <at> deaflibrary.org) if you notice any 
  broken, moved, or outdated links. it's only with the help of others that i'm 
  able to keep track of these many links. please note that if it's not listed 
  here or if the link is broken, i don't know where it moved to. 
  please try google 
  and if you find the link, please e-mail me it to me. please note that i might not be able to update the site or respond to your e-mail immediately, but i'll do my best to remove dead links and add any new information that comes in.
  











 search www  search deaflibrary.org 




who am i?
the deaf resource library was created in 1995 and is being maintained by myself, karen nakamura. i'm  
  an associate professor of anthropology and east asian studies at yale university. i've 
  been studying disability culture, history, and political/social movements in japan 
  and the united states for the past decade. please visit my 
  academic home page at yale  for more information about my academic background 
  and courses that i teach. 

deaf bibliographies
 these bibliographies were mainly for my own research purposes way, way back in 1995-98. i 
recoded the general bibliography to include a general reading list. i also strongly
recommend visiting amazon.com
and typing in "deaf" as a search topic.
 i haven't added to these bibliographies in the past several years decade, so they're a bit (quite? severely?) out of date. 

general deaf bibliography (non-japan) 
 with "top ten best reads" on the deaf community    
	
japanese deaf bibliography 


deaf community resources
these are some community resources for deaf, hard-of-hearing, their
relatives, friends, etc.



about american sign language (asl) 



about  japanese sign language (jsl)



  letters to the editor (me) about the deaf community
		 includes a series about fire safety and interconnecting ttys and modems
	


 deaf magazines and newsletters from all across the u.s. (includes telephone (tdd) directories as well)
	


  mail order catalogues and companies that cater to deaf/deaf/hoh communities, their family, friends, terps, and so forth
	


about deaf-blind issues and links to deaf-blind resources
	


keeping www pages accessible -- a http programmer's guide
	


deaf related network resources
quickie index

national/state organizations of the deaf
deaf culture / cultural deaf www pages
schools and universities for the deaf (u.s.)
schools and universities for the deaf (japan)
schools and universities for the deaf (other)
organizations of/for the deaf
deaf/asl clubs

other deaf www resources
linguistics / sociolinguistics of asl
deaf kids and their parents
churches/ministries/synagogues of the deaf, for the deaf
deaf gays, lesbians, and bisexuals
interpreting 
captioning
americans with disabilities act (ada)
technological innovations / educational software for the deaf
news articles re: the deaf community
resources for the hard of hearing and late deafened
gopher sites and ftp resources for the deaf 
deaf mailing lists, newsgroups, and online magazines
home pages of members of the deaf community
deaf owned businesses



national/state organizations of the deaf, for the deaf


australia: australian association of the deaf

australia: victorian council of deaf people 

canada: canadian association of the deaf
	finland: finnish association of the deaf (finnish only)
	hong kong, china: hong kong association of the deaf
	iceland :icelandic deaf organization
jamaica: jamaica association of the deaf 
japan: japanese federation of the deaf
korean:  seoul national school for the deaf alumni association
latvia: latvian association of the deaf
malaysia: malaysia federation of the deaf
malaysia: kuala lumpur (malaysia) society of the deaf home page
malta: malta national association for the young deaf
netherlands:  dovenschap
norway: norwegian deaf federation
singapore: singapore association of the deaf
spain: federacio de sords de catalunya (fesoca)
			-- "our federation is at the city of barcelona (spain, europe) and gives different services to deaf
				people of the spaniard province called catalunya (spain)."
	spain: arans-bur -- a "parents of 
			deaf people's organisation" in burgos (spain)  
	sweden: swedish national association of the deaf
taiwan: taipei deaf association
taiwan: the national women's league foundation for the hearing impaired in taiwan (chinese language only)
	united kingdom: british deaf association
usa: national association of the deaf (nad) -- the national organization for deaf in the u.s.
	usa: u.s. deaf skier's association
usa: deaf and hard of hearing in government (dhhig) -- organization of deaf and hard of
					hearing employees of the federal government
	usa:  national asian deaf congress - represents deaf asian-americans
	usa-hi: hawaii center for the deaf and blind
usa-il:  west suburban association of the deaf -- deaf organziation in chicago, illinois
	usa-nc/sc:deafcarolina home page
usa-ny: ithaca hearing loss resources
usa-pa: york-h-burg - deafcentral pennsylvania non-profit organization.    
	usa-ut: utah assocation of the deaf
usa-wi: wisconsin deaf sports club
world:  international martial arts federation of the deaf (imafd)
	world: world recreation association of the deaf (wrad)
world: http://www.deaflympics.com/ - international committee of sports for the deaf, or the deaf olympics, formerly called  comitã© international des sports des sourds, ciss (the international committee of sports for the deaf).    
      



deaf culture / cultural deaf www sites

canada:canadian cultural society of the deaf
canada: deafconnect -- another deaf directory
	china/hong kong/taiwan: chinese deaf homepage
hong kong: hong kong deaf homepage
israel: omer zak's deaf-l faq -- required reading for the hard-of-deaf among us
japan:deaf union home page  -- from japan, a new cultural deaf resource
	japan:tokuda masaaki's japanese sl & deaf resources
korea:korean deaf www -- in english and korean -- neat!
	korea:plaza of deaf
netherlands: dutch homepage for the deaf
switzerland: pisourd.ch -- " un site destinã© aux sourds, aux parents d'enfants sourds, aux professionnels de la surditã© ainsi qu'ã  toute personne concernã©e ou/et interessã©e par la surditã©"            switzerland: www.mains-dire.org- - les mains pour le dire     
    uk: deafclub.co.uk - list of uk deaf/bsl related sites
    usa: deafzone
usa: deaf professional network - "an independent group which seeks to empower its subscribers to achive their professional and business goals" 
    usa: national theatre of the deaf
usa:  deaf joke of the month
usa:  deafology 101 -- comedy entertainment by "prof. glick" 
	usa: deafspot.net - the only real deaf web portal
usa: deafie.com  -  deaf events & classified listings    
  usa: deafpassions.com - dating advice, social networking, partner finding, etc for deaf    
  usa: deafwebsites.com - link list    
  usa: gallypost.com  - forum for gallaudet students    
  usa: audism.org  - site that explores concept of prejudice based upon hearing status    
  usa: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deaf  
  - -  the constantly evolving definition of "deaf" on wikipedia
  usa-tx: dallas fort worth deaf home page
usa-wa: deafweb washington -- detailed info regarding government, business,  and services available for the deaf and hard of hearing in washington state   	
	usa: deaf directory -- where to find your friends
    usa: chiromeme: illuminating deaf perspectives - news and info affecting the deaf community 



schools and universities (u.s.)

general: list of schools for the deaf from the national deaf education network and clearinghouse
	general:  laurent clerc national deaf education center
al: alabama institute for deaf and blind (talladega, al)
   	az:  phoenix day school for the deaf -- phoenix
   	az: arizona state university -- asl courses
    az: arizona state schools for the deaf and the blind -- student developed site! see also 
			their related outreach services
ca:  california state university, northridge -- an extremely deaf-friendly university with a large deaf population
  	ca:  calif. school for the deaf, riverside
ca:  orange county department of education regional deaf and hard of hearing program
  			-- mainstreaming program for deaf/hoh students in deerfield - venado - university area schools
  	ca:  cal. school for the deaf at fremont -- sign
 	ca:   cal. school for the deaf at riverside -- sign
 	ca:  cchat center sacramento  -- oral
 	ca:  cchat center san diego -- oral
  	co: magnet school for the deaf (colorado)
co: colorado school for the deaf and blind
ct:  american school for the deaf -- the first school for the deaf in the united states (k-12)
	dc: gallaudet university --  the world's only liberal arts university for the deaf
	dc: kendall demonstration elementary school

dc: model secondary school for the deaf (a part of gallaudet university)
	de: delaware school for the deaf and blind
fl: florida school for the deaf and the blind
fl: saint petersburg junior college in clearwater
			-- established in 1966, and one of the first postsecondary institutions serving deaf students
	fl: clark school for the deaf -- jacksonville, oral
	fl:  the charter school of tampa bay academy -- riverview
	ga: atlanta speech school -- oral
    id: idaho school for the deaf
il: center on deafness - northbrook     
    il: illinois school for the deaf
il: child's voice -- metropolitan chicago, oral
	il:  saint joseph institute for the deaf  -- branches at st. louis, urbana, overland park
	in: indiana school for the deaf
ks: kansas school for the deaf
la: louisiana school for the deaf
la: chinchuba institute -- marrero, oral    
	ma: the learning center for deaf children homepage
ma: beverly school for the deaf -- see/oral/asl school for the deaf in beverly, ma
		 
		-- (unofficial) history of the beverly school for the deaf
ma: clark school for the deaf -- branches in northhampton and canton ma, oral
  ma: horace mann school for the deaf -- boston, sign
  ma: perkins school for the blind -- watertown, deaf-blind
  md: maryland school for the deaf
md:  montgomery county public schools
mi:  michigan school for the deaf -- flint  
  mn: apollo high school
mn: metro school for the deaf -- st. paul
  mn:  minnesota state academy for the deaf  -- faribault
  mo: central institute for the deaf (a strongly oral school that counts heather whitestone as an alumn)
  mo: missouri school for the deaf
mo:  saint joseph institute for the deaf  -- branches at st. louis, urbana, overland park
  ms:  mississippi school for the deaf -- jackson
  mt:  montanta school for the deaf  -- great falls
  nc: north carolina school for the deaf -- morganton
  nc: central north carolina school for the deaf -- raleigh
  nj: marie katzenbach school for the deaf
nj:  lake drive school for deaf and hard of hearing children --  mountain lakes
  nj:  passaic county technical institute in new jersey:  north jersey's regional center for the deaf & hearing impaired

nm:  new mexico school for the deaf --  santa fe
  ny: national technical institute for the deaf (ntid) -- part of rochester institute for technology
  ny: ntid high technology center for electronic publishing and imaging
  ny: cleary school for the deaf -- nesconset 
  ny:  lexington school for the deaf -- jackson heights nyc
  ny:  mill neck manor school for the deaf -- mill neck
  ny: new york school for the deaf -- white plains
  ny: rochester school for the deaf -- rochester
  ny: st. francis de sales - brooklyn
  ny: st. mary's school for the deaf -- buffalo
  oh: ohio school for the deaf -- columbus, ohio
			
oh:  st. rita school for the deaf in cincinnati, ohio (founded 1915)
  ok:  oklahoma school for the deaf -- sulphur
  or: oregon school for the deaf -- salem
  pa: pennsylvania school for the deaf 
pa: de paul insitute  -- pittsburgh, oral
  pa: scranton state school for the deaf -- scranton
  pa: western pennsylvania school for the deaf   -- pittsburgh
  ri: rhode island school for the deaf 
sc: south carolina school for the deaf and blind -- spartanburg
  sd: south dakota school for the deaf
tn: tennessee school for the deaf
tn: west tennessee school for the deaf -- jackson
  tx: sunshine cottage school for the deaf -- in san antonio
  tx: jean massieu academy - first charter school for deaf in tx (arlington)
  tx: texas school for the deaf
tx:  regional day school for the deaf -- amarillo
  tx: hearing school of the southwest - dallas 
  ut: utah schools for the deaf
va: virginia school for the deaf and the blind
vt:  austine school for the deaf -- brattleboro
  wa: washington school for the deaf -- also try this link
wi: wisconsin school for the deaf   -- delevan  

misc. u.s. education related sites

 international deaf education and advancement fund -- a scholarship fund deaf and hard of
		hearing students from developing countries who demonstrate financial
		need, maintain an above-average grade point average, and are committed
		to returning home to help their deaf communities in educational or
		social advancement 

	council on the education of the deaf web site  at kent state
	college and career programs for deaf students (9th edition) -- by gallaudet research institute
	outreach services -- the educational outreach component of gallaudet's pre-college programs

schools offering graduate deaf education programs
i am much indebted to monica vance for sending this information -- karen

usa: directory of deaf ed. teacher preparation programs
higher education programs for personnel preparation in hearing impairments/deafness in the united states
 listing of graduate schools -- "here you have to search by the topic "special education" and then by the
desired region of the u.s. you are interested in. i don't recommend this one
b/c not all the schools list that they offer a deaf ed. program. i only found
8 in the u.s. on this site and that was way off" -- monica vance



schools and universities (japan)

chiba: tsukuba technical college for the deaf
kobe: kobe school for the deaf (with english summary)
   osaka: osaka city school for the deaf
tokyo: tsubuku university school for the deaf
tokyo:  nihon rouwa gakkou -- the oldest private, oral school for the deaf in japan
  


schools and universities (other)

australia: prince edward junior school for the deaf -- victoria, australia
	canada: newfoundland school for the deaf web page
india:  mgr school and home for the speech and hearing impaired - chennai (madras), india
	malaysia: list of malaysian schools for the deaf -- provided by the malaysian federation of the deaf
    south africa: deaf ed at university of the witwatersrand, johannesburg sa 
s. korea:  seoul national school for the deaf (alumni association)
   	singapore: singapore school for the deaf
u.k.:  yorkshire residential school for the deaf / doncaster college for the deaf


scholarships

coda: the millie brother scholarship
deaf: nad scholaships
deaf: agbell scholarship
deaf: gallaudet national essay contest 
usa-oh: dorothy e. ann fund -- supports deaf activities in the ohio area
   

these are  the only scholarships that i know of. (please don't e-mail me asking if i know of
any others because if i knew about them, i'd put them here). if you know of a scholarship that isn't listed,
please e-mail and let me know. 


deaf/asl clubs and asl related

usa-az:  university of arizona's sign language association (sla) only
		has an e-mail address for now: 
 rmaliszeu.arizona.edu
usa-ca:  cal state @ hayward's sada (student advocates for deaf awareness) only
		has an e-mail address for now: 
sadacsuhayward.edu
usa-wa: 


      asluw.html
       
      -- asl
						club at university of washington (seattle, wa)




organizations for the deaf

canada: canadian hearing society -- for deaf, deaf, hoh	
  india:  maharashtra deaf fellowship of india
uk: deaflingual.com - "communication and translation, deaf awareness training, british sign language tutoring and media services"
  usa: ascdeaf.com - "alternative solutions center is a deaf-owned and operated psychotherapy and consulting practice staffed by licensed professional therapists."  
   usa: international hearing dog - " we train dogs to assist people that are deaf and hearing impaired at no cost to them.â  our organization places dogs all over the united states.â  the dogs help assist with alerting a person to sounds in their home and working environment."
  usa: national center to improve practice (ncip) in special education through technology, media and materials -- "promotes the effective use of technology to enhance education outcomes for students with sensory, cognitive, physical, and social/emotional disabilities
  usa: institute for disabilities, research, and training (idrt) -- "?innovative research and development for people with special needs"
  usa: dogs for the deaf -- non-profit organization that professionally trains rescued dogs to assist hard of hearing and deaf individuals
  usa:  mn chemical dependency program for deaf and hard of hearing individuals -- treats people from all over the u.s., not just minnesotans
  usa:  center for diseases control and prevention national aids hotline's tty service (click on national aids hotline link to get to the tty service page)
  usa:  center for the prevention of sexual and domestic violence has released 
   					broken vows-religious perspectives on domestic violence in open caption format
  usa: deaf empowerment's mission is to empower deaf and hard of hearing individuals to lead more productive lives through advocacy, education and community involvement
  usa:alldeaf.com  - forum for the deaf 
  usa: adara is the american deafness and rehabilitation association. they publish a professional journal called the journal of the american deafness and rehabilitation association or jadara.  
  usa: http://www.k12academics.com/ushers_syndrome.htm - a website devoted to providing resourceful information for a number of topics in education and disabilities and disorders ... with an information page for usher syndrome including signs & symptoms, history & cause, usher syndrome i, ii & iii, support services, special education schools & books for the genetic impairment.
  usa-ak: university of arkansas rehabilitation research and training center
for persons who are deaf or hard of hearing
usa-az: arizona council for the hearing impaired home
  usa-ca: los angeles metropolitan committee on deafness
usa-ca: abilities network -- needs outreach - d/hh website providing local, state, and national resourcesb  
  usa-ga: gachi - georgia council for the hearing impaired
usa-fl: national deaf academy -- " a unique residential treatment facility for deaf and hard of hearing children, adolescents and adults"
  usa-il: illinois service resource center -- " the coordination center for services for children throughout the state of illinois who are deaf or hard of hearing and exhibit behavioral and mental health challenges"        usa-ks: kpahic -- kansas parents association for deaf and hard of hearing children 
 	usa-ma: promoting awareness in healthcare, medical & deaf (p.a.h., m.d.)
    usa-ma: boston center for independent living, has just been awarded a contract that allows us to offer free specialized telecommunications equipment to all eligible applicants in massachusetts.     
    usa-mi: michigan association for deaf, hearing and speech services
usa-mn: department of human services / deaf and hard of hearing services
usa-nd: north dakota cpd realtime online captioning
usa-ny: the new york city access resource guide for the deaf, deaf-blind and hard of hearing "provides a comprehensive listing of resources throughout the five boroughs available for deaf, deaf-blind, and hard of hearing people, their families, and service providers." 
usa-ny: promoting awareness in healthcare, medical & deaf (p.a.h., m.d.; university of rochester chapter)
    usa-ny: western new york deaf adult services
usa-tx: deaf action center
usa-va: northern virginia resource center for deaf and hard of hearing persons -- provides information & referral, education, advocacy and training for deaf and hoh folks in  northern va
	usa-va: veditz chapter of american sign language teachers association (vaslta) --  northern virginia
usa-wa: hearing, speech & deafness center
usa-wy: cathedral home for children in laramie runs a residential treatment program for troubled deaf and hard-of-hearing children



other world wide web resources

disabled people's international
canada: the signer's network --
   			"news, info & support for canadians who use american sign language"
	japan: handicap information resources in japan
japan: access resource group in japan -- not much deaf/deaf resources, mostly other physical handicaps
singapore: singapore's project hiit (internet for the hearing impaired) www site
	usa: gallaudet research institute
usa: gallaudet's center for assessment and demographic studies
usa:  gallaudet's technology access program
usa: national institute on deafness and other communication disorders (nidcd) hereditary hearing impairment resource registry
usa: mrdeaf-l network for mentally retarded and deaf people    
   	usa: evan kemp associates'  disabilities  resource page
usa: dr. dave's deaf links
usa:  about.com: deafness/hard of hearing -- by jamie berke
	usa: the rockefeller university study of the genetics of non-syndromic hearing loss -- contains information on the etiology and
genetics of non-syndromic hearing loss

	usa: real world success --
		"professional development and success motivation services for the deaf and hard of hearing individuals"
	
	usa: handycrap -- "special needs" resource appears to be a tongue-in-cheek
		listing of disability resource pages
	usa-co: western disabilities network -- a colorado based disabilities consulting/information service
usa-fl:  cindy's tampa homepage of asl and deaf culture
usa-md: wyndholme village -- a deaf and hard of hearing senior community located in
baltimore maryland

  usa-mi: deaf community's web pageincluding the 
		deaf michigander



linguistics / sociolinguistics of sign languages
please see my own pages on american sign language and
japanese sign language

sign language assessment web site -- "review on different sign language assessments and provides information on test development and testing"
   international bibliography of sign languages
deaf sign language from ethnologue
  signstream is a database tool for analysis of linguistic data captured on video and a product of the asllrp (above).
  australia: auswrite -- notation system for auslan
  france: research on french sign language (lsf) at university lyon ii
  france: cybersigns project -- online sign language dictionary! -- and a link for frames compatible viewers here
germany:  hamborg notation for sign language (hamnosys)
japan: shuwa jiten -- online japanese sign language dictionary
  new zealand: sign linguistics resource index 
spain: biblioteca de signos -- online spanish sign language library
  sweden: department of sign language at stockholm university
usa: asl: fact and fancy -- "text and pictures are copied from an out-of-print booklet that dispells seven common myths about asl"
		
usa: aslquest.com - a resource for asl literature 
  usa: sign writing is a way of writing sign languages down on paper
  usa: asl fonts
usa: handspeak: an online asl dictionary
usa: a basic asl dictionary -- by the master's tech  -- emphasis on *basic 
usa: alysse rasmussen's excellent list of asl resources
usa: american sign language linguistic research project (asllrp) ---  a
			collaborative research project, involving researchers at boston
			university, dartmouth college, gallaudet university, and rutgers
			university.
  usa: signing online 
also see slling-l mailing list below.

asl/fingerspelling guides
note that most sign language teachers do not recommend learning fingerspelling by individual letters and
	also remember that fingerspelling is not the same as asl

usa: i love languages has the best guide to programs on the web
	usa: chris niemeyer fingerspelling
	-- "read text as if it were being fingerspelled"    
	usa: gg wiz's fingerspeller (requires netscape 4.0 or internet explorer 4.0 & 5.0)



resources for deaf kids (and their parents)

internet resources for special children
usa: kwdn family involvement weblink resource library
usa: kidsworld deaf net weblink library on transition
usa:  signing time -- a fun resource for teaching asl to hearing and deaf kids	
	usa: brainpop produces captioned online, animated educational films for children in grades k-12
    
	usa: irdt has a new sign language cd-rom for kids
usa: sign with your baby is a new book by joseph garcia that recommends teaching
			sign language to both hearing and deaf babies, quite interesting!
	usa: kidscore.com -- open captioned books on video
    usa: rosie's walk -- a new cd-rom educational software package for deaf/hoh children (in both asl and see, cool!)
  usa: where do we go from hear? -- created by parents of deaf and hard-of-hearing children to provide information and support to other parents    
  usa: signit2 -- promotes idea of spreading sign language to all kids (hearing and deaf, disabled and non-disabled alike)
  usa:  english materials for deaf and esl students
usa-il: illinois service resource center -- " the coordination center for services for children throughout the state of illinois who are deaf or hard of hearing and exhibit behavioral and mental health challenges"
  usa-nc:  beginnings -- for parents of children who are deaf or hard of hearing, inc.



resources for deaf gays, lesbians, and bisexuals


usa: rainbow alliance of the deaf -- national deaf gay and lesbian organization
   usa: deaf queer resource center
usa-northwest: northwest deaf gay and lesbian club



churches/ministries/synagogues of the deaf, for the deaf


canada:  canadian deaf ministries
india:  maharashtra deaf fellowship of india

japan: japanese deaf evangel mission
usa: commissioned believers deaf ministry
usa: national catholic organization of the deaf
usa: deaf reformed ministries -- religious deaf organization lead by deaf leaders.
  
  usa: deaf friends international -- part of workers for jesus
  
  usa: mighty deaf warriors ministry
usa: signing his praises
usa-il: hebrew seminary for the deaf (illionois)   
  usa-ms: lutheran church missouri synod deaf missions
usa-ny:  beth el synagogue in new rochelle offers services, classes, and
			programs to jewish deaf people in westchester county. contact
			 jonathan meyer (
jdmjdm.net; fax 914-699-6954) for details.



interpreting / relaying

usa: registry of interpreters for the deaf (rid) home page
   	  
this should be the first place to check if you're interested in becoming a terp.
      
usa: sign language associates -- sign language interpreters agency
   usa: sign language connections, inc -- sign language interpreters agency and closed-captioning
     usa: i711 - internet relay service     
	 usa-co: asl master tutor - asl tutoring and evaluation service in colorado
	 usa-dc: partners in sign -- a sign language interpreting agency located in washington, d.c
    usa-dc: viscom interpreting - washington dc         
    usa-il/mo: deaf way interpreting servics (st. louis)
    usa-md: maryland relay -- tty relay service
	usa-md:  visual language interpreting -- interpreting agency in the d.c. metro area and beyond
	usa-md: birnbaum interpreting services
usa-nc: deaf access, inc. -- interpreter agency in raleigh
	usa-ny: deaf & hard of hearing interpreting services, inc.  -- terp service in long island, ny
 	usa-sc: communication access network, inc. -- 
   		"sign language interpreter services company headquartered in charleston, sc"
   also see terps-l mailing list below



captioning 

usa: asl access -- organization promoting
				video resources in public libraries
    usa: vicaps - a guide to closed captioning technology

usa: nationalcourt reporters association (ncra)    	    
    usa: brainpop produces online, animated educational films for children in grades k-12    
    usa: captioned media program 
   				-- "provides free-loan captioned films/videos service to deaf/hoh,
					parents, teachers, and others working with deaf/hoh; provides free
					captioning information to media producers/distributors and others;
					provides listings of captioning agencies; and evaluates captioning
					agencies who perform open-captioned work for the u.s. department of
   education."    
    usa: captioned films/videos program -- loans captioned films and videos to deaf/hoh
  
  usa: open captioned classics -- captioned videos on dvd   
  usa: sign language connections, inc -- sign language interpreters agency and closed-captioning
  usa: closed captioning web
usa: the verbatim court reporters center contains a searchable database of competent, professional court reporting, realtime, captioning and other related support services.
				     vrc also serves as a world-wide resource for members 
				     of the deaf, hard of hearing, and late-deafened communities seeking 
				     to locate realtime and/or captioning services.
  usa: wgbh educational foundation which includes
        the caption center
usa: si video open captioning -- sells open captioned videos
  usa:  g&g video - ccmaker -- adds captions to videos
  usa-oh: in touch services, inc -- realtime and video captioning for the central/southwestern ohio
area



americans with disabilities act (ada)

usa: ada document center



technological innovations

apple assistive technologies home page
    www.windmillworks.com - created several software programs for deaf and hard of hearing students  that employ matching games to reinforce vocabulary and syntactic  structures.
     omer zak's tty faq -- including info on how to connect a pc to a tty (last updated in 1997....)
    http://www.signgenius.com - a software company specializing in the development of educational sign language software.
japan: itec has started an online japanese sign language course



news articles

bella online --
   	weekly feature articles and links, primarily on educational issues but also includes deaf culture, technology, etc....
   nurseweek's hearing loss: the hidden epidemic
   		-- written by two rn's who are hearing impaired (their terminology); the article gives
   		a good description of adult onset hearing loss; although is scant on the concept
   		of being culturally deaf.
   christian science monitor article on 
   asl gaining in foreign language classrooms
	-- very nicely written
   article on asl as a foreign language



resources for the hard-of-hearing (hoh) & late-deafened


auditory-verbal international
the deaf education option web
league for the hard of hearing
international federation for the hard of hearing
healthy hearing -- "information on hearing aids, hearing loss and hearing healthcare"
		
audiology online -- "information on hearing aids, hearing loss and hearing healthcare"
		
beauty of hearing aids chat group -- hosted by yahoo!
   italy: audies web
		-- brought to you by the national association for 
		the fight against deafness and the defence of hard of hearing and late deafened people
 united kingdom: hearing concern
   		 (the british association of the hard of hearing) is
		the national organisation in the uk run by and for hard of hearing,
		partially deaf and late deafened people
	usa:  shhh- self-help for the hard of hearing -- one of the largest and best organizations
		for the hard of hearing in the u.s.
	usa:  association of late deafened adults, inc. (alda)
usa:   beyond-hearing web site
usa:  the deafened people page
usa: i see what you say -- an instructional video to help people with hearing loss learn how to lip read
 	usa-dc: alexander graham bell association
usa-mo: st. joseph institute for the deaf
usa-nc:  nc-shhh web site
usa-tn: nashville shhh


cued speech info


cued speech info
listen up
 alternatives in education for the hearing 
impaired -- cued speech center in the mid-west
    cued language network of america
dailycues.com
cuetah
cued speech products and materials
cued speech information
language matters, inc.
testing, evaluation and certification unit (tecunit)



gopher pages and ftp sites

australia: deafness resources australia gopher
 	usa: the social sciences gopher at marvel.loc.gov 
usa: the olivetti disability gopher
usa: the handicapped news archive (ftp)
  	usa-dc: the gopher at gallaudet university 
usa-mi: the deaf gopher at michigan state university
 	usa-va: the green gopher at ecosys.drdr.virginia.edu



mailing lists, newsgroups, and online magazines

barry strassler produces deafdigest and deafsportzine, to subscribe send him an 
barryclark.net.
   	-- informed consent warning: there have been some complaints of mr. stassler involuntarily adding ("spamming") people onto  his e-mail list and refusing to
   		take them off.
nathan prugh is the editor of 
	deaf magazine.
	 it has a 
	www page, 
	ftp site, 
	and mailing list (to subscribe: mail to 
	

	listservlistserv.deaf-magazine.org, 
	leave subject blank, in body, type 
	"sub deaf-magazine firstname lastname").
   the usenet newsgroup and mailing list deaf-l (http://groups.yahoo.com/group/deaf-l/
)   the sign language linguistics list (slling-l) can be accessed either
			through its 
			web archive page or by 
			
			subscribing online.
	teachasl ... a listserv for teachers of asl. to subscribe  
listservadmin.humberc.on.ca
		no subject needed, body: sub teachasl yourfirstname yourlastname.
		it also has a webpage:  http://members.aol.com/alysser/teachasl.htm
edudeaf is for deaf, teachers of the deaf, and other professionals 
		working with the deaf.  also there are many parents of deaf children 
		online. to subscribe send a request to 

		listservukcc.uky.edu and then in the body of the letter type
		subscribe edudeaf. -- courtesy of ted mcdonald
   the terps-l mailing list (for interpreters whose working languages include a signed language) can be accessed by sending an e-mail message to 
listservadmin.humberc.on.ca with the message body saying "subscribe terps-l firstname lastname". leave the subject blank.
   "beyond hearing" appears to be a mailing list for hard of hearing,
       late deaf, and other folks. there are a bunch of professional people
       on it and many of the members belong to shhh (self-help for the hard
       of hearing). if you think this fits your interests, you
       can subscribe by mailing to "
majordomoacpub.duke.edu" with a blank 
       subject line and the message "subscribe beyond-hearing".  -- 
	thanks to arnold saslavsky
 deaf jokes  (www.deafvision.com/lists/deafjokes/) -- get a new deaf joke in your email box once a month!
	flash (www.deafvision.com/lists/flash) -- national news and announcement 'zine for the deaf lesbian, gay, bi and transgendered community.  published electronically since 1994.
	noise (network for overcoming increased silence effectively) is intended as a forum 
		to discuss topics of concern to hard of hearing/ deaf medical professionals (human 
		medicine, dental, nursing, veterinary, veterinary technicians, etc)
		world-wide.  it is also intended to be a means of support by linking hard of
		hearing/deaf medical professionals from various backgrounds and geographical
		regions.  noise will also be open to professionals closely affiliated to
		such individuals (i.e.: disability offices and schools of education) in
		order to allow these professionals a means of collecting information in
		order to assist hard of hearing/deaf medical professionals.  noise will also
		be open to hard of hearing/deaf students of at least fifteen (15) years of
		age, who are interested in a medical career.  this will allow such students
		a means for collecting information so they may make an educated decision
		about the feasibility of pursuing a medical career. to subscribe the noise mailing list, the interested party should send an
		e-mail message  to the administrative address: 
listserverlists.acs.ohio-state.edu with the body of the mail consisting of the following: 
 		subscribe noise firstname lastname -- thanks danielle n. rastetter
	the deaf uk mailing list is for all deaf uk people and is for
	discussion about deaf issues as well as stories, jokes, arguments,
	and other things related to the deaf community. to subscribe, mail to
	
deaf-uk-subscribemakelist.com.
	spain:infosord newsletter
		contains news about the spanish deaf community
   


home pages of members of the deaf community


canada: kathryn woodcock, ph.d., o.m.c., p.eng. --
		first deaf woman phd in engineering (!!)
   germany: markus maurer's home page -- german only
   japan: hidekatsu's home page
japan: seiji's home page --
            japan's famous  deaf motorbike champion! (japanese language)
   japan: k. sakai's home page 
   japan: sugawara's home page
   	
south africa: anton nel's home page in bedfordview, sa
   ukraine: slava's deaf page
usa:  ken arcia  -- beer and deafness pages ("not related" :)
   usa: omer zak's home
	page--a deaf electrical engineer in israel
   usa: dragonsani renteria --a deaf queer latina activist
   usa: plato's homepage --
	a pipe-wielding, basketball bouncing, ancient, deaf arizonan
   
friends of the deaf community

 tom brennan's sonic page -- audiologist who is blind



deaf-owned businesses


usa: deafnation -- store, online magazine, isp, and more
   	usa: deafvision, inc.  - professional web design and hosting services.  free hosting for deaf nonprofits.  deaf latina owned and operated.
   	usa: hearing aid online
usa: signsforintelligence
usa: the hearing stop    
   	
usa: www.buyasl.com  - sells many asl products such as asl dictionary dvds, and books, deaf education, and many more.    
   	usa: deaf resources    
   	- a family-owned online retailer of deaf and hoh products.... offer an extensive selection of assistive devices, educational materials, books, videos, clothing, jewelry, baby items, stationery, tote bags, and holiday-based gift baskets.usa-ca:  los angeles rubber works -- deaf culture & sign language rubber stamps
   	usa-md:  schwarz financial concepts
usa-md:  deafworks manufactures ttyscreener and low-cost ttys
	usa-ny: hand expressions -- custom clothing with transfers and embroidery; other deaf items
	usa-oh: deaf initiatives -- makes keepsake theme quilts from t-shirts
	usa-tx: magnix solutions --web designs, e-commerce



bonus: weird sites that have me crosslinked!


quebec's unofficial scuba page--- ?????
   seasigns -- asl for underwater communication
   web cafe's review of this site -- didn't even know about it!
   www virtual library anthropology -- as a "new direction" (phew!)
   

boring research orientated anthro url's
the deaf resource library is proud to be an anthrotech site of the week.
here are some anthropology resources for all of you out there:

anthropology virtual web
university of tokyo institute of social sciences web page 
www virtual library's list of social science webs
www virtual library's list of anthropology network resources
www virtual library's list of japanese network resources.
yahoo's web page of anthro (including archaeological) resources.
yahoo's web page of general social sciences resources.
ntt's list of www servers in japan.


little comments in italics are from the peanut
  gallery (me). the painting of two women is by renoir.
  

  the deaf resource library
  is a not-for-profit project that i've been running in my spare time since 1995 and i 
  receive no outside funding for its maintenance. 
  


  





this site deliberately netscape/explorer unenhanced for maximum accessibility.
to your right is the web access symbol (for people with disabilities)



 
 since february 11, 2005.

this page last updated on dec 21, 2014. 
copyright (c) 1995-2014 by karen nakamura. all rights reserved.





the deaf resource library is a winner of the deaf watch gold award as
well as  anthrotech site of the week
and as a "three star site" at the abc's of parenting.






