





llanidloes mid wales uk - a small town at the heart of wales












































welcome

visit llanidloes

what to do

sleep

eat, drink

shop

local llanidloes

your say










  






welcome   visit llanidloes   what to do   eat, drink, sleep, shop   local llani












llanidloes is at the heart of the ancient medieval kingdom of arwystli; the first town on the river severn and the gateway to the cambrian mountains of mid wales in the united kingdom.











 
 
 
 
welcome to llanidloes
we look forward to welcoming you to llanidloes and the cambrian mountains. you are assured of a warm welcome!
llanidloes is at the heart of the ancient medieval kingdom of arwystli; the first town on the river severn and the gateway to the cambrian mountains of mid wales.
 








at the ðŸ’š of wales
a warm welcome to all visitors to the mid wales town of llanidloes, the first town on the river severn. on this website you will discover a network of pages created by accommodation owners, tourist businesses and local business, clubs and associations who make the town and area such a  special and vibrant place to live and visit. here you will find a wide  variety of information, from accommodation options, up and coming events to outdoor activities.welcome to llanidloes wales!


find somewhere to stay

hotels, b&bs, self-catering, camping or glamping. please find details on many accommodation providers here: 

 llanidloes accommodation


 
eat or drink

whether you want to treat yourself to a three course meal, sunday lunch or a pot of tea, you will be able to find somewhere to suit you:
a link to all eating and drinking options in llanidloes including opening times:
 eating & drinking

 
how to travel to llanidloes

 visit llanidloes

 
visitors' book
john said "my aunt, barbara courtney was evacuated during the war from birkenhead to a farm in or near llanidloes. she attended a get together of evacuees some time in the 80s or 90s."
 visitors book



activites and events

 what to do

walking
there are over thirty separate routes around the town which are clearly way-marked and signposted. the national trails of glyndwr's way and the severn way also pass through llanidloes; fantastic opportunities to enjoy the countryside in hopefully splendid isolation.
 walking routes
free town walks
from june to september join local experts for a free guided walk of llanidloes.

 free town walks


 
shops in llanidloes
llanidloes has a variety of shops that you can while away your time in; whether you're looking for vintage clothing, walking boots, toys for the kids, old and new books, fair-trade food, or furniture; there's something for everyone.
 a link to all shops in llanidloes including opening times   a link to service businesses in llanidloes including contact info   
 

 
community meeting spaces

the community centre



 
explore our forests, lakes and mountains

the hafren forest



llyn clywedog



cambrian mountains


llanidloes town council

a warm welcome to all visitors to llanidloes from the town council. housed in the town hall, a listed building given to the town by the davies family of llandinam. the council represents all local residents. this website is designed to help all visitors to the town enjoy their stay. welcome!
llanidloes town council






 
visit llanidloes
travel to llanidloes






glaslyn



the old market hall



st. idloes church








welcome to llanidloes
home
visit llanidloes
what to do
sleep
eat, drink
shop
local llani


search








  
social
 llanidloes on facebook


who are we?
llanidloes town council
*seren web technologies
get in touch
your say
add your business
add your event


privacy policy / site map
© 2002 - 25   *seren web and llanidloes town council and powered by *seren web





privacy and cookie policy. this site uses cookies to ensure the best experience possible.by using this site, you agree to our use of cookies described in our cookie policy



