








welcome - american indian community house




























































































































home
about

governors island


events

calendar


work with us

jobs
volunteer
membership


donate
contact
search




menu


menu

 






previousnext123
welcome to the american indian community  house
the american indian community house (aich) is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization serving the needs of native americans residing in new york city.
aich was founded in 1969, by native american volunteers as a community-based organization, mandated to improve the status of native americans, and to foster inter-cultural understanding.
learn more


kevin tarrant scholarship

the kevin tarrant native/indigenous student scholarship is in the name of a long-time community leader of aich and founder of the silver cloud singers.

more details

aich appoints new executive director

aich is proud to announce the appointment of patricia tarrant as executive director of the american indian community house. patricia is an enrolled member of the three affiliated tribes (mandan / hidatsa / arikara) located on the fort berthold reservation in north dakota. she is a member of the flint knife clan. her parents are victoria yellow-wolf tarrant and samuel tarrant. she is the mother of a 13 year old daughter, gracie tarrant.
read more


collective voices: community talks

the american indian community house of new york city celebrates native american heritage month and honors elders in this video project.

 our location american indian community house
275 madison avenue
suite 2014
new york, ny 10016
646-355-8098

aich calendar check out the aich calendar!

donateclick here to donate to aichjoin our mailing list






email address






 







  

aich social media the american indian community house (aich) is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization serving the needs of native americans residing in new york city.join our mailing list






email address






 






our location 275 madison avenue
suite 2014
new york, ny 10016
646-355-8098







© 2025 · american indian community house · all rights reserved.  





 

scroll to top






































































