


matthew miller is now on the internet!















matthew miller is now on the internet!



recent interesting things


august 2024
                  it has come to my attention that i haven't posted my state of fedora
                  talks for, um, the last few years. i have fixed that now. find 2024, 2023,
                  and 2022 (and previous, of course)
                  right here.
               




a curated presentation of identity via selected links
work: fedora project leader and
            distinguished engineer at red hat
fedora stuff: fedora discussion,
            posts on fedora magazine,
            posts on the fedora community
               blog,
            slides and video from talks

previous work: harvard
               seas,
            boston university
               linux,
            the tiny isp a friend and i built
               and ran from 1995–1998
more: icebreaker (an action/puzzle game i wrote in the year
               2000),
            photography q&a,
            and other random hacking
crucial early internet communities:
            lugnet and rec.toys.lego,
            poster children "pkids" list.
            (see rose's book, play like a man: my life in
                  poster children!)
         


social media


mastodon at https://hachyderm.io/@mattdm. i may
               wander around a few different servers as things evolve,
               but for now this is "home".
i am also mattdm on keybase, and
               mattdm on github, and
               mattdm on gitlab, and
               many other places too.
            
sadly, i'm mattdm_fedora on reddit.
               plain "mattdm" was taken (by someone who is definitely not me).
i am the matthew miller (or, at least, matthewmiller) on linkedin, but mostly i just occasionally log in
               to click "accept" for any invites from people who look like they aren't
               recruiters, and to disconnect any recruiters that snuck through previously.
@mattdm on twitter — that's the real me, but i'm not active
               there anymore.
likewise, i'm (still) on facebook but i rarely use that... mostly for occasional local neighborhood
               group stuff. if you don't know me personally, that's not going to be interesting.



why open source / free software?
these days, linux operating systems and software are very slick, but it’s fair to say that they’re not
            always as full-featured or polished as proprietary alternatives.
            so, why bother? it’s not that difficulty is a
               virtue…
            in fact, we try to make it easy for everyone.
            the important thing is: this software belongs to us —
            and that includes you, no matter who you are. 
you can be a windows or mac os or photoshop user, you can be a power-user, you can be a super-fan,
            but these can never really be yours.
            even when you pay for them, you don’t really own them.
            even if you work for microsoft, apple, or adobe… you’re being paid to build something that belongs to the
            company.
            there’s nothing wrong with this, but it’s also not very exciting.
         
free and open source software is different.
            it’s licensed so that we all have the fundamental freedoms to use, learn from, and share these tools
            forever.
            this bring us together in a community that we are all together a part of —
            coders, testers, writers, designers, artists, organizers, and other contributors,
            but also users.
         there are no restrictions: you can be a part of this too.
            if you’re using fedora linux or firefox or krita or libreoffice, you already are!
            if not, you’re welcome to join, no matter your background, age, experience, ability, race or ethnicity, body
            type, gender identity or expression, or anything else.
            we’d love to have you — your participation will make our world of shared software
            objectively better for
               everyone.
         

plus, you know, you are an awesome human being.


about “matthew miller”
i prefer “matthew” to “matt” even though my handle is `mattdm` pretty much everywhere. the short story is
            that when i picked my username for my first vax/vms account on cedar.goshen.edu, my options were
            `mattdm` or `matthedm` and the latter seemed like extra typing. and it's too late to change now!
“matthew miller” is a rather common name. for example, almost none of these people are me. if you need
            to verify my identity in fancy cyber way, this is my gpg key.
my pronouns are he/him/his.
if you have any doubts as to my verified identity, please observe this blue check: ✓



if you would like to attempt to contact me
you could send me email. i try to keep up.
            mastodon or matrix might be better.
please note that i'm not really the best person for your fedora tech support requests — i don't know
            everything, and there is only one of me. please try
            ask fedora
            or fedora discussion.
         


if you would like to send me spam, please use catch@mattdm.org.
            i won't see mail sent to that address, so please don't use it to actually contact
            me.



