













aiu | ultrasound courses for doctors, nurses and allied health














































































































































































no items in your cartbrowse
















homecourses





australian courses 
anaestheticscardiaccritical careemergency (basic)emergency (advanced)lungmidwiferymusculoskeletalnephrology 
all courses >
course calendar >
 

 


. .

nursingobstetricspaediatricsradiologyrheumatologyrural medicinesonographyvascular all courses >
course calendar >

 


international courses 
singapore 


martinoli ultrasound 
martinoli coursesvideo tutorials 
lateral ankletailored courses can’t find the right course to suit your needs?
let us tailor a course for you >

 
 




 
international courses 
singapore 
 

resources

resource libraryindustry linkssubscribe
about

about usaiu teamaccommodation
volunteer

general volunteerpregnant volunteerpaediatric volunteer
teach

join our clinician faculty
contact











ultrasound courses by industry leaders


australian institute of ultrasound (aiu) has been providing ultrasound education for 30 years.
our programs move students towards competence, with a focus on hands-on practical scanning.





aiu — ultrasound educator of choice
for 30 years, the australian institute of ultrasound (aiu) has been the premier ultrasound training institute in australia. our core purpose is to help those in the healthcare profession to improve patient care and outcomes. we achieve this by providing hands-on, practical ultrasound training with real patient models, within a caring, supportive, and structured learning environment.
offering over 300 course dates each year, our specialist team comprises dedicated sonographers and clinicians, who develop curriculum, lecture and deliver real world case studies and clinical integration. based on the gold coast, queensland, aiu has a bespoke facility including scanning bays, classrooms and the latest in ultrasound technology to support effective ultrasound education.
in 2022, aiu also opened its first international office with the launch of ‘aiu singapore‘ — operating from and in partnership with the national university of singapore (nus).











clinical thought leaders
we work with industry thought leaders to develop and deliver the latest in ultrasound training.







improving patient care & outcomes
helping the next generation of doctors reach the highest standards of patient care and outcomes.







maximum scanning time
our course structure is optimised to ensure maximum scanning time on real patient models.










featured content




probe manipulation techniques



learn more










efast scan demonstration



learn more
















upcoming ultrasound courses









2 days



rapid cardiac echocardiography course
normal adult anatomy
physiology
sonographic appearances and terminology
m-mode acquisition
common pathologies
case study discussion






read more














1 day



third trimester ultrasound course for midwives
master key ultrasound techniques
measure cervical length accurately
assess placental health
confirm fetal position
evaluate fetal well-being
optimise scanning for clarity






read more














5 days



paediatric ultrasound course
needle guidance
cardiac
lung
renal
soft tissue
gastrointestinal






read more








all courses








let’s talk
please complete the form below. an aiu team member will be in touch with you shortly.









"*" indicates required fields

type of enquiry*course enquiryvolunteer enquiryaccount enquiryfirst name*last name*email*

phone*field of medical practice*selectanaestheticscardiologycritical careemergency medicineendocrinologygeneral practiceintensive careinternal medicinemidwiferynephrologynurse practitionernursingobstetrics & gynaecologyorthopaedicspaediatricspalliative careparamedicinephlebologyphysiotherapypodiatryradiologyrehabilitationrespiratory medicinerheumatologyrural generalistsonographysports medicinesurgerysurgery - breastothermessage*opt-in opt-in to receive the latest course information, news and industry updates from aiu.emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  






















aiu
2 miami key
broadbeach waters 
qld 4218








contact us
+61 7 5526 6655
2 miami key,
broadbeach waters,
qld, australia, 4218





courses

anaesthetics
cardiac
critical care
emergency medicine (basic)
emergency medicine (advanced)
musculoskeletal (msk)
midwives
obstetrics & gynaecology
paediatric
rural medicine
vascular





quick links

ultrasound courses
course calendar
resource library
about us
aiu team
volunteer
membership login





subscribe



"*" indicates required fields

email*

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
















stay connected















© aiu 2025 all rights reserved. privacy policy
terms & conditions






this site uses cookies to improve your experience and help us to understand how our site is being used. by continuing to browse our site, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. read moreacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 










your amount to pay has been updated



the previous conversion quote has expired. here is your new quote:



total
$ 
















you pay









back to checkout


                    place order                



 

































