



	home | little venice cake company




























skip to content











what are you looking for?


 






home





									little venice cake company
								





uk






dubai









									mich turner mbe
								







									shop
								







									news
								







									contact
								







  























  













what are you looking for?


 




































pause carousel






























cake royalty
little venice cake company
founded in london in 1999, little venice cake company is cake royalty.  specialising in bespoke cakes for celebrity, private and corporate celebrations, as well as tv, film and media, their award-winning innovative design, heritage and excellence ensures little venice cake company remains at the forefront of their profession. the company's enduring classical style combines intricate had craftsmanship with indulgent cakes. lvcc is a walpole brand of tomorrow and supporter of uk's great campaign.
uk dubai






















award winning entrepreneur and consultant
mich turner mbe
described as the queen of couture cakes, mich turner mbe is a pioneer in the baking industry. as a qualified food scientist and former bakery and patisserie buyer at harvey nichols, mich is a consultant to the retail and hospitality industry combining her creativity, experience and organisation to bring a refreshing professionalism to business. 
she is an award-winning entrepreneur, founder of little venice cake company, author of 7 international best-selling books, teacher, tv judge and an ambassador for scottish bakers' association.
in 2010 she was awarded an mbe for her services to the catering industry.
find out more about mich



















					all news
			    












01 november 2024
wedding cake designer of the year uae 




														l...
													



read full article







no more articles

			loading articles 






news







shop







books




























@littlevenicecake
join us on social media

 









newsletter
sign up and receive our latest updates


 



















 littlevenicecake
							

								spring has sprung early - looking ahead to exciting times in 2025
							

								27 oct 2024  
							










 littlevenicecake
							

								baking days - new projects and recipe development. 

always trialling new flavour profiles, here we have:

 
lemon meringue tart
a crunchy biscuit bas...
							

								21 oct 2024  
							










 littlevenicecake
							

								we did it!! wedding cake designer of the year uae

so proud of all the team @littlevenicecakedubai for this wonderful recognition within a year of ope...
							

								04 oct 2024  
							










 littlevenicecake
							

								what cake takes your fancy? 

choose from pistachio, chocolate salted caramel, red velvet (little venice cake company style), nougat, brownies or whit...
							

								09 sep 2024  
							










 littlevenicecake
							

								time to unveil our all new cakes

our creativity has been ramped up for the season with favourites such as chocolate salted caramel, carrot and cream ...
							

								04 sep 2024  
							










 littlevenicecake
							

								🎂 little venice cake company: celebrating 25 years of culinary artistry 🎉

since 1999, our award-winning bakery has been at the forefront of cake ex...
							

								11 aug 2024  
							
















contact details
© little venice cake company . all rights reserved

info@lvcc.co.uk
07940 559875






quick links

contact form
sitemap
privacy & cookie policy
accessibility statement
website by blue level















