



















biology major & minor | luther college































































 





 
skip to navigation
skip to search
skip to main content
skip to footer links




request information
visit
apply
 
information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families
 
give today




search



luther college






















menu


academics
admission & aid
athletics
music
student life
 
request information
visit
apply
give today


information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families







search
enter keywords below.




frequently searched keywords:

academic calendar
housing & dining
book shop
contact information
library




close search









biology

					major | minor				




menu


curriculum
department information
faculty and staff








home > academics > biology 




learn more
we'd like to send you some information about luther college.captchathis site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.
  





















explore living systems from microscopic to ecosystem levels. kickstart your future in research, teaching, medicine, and more. prepare for a life in science through our academically rigorous biology program.
request information
why study biology?
if you love to learn about living things and how they relate, studying biology might be the right fit for you. as a biology student, you’ll get an in-depth understanding of the natural world. learn how to conduct research, solve problems, organize information, and grow as a critical thinker.
graduating with a biology degree opens the door to many exciting job opportunities. prepare for a career in health care, lab services, restoration and conservation ecology, environmental biology, cell and molecular biology, biotechnology, or other science-related jobs. no matter your interest area, prepare for a lifetime of exploration.
why study biology at luther?
the foundation of luther’s biology major is its rigorous academic program. luther’s customizable curriculum will help you explore your interests and shape your future. luther biology students enjoy considerable flexibility in their curricular choices.
luther’s state-of-the-art facilities and natural areas promote collaborative faculty-student research. hundreds of acres of prairie and woodlands will be easy for you to access as “outdoor laboratories.”
our biology program prioritizes experiential learning. you’ll take part in ongoing research projects, work-oriented internships, and restoration of natural areas.
finally, luther’s biology faculty are leaders in their scientific fields. as dynamic educators, they will challenge and support you in your development as a scientist.










program highlights






						hundreds of acres of outdoor labs					

luther’s campus is unique—it contains 700 acres of forests, woodlands, prairies, and the upper iowa river. these natural areas will become valuable spaces for you to learn in and research during your time here.





						active research program					

research experience is an essential part of preparing for a career as a biologist. it’s also necessary when applying for graduate programs. at luther, you can partner with faculty to make groundbreaking discoveries and get a head start on your future in biology.





						study biology in the wider world					

luther’s study-away programs will broaden your understanding of the natural world. head north to study winter biology in the boundary waters. learn about marine biology in roatan, honduras. explore desert ecology in the american southwest. we’ll help you make the world your lab.









what you’ll learn
at luther, you’ll develop your own flexible course plan based on your goals and interests. we introduce all biology majors and minors to the program through three core courses. these courses are then supplemented by additional electives.

bio 151: ecology, evolution, and biodiversity
bio 152: cells and molecules
bio 201: genetics

as a biology major, you’ll attend at least 12 biology colloquia. luther’s biology colloquia let you gather with other biologists for lectures and discussions. these presentations represent a wide diversity of biological topics.
no matter what areas of biology you choose to focus on, luther will set you up for life as a scientist. at luther, you will:

become proficient in using fundamental biological concepts
apply the process of science by designing experiments and making observations
develop problem-solving strategies
communicate scientific ideas
use quantitative reasoning
understand the relationship between science and society

curriculum














							i felt really good with the research i did at luther, being able to raise awareness and teach other people about all these things i was excited about.						

							emmelyn cullen ’24						

							biology and theatre major						
read emmelyn's story










							the luther biology major equips you with the knowledge and skills you need to get into medical school, from introduction to biology to advanced classes like human anatomy and dissection.						

							matt benson '22						

							biology major, swim & dive team captain						
read matt's story














careers and outcomes

luther biology alumni are physicians, ecologists, geneticists, and more. our graduates are successful in a variety of biology-related careers.



career fields

health sciences
education
conservation and wildlife
government policy and field work
pharmaceutical research and sales
applied research



recent employers

university of iowa hospitals
mayo clinic
epic systems
integrated dna technologies
iowa natural heritage foundation
us geological survey
us fish and wildlife service









many of our biology graduates go on to graduate school or professional programs. they hold advanced degrees in fields from pharmacology to ecology, entomology to immunology.
those interested in medical school or health-related careers often major in biology. they frequently obtain careers as:

physicians
physician assistants
dentists
optometrists
physical therapist
podiatrists
veterinary medicine doctors

if you’re planning for a career in the health sciences, you’ll leave luther well-prepared for further education.








			real world biology		

luther college microbiology students tackle real-world issues in the lab. they are testing soil in northeast iowa to help solve the antibiotic resistance crisis.






play video












formal affiliations
prepare for careers in clinical lab science, nuclear medicine technology, or cytotechnology. complete the necessary luther coursework in three years. your fourth year will be at an affiliated hospital in clinical preparatory courses. you’ll receive your degree from luther and take board exams to become certified.
learn more about formal affiliations






related programs





 neuroscience




 environmental studies




interested in browsing other areas?
back to all programs















luther college









































700 college drive
decorah, iowa 52101 usa


maps & directions
contact us


about luther
book shop
departments
directory
events
jobs at luther
news
offices
our mission


maps & directions
contact us





















it is the policy of luther college to provide equal educational opportunities and equal access to facilities for all qualified persons. the college does not discriminate in employment, educational programs, and activities on the basis of age, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal or state law.

back to top




emergency information
privacy statement
title ix
report a problem
 © luther college. all rights reserved.
















 


