ï»¿




















toggle navigation











home
about
work
location & contact
links
videos









as a nature lover residing on an island, fringed by a spectacular barrier reef, greg dietrich's work is inspired by the exotic marine life that abounds in the surrounding waters. dolphins, sea turtles, manta rays, eagle rays, thousands of tropical fish and other coral reef dwellers inhabit these carribbean waters. his marine art brings these images to life in unique hand blown glass lamps.






galerã­a azul
is an art gallery located in cozumel, mexico, and is also the working studio for glass artist greg dietrich. he works with engraved blown glass to create unique lamps and night lights, candle art, and engraved blown glass vessels. he is also known for his colorful paintings on silk. a visit to galeria azul allows you to see greg engraving glass and/or creating one of his paintings on silk.

click on the pictures below to see the work he currently has in the gallery.




lamps(illuminated engravings)



hand blown engravedvessels



paintings onsilk





the process








in order to create his pieces, greg must first blow the glass that he is to engrave upon. this process is completed in the united states, primarily in seattle. during the glassblowing process, he makes large spheres or flattened shapes that have as many as three layers of color on the exterior surface. once the glass has cooled, he cuts the spheres into various shapes and sizes. the pieces are then packed up and taken to cozumel, mexico, which is where he resides.








greg does the engraving work in cozumel. sitting at an engraving lathe, he patiently carves away at the glass using diamond wheels. working with the layers of color that he created during the blowing process, he is able to make "drawings" in glass. he can get various tones from just one color by partially removing the layer of colored glass. or, by completely removing a layer, he exposes the contrasting color that lays beneath. this process is known as cameo engraving.








greg's subject matter is the beauty which surrounds him in cozumel and the adjoining areas of the yucatan peninsula. pieces are influenced by the mayan ruins, the vast coral reefs that surround the island, and almost any type of animal found in nature.








the pieces are mounted in a variety of bases. metal, wood, stone, or no base at all, letting the shape of the glass support it. he also works extensively with illumination. taking advantage of the translucency of the glass, combined with mahogany bases, he creates unique lamps that are really illuminated engravings.






personal favorites





museum exhibition 2016- "25 years"




 gallery archives(favorite pieces of the past)




mayan art




greg workingphotos and videos of the artist at work






contact us







if you will be traveling to cozumel, and are interested in visiting galerã­a azul, print out our map and carry it with you. this will help you to locate the gallery once you've arrived.
the gallery is located in the center of cozumel, just 3 blocks off the waterfront at: 
449 avenida 15 north (norte)between 8th and 10th streets (calles)




the gallery hours are:

                            11am thru 7pm
                            monday thru friday
                            or, at any other time, by appointment.
                        


contact information: to make an appointment...

                            you can call greg at the gallery, at any hour...
                            (52) 987 869-0963.
                            or...
                            you can email greg at: greg@cozumelglassart.com
                            for some people this email function returns an error message. in this case, copy the email address above and send it through your email service.
                        










home
about
work
location & contact
links
videos




lamps
hand blown engraved vessels
paintings on silk
museum exhibition
gallery archives
mayan art
greg working



contact us
                    449 avenida 15 north (norte)
                    between 8th and 10th streets (calles)
                    phone: (52) 987 869-0963
                    email: greg@cozumelglassart.com
                










