


pogo insider — pogo news for pogo members.





















































forum
blog
why register?






							sign in
						





							register free
						







all games
casino
hidden object
mahjong
puzzle
solitaire
word







search the blog












  read the latest blog post
 forums
post nowget helpful technical advice from your fellow pogo players in the forums.
follow us on pinterest pogo
 
 help
 contact us nowrequest a phone call or chat live with a customer experience expert. 

ea game cards redeem your ea game card for 3 months of club pogo or 275 pogo gems.







			latest news
					  			  
see all »




earn up to 53 badges in the fairy tale ball spectacular showcase!
seth bloom / february 13, 2025 12:00 am 
get ready to step into a magical world with the new fairy tale ball spectacular showcase! featuring 48 enchanting challenges, this event promises to be a whimsical adventure you won’t […]



pogo insider – 2/11
pogo community / february 11, 2025 5:44 am 
 hello pogoians! as the winter chill gradually softens, february invites us into a month filled with warmth and anticipation. it’s a time to celebrate love and connection, offering opportunities to […] 
coming february 13: earn up to 53 badges in the new spectacular showcase!
pogo community / february 11, 2025 12:00 am 
 put on your fanciest attire and get ready for enchantment at the fairytale ball spectacular showcase! featuring 48 magical challenges and 53 prestigious badges, this event promises a whimsical adventure […] 
earn a new animated badge in the jeweled love letters badge marathon!
pogo community / february 6, 2025 12:00 am 
 get ready to embrace the love and sparkle with our latest badge marathon! the jeweled love letters badge marathon is now live, offering six thrilling new challenges to celebrate the […] 


 
 





opinion poll



which part of snowbird solitaire’s resort would you most like to spend time at if you could in real life?
 jungle
 volcano
 docks
 cliffside
 reef
 beach





 loading ...
 


 







home
     - 
    user agreement
     - 
    privacy & cookie policy (your privacy rights)
     - 
    online service updates
     - 
    legal
     - 
    security
      
    ©2021 electronic arts inc.














