


kyle phillips golf course design










































































kyle phillips golf course design





company
experience

kyle phillips
mark thawley


services
courses
environment
media

photos
videos


news
contact











bernardus
“landscape artist” from golf course architecture magazine  read more









south cape
south cape ranked #9 – world’s 100 greatest golf courses – golf digest  read more









kingsbarns
kingsbarns ranks 19th overall in top 100 golf courses read more









yas links
yas links named one of the world’s top 25 international courses by golf digest  read more









california golf club
golf magazine top 100 courses in the world ranks cal club #50  read more













featured courses


yas links

abu dhabi, uae  



california golf club

san francisco, california 



kingsbarns golf links

st. andrews, scotland 



company background
kyle phillips golf course design is a full service international golf course design firm located in granite bay, california. established by phillips in 1997, the company provides world-class golf course design, golf course architecture, golf course construction and construction bid documents, golf course feasibility studies, field design, construction shaping specialist services, as well as renovation and historical restoration.
read more 



what they are saying



phillips, an american who does most of his work in europe, molded slopes, ridges and mounds that look indistinguishable from those formed naturally. as a result, the course appears to have been here for decades.

– golf magazine  

after reviewing numerous architectural concepts and proposals, it was clear that kyle phillips’ vision for what was possible at del paso country club far surpassed the collective efforts of all others.

–  mike green, head golf professional  

phillips, who’s as hot as a blacksmith’s forge these days, extended the-new-meets-old theme of the grove when he conceived his 7,170-yard parkland design.

– links magazine  

phillips, an american who does most of his work in europe, molded slopes, ridges and mounds that look indistinguishable from those formed naturally. as a result, the course appears to have been here for decades.

– golf magazine  

so artful is american architect kyle phillips’ creation that you soon forget that this links is not ancient at all, but a stupendous marriage of engineering, location and ingenuity.

– sky magazine  

remember the name kingsbarns links. you will read and hear a lot more about it in the years and decades to come. it is special — in spades. the “wow factor” hurtles off the scale.

– golf.com  

kyle phillips, california based international designer, may have 2000’s most talked about new design, kingsbarns, the ancient looking links near st. andrews, scotland.

– golfdom magazine  

history may well come to regard phillips as the inspiration for the “natural” school of golf course architecture in that his creations give the impression that they have been laying dormant for centuries just waiting to be discovered.

– golf management europe  

phillips’ ethos is to create the most natural courses possible, even a cursory glance at the grove’s course confirms his theory.

– business golfer magazine  

today, phillips is helping pioneer a new style of naturalism. his inspiration comes from the great architects of the past. phillips is a master at extending what nature gives him.

– sacramento magazine  

kyle phillips really has succeeded in creating a 21st century golf course in a quintessential 1930’s english setting, which is both pleasing to the eye and a wonderful and varied test of golf for players of all levels of ability.

– links golf magazine  

kingsbarns is brilliant, and the layout is superb. a test from the back and playable from the forward tees for the higher handicaps.

– peter kostis  







 recent news 

stonehill opens in bangkok, thailand


south cape ranked #9 – world’s 100 greatest courses


golf magazine top 100 courses in world –  cal club ranked #50


what it’s like to play a round at south korea’s stunning south cape owners club


“landscape artist” – bernardus (cover article)





featured video 







 copyright kyle phillips golf course design. all rights reserved 

  







top


