



















	ball horticultural






















      skip to content
    











our companies & partners
careers
media & resources
contact us
spring trials

























scroll for more





we color the world

more





우리는 세계 컬러

more





we kleuren de wereld

more





让世界绚丽多彩

more





wir färben die welt

more





мы окрашиваем мир

more





coloreamos el mundo

more















our story







all the best and nothing else
ball horticultural company is a leader in all facets of horticulture. our global family of breeders, research and development teams, suppliers, and distribution companies has a strong presence on six continents in 20 countries. we live by our founder’s motto: “all the best and nothing else.”








the journey begins
launched by george j. ball in 1905 as a wholesale cut flower operation, our company has grown to color the world and transform garden dreams into reality. now in its fourth generation of family ownership, every member of the ball team proudly takes part in finding solutions for the industry – always striving to be the first choice for service.






flowers to fit lifestyles
our plants and products are making history in the world of gardening. among these are award-winning flowers, vegetables, perennials, roses and shrubs recognized worldwide for their performance and consumer appeal. the latest products to fit the needs of today’s gardening lifestyle include flowers to fit small or indoor spaces, top-rated vegetables and herbs, low-maintenance succulents, and other plants with a purpose.








the future with ball
it is ball horticultural company’s mission to be the world leader in the research, breeding, production and marketing of ornamental crops. each member of ball is tasked to create excitement in the world of flowers. our advancements in seed and plant technology help us rise above the rest.
















partnerships & collaboration


from our industry-leading breeding companies, to our production farms and production partners around the world, the collaboration spirit is alive at ball. we excel at new business partnerships and relationships.learn more


















your career at ball


ball horticultural company seeks the brightest, most-talented people to join us and share their ideas, talents, experience and passion in a rapidly evolving business environment. browse our current list of job openings and explore all ball has to offer.learn more









media & resources


search our large online photo library. it’s available 24/7 to help promote the products you sell. check out our press room of news announcements and current events, or discover new product information through our social platforms and mobile apps.learn more







company
our story (home)
the gardens at ball
our companies & partners
careers
ball corporate giving
contact us
spring trials


resources
frequently asked questions
press releases
events

privacy policy
terms of use
terms & conditions of sale


get our apps







keep in touch







home office
ball horticultural company
                    622 town road, west chicago
                    illinois 60185
                
630 231-3600
                    office hours: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. cdt
ball's global family of breeding, distribution and research teams has a presence in more than 20 countries on six continents.
© 2025 ball horticultural company., all rights reserved.








also of interestkieft seedstar roses and plantstoscana breeding 










