










mine source































skip to content


mine source




buy now
how to

buy equipment
sell equipment


faq
about us
contact
 







mining equipment auctions
a simple and transparent way to buy and sell used mining equipment.
 
 







next auction
february 26, 2025timed online auction @ 1pm est


view auction catalogue 
buy now 
consign your equipment 
 



buy now listings






metso 

various metso crusher filler parts quebec




mine source 

get more details 






grillage major 

galvanized screen fence quebec




mine source 

get more details 






epiroc 

swellex, pm 12 coated quebec




mine source 

get more details 





view 'buy now' listings




leading mining companies trust mine source auctions

 






buy and sell
used mining equipment
at mine source we connect buyers and sellers of used and surplus mining equipment creating a simple and transparent market place. we buy and sell everything from the nuts and bolts to full processing plants for underground and open pit mining.
learn more 
 








mine source auctions helped us sell several pieces of used mining equipment and parts. it has been a great experience working with mine source auctions.
rob scapinello, barrick gold, williams mine, hemlo, ontario




mine source auctions provided our company an opportunity to acquire mining assets specific to our needs. the system is open, honest and fair.
guy chenard, huron mining, blind river, ontario




working with mine sources auctions has been a positive experience. everyone was professional, responsive and a pleasure to work with. i wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this company when buying or selling used equipment.
shelly starling, xps consulting & testwork services, falconbridge, ontario












get ournewsletter
stay up to date with upcoming live auctions and featured equipment.



"*" indicates required fields

first name*last name*email address*

recaptchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

























follow us
 


privacy policy
terms & conditions
 © mine source 2025 | powered by fuel media



























