







maize quest corn mazes – the funnest group of farmers in the world































 












maize quest®
				  corn mazes




toggle navigation







home
visit
for your farm
fun tips & news
media
 

















fun for families


                    corn mazes... games... rides...  lots of fun                



                        find a maze near you >                        
                    





next
previous






the maize quest experience
every maize quest® farm location is unique and operated locally by the farmer who owns the land. every farm offers a different heritage, family story, activities and group tours for guests. inside the maze, you’ll explore the pathways created each year in a gigantic maze shaped to match the theme. from dinosaurs to pirates to local food, each theme teaches as it entertains!









find a farm to visit
visit a maize quest® farm near you for a fun outing with your family or group! explore a corn maze, take a hayride, pick a pumpkin, play a game, enjoy a tasty treat, relax around a campfire... a visit to one of our farms is an experience you won't forget!







agritourism for your farm
since 1997, maize quest® has been helping farmers, and now a much broader range of entertainment operations, do the same thing: grow. whether you are upgrading or just getting started, maize quest® is here to help make your operation a success!








media coverage & requests
maize quest® farms (over 70 locations in the us, canada, and uk) provide wholesome fun and adventure for families and groups. check out the latest news and information for the funnest group of farmers in the world - press releases, contact information, and more.









the funnest group of farmers in the world!



over 70 locations (us, canada, and united kingdom)
visit a maize quest® farm near you for fun with your family or group!

mazes with innovative designs
					pumpkin patches
					interactive games
					hayrides
					other fun!
				
find a farm near you >











explore the work of the world’s most ingenious maze and puzzle designers










learn about mazes for your farm >










what makes a maize quest® maze special?
value-added features to increase customer engagement - much more than just a corn maze!






a learning adventure
themed maze games
each maze at each different farm features games based on a special theme. as you explore the maze, you'll find our word and picture game stations with clues and answers that are educational and fun. 





exciting maze themes
unique designs & graphics
each maize quest® corn maze is created uniquely with colorized sections that add interest and keep you moving through the maze. our thematic approach to agritourism keeps you entertained and engaged!





maize-o-vision glasses
secret decoding
maize-o-vision is our secret decoding system used to reveal the map of the maze. your game sheet has the map, but it’s encoded so you can only use it if you find a maize-o-vision station or have maize-o-vision glasses. 










'all ears' for fun
read the latest news and tips for fun at a maize quest® farm near you!











teamwork, navigation, and agriculture 


apr, 24, 2018

maize quest focuses on education through entertainment. inside our mazes groups are involved in three major types of learning experiences: …



read more









inside the surprisingly high-tech world of corn mazes 


dec, 01, 2017

source: fast company
by: steven melendez
the rustic labyrinths are an increasingly sophisticated fall tradition, as maze consultancies cut digital designs into …



read more









it’s not fall until you visit the largest pumpkin farm in pennsylvania 


oct, 17, 2017

source: only in your state
by: beth price-williams
fall just wouldn’t be the same without the glow of pumpkins on front doorsteps …



read more














visit the original maize quest corn maze & fun park
with over 30 attractions, the original maize quest corn maze and fun park in new park, pennsylvania is your destination for fun!

learn more >








 





links home
find a farm near you
agritourism for your farm
'all ears' for fun blog
media coverage
press releases
media requests




popular termscorn maze tips
fun tips & news
ideas for scout leaders
ideas for youth leaders
massachusetts
media coverage
new products
north carolina
pennsylvania
press releases
texas








contact maize quest corn mazes
2885 new park road
new park, pa 17352

phone: (717) 862-4810
email: michelle@cornmaze.com










					© maize quest corn mazes | website by audra jon hoover creative services




















