



















a timeshare broker, inc. - licensed timeshare resale specialists
















































a timeshare broker





 1-866-565-9732



home
buy

all listings
marriott weeks
marriott points
hilton
westin / sheraton
disney
hyatt
other


sell

sell your timeshare instantly
list your timeshare for free


rent

all confirmed rentals
rent a timeshare
rent your timeshare


resorts

hilton grand vacations
marriott vacation club
vistana (westin & sheraton)
disney vacation club
hyatt vacation club


blog
about

glossary
privacy policy


contact









				timeshare resale specialists






select your resort
all timeshare resales
   disney
   hilton
   hyatt
   marriott points
   marriott weeks
   other
   vistana (westin / sheraton)





browse resales








buy timeshareresales
sell yourtimeshare
get new timeshare listings email






							a timeshare broker has been servicing the industry for the last 16 years, offering our clients a long history
							of excellent customer service. not only does our company strive to offer impeccable
							value to our clients through timeshare resale, we take pride in the integrity and transparency practiced
							in every transaction.
						




recent timeshare articles




2025 rci benefits & fees: everything you need to know


to make the most of your membership in the rci timeshare exchange network, it’s important to understand the features, benefits, and all the costs associated with rci’s various programs. this article breaks down everything you need to know about rci fees in 2025 and the benefits available to members. whether you’re considering trading your hilton […]








lock-off units for marriott deeded week owners: explained


there are many great features of marriott’s weeks-based timeshares for owners to enjoy which ultimately increase the flexibility of using their ownership. whether you’re looking into exchanging your marriott week with interval international, or using your florida club privileges to book your week at select marriott resorts in florida, there are many ways to enhance […]








marriott resorts with 3 bedroom villas: square feet, bedding configurations, and more!


when planning a vacation for a large family or group, finding accommodations that provide both the comfort and the space you need is an important part of your research. while all marriott vacation club resorts offer a variety of villa options designed to meet the needs of groups ranging from 4 to 8 people, only […]








hilton grand vacations 2025 maintenance fees


any current (and aspiring!) hilton grand vacation club owners will want to keep their finger on the pulse when it comes to the 2025 maintenance fee bills that were recently sent out to owners. this year, we saw some updates to resort operating expenses as well as resort reserves that affect maintenance costs. whether you’re […]






view all articles












subscribe to get email updates for new and reduced listings














 


            	atimeshare.com | copyright © 2025 | all rights reserved
	    			

login






x










subscribe to our weekly newsletter










 









 




