






new hampshire innovation and creativity connection




































facebook




rss


 












about

our vision and guiding principles
our leadership team
financial reports


programs

destination imagination
camp gottalikachallenge


support us
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 
















new hampshire innovation and creativity connectionnhicc is a non-profit organization that sponsors multiple programs to help our students become the leaders and innovators of the future, including new hampshire destination imagination, destination imagination maine, and camp gottalikachallenge.












new hampshire destination imagination and destination imagination mainedestination imagination is an international program that offers students an educational experience that fosters creativity, teamwork, courage, and curiosity through open-ended academic challenges.
learn more












camp gottalikachallengeour creativity camp is one of the oldest in the nation, empowering our campers to approach life’s challenges with confidence by honing their creative and critical thinking skills, leadership skills, problem solving abilities, and teamwork.
learn more









new hampshire innovation and creativity connection (nhicc) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to fostering teamwork, creative problem solving, and innovation in new hampshire. working with students from preschool through college, nhicc sponsors multiple programs to help new hampshire’s youth become the leaders and innovators of the future.
to better prepare students for the future of work, our programs are designed to enhance their creativity and to develop their problem-solving and collaboration skills. all of our educational experiences are hands-on, collaborative and fun, and empower students to take their own learning to the next level.








destination imagination
destination imagination® (di) is a unique educational experience in which teams of students work on project-based steam challenges, with seven new open-ended team challenges developed each year with the help of educators, subject matter experts, and qualified volunteers. since its inception in 1982, over 120,000 local students have participated in our destination imagination creative problem-solving program.








camp gottalikachallenge
we run one of the oldest creativity camps in the nation. every year, we welcome campers from all over the world to a week of fun at a variety of sites around new hampshire. our camp program focuses on helping each camper to develop their creative potential. the goal is to empower our campers to approach life’s challenges with confidence. we do this by honing their creative and critical thinking skills, leadership skills, problem solving abilities, and teamwork.








 










facebook




rss


copyright © new hampshire innovation and creativity connection 

















