











digital planet




















































































services

what we do
how we make it happen
a typical process


we grow sa
company

about us
sakhisizwe
jobs
b-bbee certification


contact us

contact us
order support


 








✕











 





 

we unlock access to technology & education. 







 

we build b2c partner deals that matter to south africa. 







 

 we bundle technology.  we package purpose.

 







 

we’re on a journey to enrich 1 million lives by 2025.join us.  


 









our missionenriching every south african's life with access to technology and education.

we’ve got your back, your business and your purpose.behind every great business is a damn good wingman. that’s us.you can count on us for really meaningful business-to-consumer deals. we design your vision and support you with access to a world of partner possibilities.we sell the world's leading tech products and pair them up with trusted educational partners to bring you competitive consumer retail bundles. the kind that enrich lives.all our deals are custom designed to suit your market and your objectives. with us right behind you, your telecommunication business, financial services business or retail channels.will you join us?what we dothrough our incredible partnerships, we create new business opportunities for some of the world's leading technology brands.source technology products
combine technology products and services to create one-of-a-kind offeringsenriching sathrough tech
enrich the lives of all south africans through access to technologynew business channels
create new channels through technology products and servicescustomer value adds
add value that complements your core offeringread morehow we make it happenfrom technology merchandising, to warehousing, logistics, e-commerce and call centre services, we not only create new business channels for you, but we manage it from end to end.

incrediblepartnershipsincredible partnerships over 19 years in business
superiorlogisticssuperior logistics and support services that make new offerings a cinch
in-housedevelopmentsin-house development of platforms and tech
customersupportreal value adds such as tech advice, repair support and warranty fulfilment for your customers read moreourpartners
the journey starts with you and ends with you.you tell us what and we show you how. at digital planet we build deals with you, from start to finish, keeping you on track and in control of your choices, your customers and your revenue channels.connect with ussome of our clients









































 




















contact details tel:  +27 11 236 7800
email: query@digitalplanet.co.za

21 woodlands drive, 
country club estate, 
building 2 - 1st floor, 
woodmead, 
gauteng, 
2052 




navigationservices
we grow sa
company
contact us
privacy policy
© 2025 digital planet. all rights reserved.send us a message 



contact us


nameemail

mobile numbermessagecaptcha
 

















							© 2019 digital planet. all rights reserved.						















































