









weimer
























we are open saturdays and 24/7 for emergencies – please call 414-303-8077 for immediate assistance.
  







resourcesnewsrfqshop nowcareers










 
            






800-242-7981
we’re open saturdays and 24/7 for emergencies








 
            



menu



 productsbearingselectronic motion controlfluid powermaterial handlingmechanical power transmissionpopular productsspecialty products servicescustom repairmachining & assemblyvalue added services industriesaggregate & mining agriculturefood & beveragemachine tool industrypackaging equipmentwaste & recyclingmanufacturers abouthistory contactlocations after hours services


resourcesnewsrfqshop nowcareers










weimer bearing & transmission
request a quote now
if you are experiencing stock outs, we can help find a suitable alternative!
 
specializing in high-tech electrical motion control, mechanical power transmission and fluid control products, weimer bearing & transmission offers in-house engineering support, complete machining and fabrication services, as well as product repair and custom tailored inventory solutions. weimer is now positioned as one of the largest independent, privately held, family owned businesses of its kind, spanning four generations. weimer has steadily added new and innovative products to its offering, while heavily investing in highly skilled employees and state-of-the-art equipment. weimer has expanded its geographical reach to nine states, allowing weimer to better serve the midwest marketplace. 
see our popular products


products
weimer bearing & transmission offers a wide range of products for a variety of industries. weimer consistently adds new and innovative products, in order to maintain it's position as a leading distributor of mechanical, electrical and pneumatic components. contact weimer today to learn more about their expanding product offering.



services
weimer bearing & transmission offers a variety of customized industrial services and innovative solutions to help save oem and mro customers both time and money. these custom tailored industrial services help add value and allow for single sourcing.




industries
weimer bearing services a number of industries, offering world-class motion control products that keep your applications running smoothly. weimer continuously adds new and innovative products to their offering in order to remain at the forefront of emerging technologies.


contact your nearest location
30+ stocking locations throughout the midwest & national distribution centers in indianapolis and reno - find a location nearest you!.
find your location
please wait while we gather your results.bearing and transmission newsafter hour emergency service for all your deublin unions!weimer bearing offers 24/7 emergency service for all your facility breakdown needs. call us for all of your after hour needs! carter bearings xd series cam & yoke followersextend the life of your equipment exposed to harsh cleaning environments with carter bearings’ xd series cam and yoke followers. custom washdown solutionsweimer bearing is your go to source for all industrial motors, including washdown motors for use in food and beverage applications. we can deliver standard washdown motors quickly, and can also help with hard-to-find motors with long lead times.









weimer bearing and transmission
n112 w13131 mequon rd.
germantown, wi 53022
262-781-1992
800-242-7981
sales@weimerbearing.com
we're open saturdays and 24/7 for emergencies

sitemap | contact


  









this site is powered by the northwoods titan content management system.



top



