























mca | service-first dna | homepage





























































 



























mca family of companies:         infinity      |       amerizon 








locations




about




careers




contact











 






 
800-596-8205














 









 

 





 
							solutions						
 

 close solutions


 open solutions












 




voice solutions 






two-way radios 




 radios & accessories




 radio infrastructure




 radio dispatch systems




mobile video systems




 body-worn cameras




 vehicle camera systems




 drone & uav systems




vehicle upfitting




 radios, routers, & antennas




 lights, signals, & sirens




 computing, storage, & transit




 speed enforcement systems










 




security solutions 






video surveillance systems




 surveillance cameras




access control systems




 electronic locks & barriers




detection systems










 




data solutions 






broadband infrastructure




cellular networking  




in-building wireless (bda/das/erces)




mass notification systems




scada & industrial iot 

















featured solution 



concealed weapon detection 






learn more















public safety das 



featured solution 






learn more















solving forsafer ecosystem 



featured solution 






learn more












 

 







data solutions 



as a solution provider of wireless communication technologies, mca leverages its expertise to optimize the best solution, deploying it on time and on budget while ensuring it performs as specified. 






request consultation















 
							services						
 

 close services


 open services












 




consulting, engineering, & design 



mca consulting, engineering, and design services identify your company’s goal on a particular project or the implementation of a long-term initiative. 






 




project management 



whether your organization plans to overhaul your existing communications equipment or you are considering a specific security project, mca’s project managers possess the knowledge to manage and implement change. 






 




system implementation 



mca has a comprehensive process, with numerous checks and testing, to ensure that your integrated security, radio, and/or data management system, runs efficiently and securely. 






 




support & maintenance 



mca knows that consulting, design, and implementation are only part of the process. 






 




professional services 



integration services 



managed services 



mtaassecureplan 






radio rentals














 
							industries						
 

 close industries


 open industries











service first dna 



what does it mean to have service-first dna? the foundation of mca revolves around service – to our employees, customers, and communities. mca technicians weather storms to provide immediate repair services and communication hardware for downed networks; hauling anything from radio supplies to basic human necessities to areas impacted by natural disasters. service isn’t just a motto for mca, it’s an integral part of who we are. 







public safety solutions











educationutilitiesmanufacturinghealthcarelogistics 





constructionpublic safetylaw enforcementfire & rescuesecurity 





retailhospitalitytransportationagriculturehouses of worship 











 
							newsroom						
 

 close newsroom


 open newsroom












blog articles




press releases




events



























your trusted advisor for wireless communications, data, and security solutions. 







 
watch the video















 



 





									at mca, we combine cutting-edge technology with expert system integration, delivering world-class voice, data, and security solutions through a service-first approach to enhance the safety, efficiency, and productivity of our clients’ operations.								



for decades, our industry-leading experts and certified professionals have served over 65,000 customers, including federal and governmental bodies, manufacturing operations, educational institutions, transit agencies, utilities, and more.we listen to our customers, understand their needs, and respond with tailored solutions that ensure more uptime, continuous monitoring, fewer security threats, and seamless communication. 







what it means to be mca
 



what does it mean to be an innovator, an integrator, with a service-first approach?

 








 





an innovator

 



our manufacturing partners and integration service teams stay ahead of technology trends to provide cutting-edge solutions that drive success. 







 





an integrator

 



at mca, being an integrator means seamlessly combining voice, data, and security solutions into easy to use unified management platforms. 







 





service-first

 



one of our greatest core values, driving mca’s culture, and embodying the mca advantage, is our “service-first dna”. 






discover more about mca and how we can help create a safe, secure, and connected workplace for your business.

 







 
learn more









voice, data, and security 



core solutions for your business
 



trust mca’s certified teams to bridge communication gaps, overcome security challenges, and defend against data threats with leading-edge solutions. our local sales and service teams are there when and where you need them.

 






voice 



empower your operations with our voice solutions that merge advanced two-way radio, vehicle, and personnel management systems. our dependable two-way radios and comprehensive vehicle solutions deliver seamless efficiency for every industry, ensuring fleet and communications operate at peak performance. 





data 



									our data solutions expertly blend wired and wireless solutions to connect your people, facilities, and machine assets. our innovative networking technologies ensure seamless real-time data transmissions that improve safety, operational
efficiency, and asset utilization inside your facilities and across vast footprints.								





security 



									fortify your operations with our advanced security solutions. from advanced surveillance and access controls, to cyber defense, we offer robust integrated frameworks that enable our customers to better protect their assets, people, and facilities — ensuring unparalleled operational safety and security.								












transforming your operations with advanced services and unified management applications
 



experience the power of mca’s professional and managed services, along with our cutting-edge unified applications. we design, implement, and manage integrated solutions that streamline operations, enhance security, and drive innovation, ensuring your business stays ahead in a competitive landscape. our commitment to excellence and industry expertise makes mca your trusted partner for unparalleled operational success.





 















 



industry-focused solutions 



our tailored solutions address the unique requirements of diverse verticals, guaranteeing ideal performance levels and advanced operational effectiveness for your applications. by understanding the specific challenges and needs of each industry, we design and implement customized strategies that enhance productivity, safety, and efficiency. 







 
explore industries















 



professional services 



mca's professional services streamline technology deployment, ensuring a seamless transition from concept to full integration. our expert team designs, engineers, deploys, and integrates advanced voice, data, and security solutions, maximizing the impact on your business outcomes and ensuring sustained benefits from your technology investments. 







 
learn more















 



secureplan™ 



focus on running your organization while secureplan™ handles your security infrastructure. experience proactive managed security with comprehensive support, same-day response, system audits, and preventive maintenance. enhanced by the mca sentry application, it ensures real-time monitoring and management of all ip-based security devices. 







 
learn more















 



managed technology-as-a-service 



lower your tco with mca’s mtaas program. this all-inclusive subscription model delivers the latest technology, covering updates, maintenance, and support. with predictable fixed costs replacing fluctuating opex/capex, taas boosts financial stability and operational efficiency, allowing your team to focus on growth and innovation 







 
learn more












 

 










newsroom 



our newsroom is your go-to source for all things mca. from the latest corporate news and expert insights to event announcements and more, we are committed to keeping you informed and engaged with the latest from mca and the broader industry. stay connected with us and be the first to know about our innovations and endeavors. 






press 





news 





events 










custom solutions 



what solutions are right for you 







 
request consultation

















public safetydas solutions 







 
learn more















weapon detection solutions 







 
learn more















radio infrastructure solutions 







 
learn more















radio dispatch center solutions 







 
learn more















mobile and body-worn video solutions 







 
learn more















intelligent video  surveillance systems 







 
learn more












 

 












also of interestthe evolution of distributed antenna systems...understanding cbrstwo-way radio solutions 







about us 











we are one of the most trusted motorola partners in the us offering world class voice, data, and security solutions. 





information 











news & updatesoffice locatorscontracts 





follow us 














facebook
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 








mca websites 











amerizoninfinityusat 





mca newsletter 















 
subscribe













©2025 mca, inc | all rights reserved | privacy policy 




   






 












search mca 






search


 search















subscribe to our free newsleter today
to stay up to date on the latest mca news and offerings. 



 











 













 










								first name							




								last name							




								email							




								cell phone							




								company name							




								address							




								city							




								state							




								zipcode							




								secureplan							


 

not sure
secureplan
secureplan24
secureplan limited





								type of system							


 

video surveillance
access control
intrusion alarm
fire alarm
hosted services





								how may we help you?							
 

 



send



















 





































