






beastie bands – collars engineered for cats































		skip to content	



 



beastie bands
collars engineered for cats

  
			scroll down to content		












please find the wholesale order form in pdf format below. allow 3 – 4 weeks for delivery. note that we do not sell retail to individuals.


thank you for choosing beastie bands for your business. please fill out the following order form with the number of each design you would like to purchase. allow 3 – 4 weeks for delivery. note that we do not sell retail to individuals.
beastie bands are made of the same soft, stretchy material that surfers wear, beastie bands collars are fully adjustable and clip to fit with a strong velcro closure. they have an eyelet for attaching an i.d. tag and are so lightweight and comfortable that they’re the only collars many cats tolerate.
beastie bands come in over 90 designs. please fill out the order form by choosing the number of each design you would like.
some designs come on a variety of background colors. when we fill orders we ensure a variety of colors.
we do not have all colors available at all times. if you specify a color preference on the order form we will try to meet your preference.
if the color or design combination is not available we will substitute for you.
large quantities of a single design may take extra time.
there are no minimum orders.
if you have any questions or need assistance, please contact us at twincat@beastiebands.com

click here for our wholesale order form



each beastie band counter display holds 24 collars, and it’s yours for free with an initial order of 24 or more collars upon request.









further information can be found on our website. the link below will take you to a page containing a wealth of interesting and useful information.
 адмирал х ру 

explore the latest vaping trends and industry updates on the article page. understanding these trends will enhance your knowledge of this dynamic field. check out the article page to discover new products, tips, and intriguing facts about the world of vaping.


learn about the cutting-edge solutions from the ukrainian brand mast-group in industrial equipment. in this article, our partner outlines the range and benefits of the company’s innovative technologies for your business.
mostbet, kullanıcılarına 7/24 aktif müşteri destek hizmeti sunarak her sorunda yanınızda olur. profesyonel destek ekibi, casino oyunları, bonuslar ve teknik sorunlar gibi konularda hızlı çözümler sağlar. güvenilir ve kesintisiz bir oyun deneyimi için mostbet destek ekibine her zaman ulaşabilirsiniz!mostbet в узбекистане – ваш путь к победе! откройте дверь к захватывающему миру побед с mostbet в узбекистане. здесь вас ждут высокие коэффициенты, разнообразные игры и увлекательные онлайн-ставки. мостбет в узбекистане – это не просто платформа; это ваш ключ к постоянному успеху. de cruks-registratie gaat niet over de bescherming van gokplatforms. spelen zonder cruks is niet gevaarlijk. dit betekent dat u de verantwoordelijkheid neemt voor het voorkomen van gokproblemen zonder dat een autoriteit je doorverwijst of dat toegang tot casino’s wordt geweigerd. gokken zonder cruks zijn geinteresseerd in de mogelijkheid om te profiteren van gunstigere uitbetalingspercentages. 










		proudly powered by wordpress	











































































































































































