








ms storage equipment | the uk's leading storage solution provider

















































skip to content


 need some help? try our live chat...


primary menu
home services  surveys & space planning product design & manufacture project management delivery & installation servicing & maintenance office moves & file re-locations   products  steel shelving systems mobile shelving & racking racking & pallet racking htm71 modular storage lockers & personal storage office furniture contract furniture mezzanine floors mesh partitioning cupboards & cabinets changing room equipment bespoke storage solutions workbenches & workstations plan chests trolleys   sectors  nhs & healthcare retail & ecommerce mod & military industrial/warehouse emergency services education museum storage sports & leisure library storage local & central government commercial office building contractors   about us  our brands accreditations frameworks case studies latest news & blog frequently asked questions downloads   contact us 
 follow us:     









lockers at ms storage, we’re serious about lockers. in fact, we’re one of the uk’s leading suppliers of quality lockers. whether you’re looking for metal lockers, wooden lockers or laminate lockers, we’ve brought together a breathtaking choice for you to choose from. 
medical storage solutions because we’ve supplied an extensive range of hospital lockers, shelving and medical records storage to the nhs for the last 25 years, we’re in a great position to support your evolving needs.  when you work in partnership with us you can expect quality products that represent excellent value. it’s this commitment that has seen us establish ourselves at the heart of the nhs supply chain.
education storage solutions whether you’re looking for lockers, benches or school library shelving, we can work with you to source the best value equipment that’s up to the job. and of course, our service includes professional delivery and installation too - just tell us what you require and leave everything else to us.
installation our experienced installations teams work all across the uk - whether it's racking, shelving, lockers or furniture our fitting teams work closely with the client to ensure a smooth installation and hand over every time. we offer a 24/7 out of hours installation service and installers hold cscs accreditations.
steel shelving working in partnership with some of the uk’s most respected and prestigious manufacturers of static and mobile shelving systems we have the flexibility to select and specify the best products for you at the most competitive prices. our expert and highly experienced consultants love nothing more than a challenge. so whatever your brief, you’ll discover their expertise means that whatever your environment, they’ll work hard on your behalf to find the perfect storage solution.
police storage at ms storage, we recognise that as the work of the police changes and evolves, there’s a need to reflect these changes in the design and installation of secure and robust police lockers, bespoke shelving and durable locker room furniture.  cs gas, radios, property stores and criminal records are just some of the challenging areas we have created effective solutions for.
changing room seating at ms storage, you’ll find a truly comprehensive range of benching seating and cloakroom furniture to suit a wide variety of environments and budgets.  from swimming pool and health club changing rooms to hospitals and industrial changing areas, we’ve got everything you need to create super efficient and user-friendly cloakroom facilities. our designs have all been hand picked to offer you superb functionality, exceptional quality and incredible durability.
mod storage solutions we believe that a specialised sector deserves a tailored and highly specific service. our relationship with the mod spans over 20 years. in that time we’ve developed a real understanding of the specialised needs of a broad range of military installations.  our experienced teams provide comprehensive advice and technical design services to achieve truly bespoke solutions for locker rooms, kit bag storage, drying rooms, property stores and modular buildings.
bespoke storage we pride ourselves on our ability to offer complete storage solutions - if you can't find the right product to meet your storage needs then we are more than happy to help design and manufacture bespoke products that meet your specific requirements. cages, trolleys, specialist shelving, benches, cupboards - you name it and we can make it.
office lockers & fit out we offer a complete office fit out for furniture and storage products - providing the finishing touches that really enhance the modern office environment. storage walls, hot desking lockers, office lockers, break out areas and social spaces - we cater for them all.
pallet racking to make the most out of your warehouse you need to have the right pallet racking system in place. our technical sales team advise on types of racking to suit your needs and listen to how the client wants their storage system to work in relation to layout and access. we've worked with a range of clients throughout the uk, from small low volume store rooms to large scale warehouses, offering a comprehensive range of racking solutions.
our brands we operate a number of online brands designed to provide our customers with the best possible browsing experience. although the websites operate on different domains, you can rest assured that you will receive the same client focused approach from them all.






ms storage equipment - the uk's leading storage solution providerfrom start-ups and sme’s, to worldwide corporations and established brands, ms storage equipment are the answer to all your storage requirements. we believe in providing solutions that are tailor-made to the needs of our client’s businesses. our storage equipment helps to improve efficiency, increase productivity while saving valuable time and money.
   our products
 our range of flexible and innovative products simplify processes to ensure you maximise space wherever needed. regardless of the industry you work in, ms storage equipment have the answer.
   our services
 we provide a fully integrated services from product design and manufacture, to delivery and installation. whether you need surveys, space planning, or maintenance of your existing equipment, we’ve got you covered.
   our sectors
 from nhs and healthcare, to education, industrial and military organisations, our specialist knowledge extends way beyond standard storage companies, keeping your business one step ahead of the competition.storage solutions for any industry
 as one of the leading suppliers of bespoke storage systems in the uk, we are viewed as industry experts able to provide a holistic suite of solutions across a range of industries. from custom made warehouse and industrial racking, to heavy duty shelving and mobile storage, we design, install and maintain some of the best products available on the market today. our experienced storage consultants are passionate about the services they provide and offer insightful advice you’ll struggle to find anywhere else. every customer receives a complimentary appraisal of their storage space to understand how to maximise the layout. from there we help every step of the way, providing ongoing support to ensure you get real value from your investment.a storage provider you can trust
 at ms storage equipment we are big believers in providing value for money. we understand the need to balance budgets with necessity, which is why we are able to provide the ideal solution no matter your situation. all of our storage systems are reliable, durable and designed to support not only your products, but your business too. to find out more about our full range of storage solutions call us on 01625 874 220, use our enquiry form, or try our live chat facility at the top of the page.





 


  are you working on a storage project?  our expert technical team is committed to delivering best value alongside expert consultations to create tailored solutions designed to meet your budget and your precise requirements. call us today on 01625 874 220, or use our enquiry form for a no obligation quote to explore how we can work with you. contact us›




 




 about ms storage  about us our brands accreditations framework contracts health & safety policy environmental policy 
 useful links  latest news & blog case studies careers contact us privacy policy terms & conditions  
 get in touch  tel: 01625 874 220 email: *protected email* head officeglobal house, adlington business parkadlington, cheshire, sk10 4nl 
  

copyright © 2021  ms storage equipment ltd.part of the ms group. all rights reserved
     

























