



	
    
    the way of the shadow






































































































































skip to main content






















log in










        0
    

checkout


there is no item in the cart


















home
            


about us
            


program
            


class schedule
            


resources
            


contact us
            


more​

























capture










capture



current record id

current object id






















































 




 













 




















 



welcome to the way of the shadow martial arts academy
our mission is to provide the highest quality martial arts instruction and training in practical self-protection to every student in a disciplined, realistic, safe, and enjoyable manner in order to help the student develop founded confidence and maximize their potential in all areas of life. 

the way of the shadow martial arts academy teaches the art of kage no michi ninjutsu; a modern style of ninjutsu taught with and based upon traditional values and principles. using the strategy and theory of the ancient ninja, this martial art style emphasizes evasion, efficiency, and economy of motion using the entire body as a weapon. this is a comprehensive and evolving martial art that encompasses striking, joint locks, takedowns, throws, body conditioning, traditional and improvised weapons, ground fighting, and grappling. the techniques of this style are all based on the time-tested principles of ninjutsu but are designed for practical, modern self protection for children and adults. 

at the way of the shadow, we are not training for trophies. we are training for life.

south bay's best martial arts school

the way of the shadow martial arts academy is proud to announce that we were voted as south bay's best martial arts school in the daily breeze's 2015 annual readers choice awards! thank you to all of our friends and family for voting and your continued support! as always, we will strive to provide our students and community with the absolute best martial arts program possible. 




follow us
    

free week trial
birthday parties
ninja summer camp
special events
n.i.n.j.a.: anti-bullying system






 










 
 
 
 















































            powered by perfectmind business software















 version 9.2 


 live ga ( 9.2.7.0 )


 built 0 on february 14, 10:11 pm









