


















profile group - 360° recruitment solutions















































































menu











companies

employee value proposition
plug and play recruitment campaign
externalized recruitment​
executive search
on-site recruitment – rpo
management of the contingent workforce – msp
talent assessment
recruitment process coaching
recruitment software – ats


jobseekers

jobs
spontaneous applications
job coaching
my profile


jobs
about us
testimonials
resources

articles
e-books
webinars


contact



en

nl
fr
en



 
 





















experts in recruitment


helping you get chosen









helping companies






helping jobseekers



























						a partnership to win over talent 


profile group has been advising and helping companies find and recruit the right talent for over 30 years. but things have changed dramatically and the major question is now “how does a company get chosen by their preferred candidate?”
our focus is to help you optimize every part of the recruitment process (from your side and ours!):

to ensure that you are able to generate interest and desire to join your organisation
to give you full access to the whole candidate market: active, passive, our database and even freelancers & consultants
to help, advise and work on your behalf approaching candidates with real interest and a dialogue to match their career aspirations with your company and the role profile
to help you optimise your recruitment technology in order to engage top talents in a powerful way

we guarantee a quality service that helps your company manage a high-level recruitment process that delivers in the long run: 99% of the candidates placed by profile group remain in their position long term.
here are the recruitment services we offer:


employee value proposition
recruitment marketing
externalized recruitment​
executive search
on-site recruitment – rpo
contingent workforce recruitment & management – msp
talent assessment
recruitment process coaching
recruitment software – ats
























































what we focus on 





listening
listening to understand your challenges and propose solutions.











being agile
being agile to adapt ourselves to your needs and not the reverse.











working together
working together to impact performance – yours and ours.














key facts about profilegroup 




more than 30 years expertise in recruitment
3 offices in belgium – brussels, antwerp & liège
more than 40 recruitment experts
organised in 6 business units to cover all recruitment needs
a database of 350.000 candidates
an average of 110 active job postings at any time of the year
the most advanced recruitment software, loved by recruiters and by candidates
a dedicated it development team in asia

















what our clients say

















 - gillion construct


“result-oriented, always carefully listening, effective in the management and monitoring of its missions ..., these are the few talents of our profile group’s consultant. a true professional in selection and recruitment. in addition everything is done with a smile! ”

























katrien tordeur
hr director benelux - papyrus


“profile group was the best thing that could have happened to us at that time.”

























benoit evrard
general manager septeo belgium - septeo


“we have been able to develop a relationship of trust, which is characterised both by a certain harmony (we communicate well with each other), and by a level of professionalism that we expect from a recruitment agency.”

























katrien lueke
policy analyst - edfi


“i have had the great pleasure of being accompanied by hans throughout a recruitment process. overall, the selection procedure was very transparent and well organised. i appreciated having hans as a “neutral broker” between me, as a candidate, and the recruiting organisation. thanks to our open conversations, i could sharpen my understanding of the position and how it fits to my profile. i especially appreciated the continued availability and support of hans in case of questions or concerns. even if i had not been chosen for the position, i would have been very grateful for having gone through the different recruitment stages with hans. due to the comprehensiveness of the assessment, i learned more about myself and about how to approach selection processes. my sincere thanks for everything!’
”






















marika roobaert
head of administration, support & quality - bel v


“we never feel like a mere customer, because profile group strives to establish a real contact and to provide a real added value for belv.”

























lina aburous
head of communications - ccre-cemr


“i had the privilege to collaborate with profile group on a couple of occasions as a candidate. my experience was extremely positive and pleasant working with emma waites, who’s a tough, well versed, deep and spot on headhunter. she has the ability to make the candidate articulate their own skills and think thoroughly of how their past experience is relevant to the future job. while she never shies away from asking complicated questions, she is very caring, positive, empathetic, and never misses a detail. during the process i truly learnt a lot about myself,  and got my dream job.”
”
























						empowering your future 


you are actively searching for a new opportunity or you are simply not satisfied in your current role? profile group is here to help. not only we deal with around 450 placements every year but we are always on the search for great talent wherever that talent is.
if you join our database, we will take the time to listen to you and understand what drives you. our aim is to find the job that fits your needs and not the reverse.
if you look for a job, consult here below our active job offers.
if you are selected, our team will also be happy help in coaching you in:

writing your cv
preparing for a job interview
preparing for the negotiation for your salary package
your onboarding in the new company

here are our services for job seekers:


our active job offers
sponateous application
job coaching
































helping you achieve your career objective 





listening
listening and understanding what inspires and motivates you, and providing practical advice to help define what your next job and company could be.











being agile
optimisation of your process, create a great cv, transparent feedback to help improve you interviews, help to negotiate a contract.











partnering
follow through – we are looking for long term results and will recontact you after 3 and 6 months to ensure you are happy in your new job. 99% of our candidates say yes!














key facts about profilegroup 




the only company in belgium offering all the solutions regarding recruitment
more than 30 years expertise
more than 40 recruitment experts
3 offices in belgium – brussels, antwerp & liège
a database of 350.000 candidates
an average of 110 active job postings at any time of the year
the most advanced recruitment software, loved by recruiters and by candidates

















join the club!

















“
the cooperation with profile group was extremely professional, they find a very good match between the company and the employee and take into account the priorities of both. i felt supported and followed closely throughout the process. thank you for this pleasant collaboration.  
”
















“
in belgium, a country where the majority of people think it is not easy to find an english speaking job, i forwarded my very first cv to profile group. i was amazed at how efficient and responsive they were. working with them was a joy: i’ve been coached and guided through the interview process and i was able to get the very job i wanted at my very first try. i will recommend profile group to anyone without a doubt! 
”




















“
i particularly appreciated profile group's global approach from the first interview. from the beginning i received the necessary information to be able to project myself in the future and this allowed me to be directly in phase during the meetings with the client.
”
















“
as a happy candidate who found a new professional challenge through profile group's work, i can only praise their work with me, full of respect and understanding. i felt really supported. thank you
”




















“
sincerely thanks for your support during my application procedure. 
it is highly unusual but the more appreciated to receive from your recruiter an encouragement phone call a couple hours before an interview with a potential employer. 
”
















“
profile group is reliable, proactive and keeps its promises, and does everything with a smile to create a positive atmosphere for candidates.
”































set up a dialogue with a recruitment expert




contact us!




 













linkedin
facebook
youtube







flanders
meetdistrict berchem - the link 2
posthofbrug 6-8 bus 5/163
2600 berchem
03 257 10 61
antwerpen@profilegroup.com





brussels
bld louis schmidt 54
b-1040
02 732 01 75
profile@profilegroup.com





wallonia
avenue blonden 40/011
b-4000
04 349 06 64
liege@profilegroup.com





nivelles
chaussée de nivelles 62
b-7181
+32 67 64 47 60
nivelles@profilegroup.com













© 2025 profile group. all rights reserved.

contact
disclaimer

















   



















