






german embassy ottawa - federal foreign office 




















































navigation and service
straight to:

content
main menu
search













german missions in
canada






page navigation




de







en







fr









start search






what are you looking for?



content
please enter a search term


search





number of results found
no suitable keywords found. please enter your complete search term.






close search









menu
close



menu



you are here:
        
            about us
    


about us




overview







        german embassy ottawa
    






        consulate general in montreal
    






        consulate general in toronto
    






        consulate general in vancouver
    






        honorary consuls
    






        corruption prevention
    






        job openings
    






back to the first navigation level






        
            consular services
    


consular services




overview







        service overview
    






        consular services a-z
    






        visa
    






        german citizenship
    






        passport & german id card
    






        information for travelers
    






        book an appointment with the consular section
    






back to the first navigation level






        
            germany and canada
    


germany and canada




overview







        german institutions and associations in canada
    






        learning german
    






        sogerman.ca - discover the diverse partnership between canada and germany
    






        bilateral relations
    






back to the first navigation level






        
            newsletter
    


newsletter




overview







        subscribe
    






        unsubscribe
    






back to the first navigation level







start search




navigation


page navigation











start search




welcome





breadcrumbs




home
                      



about us
                      



german embassy ottawa








            german embassy ottawa
          






bundestagswahl february 23, 2025 / german federal elections (in german language)






wählen kann nur, wer in ein wählerverzeichnis eingetragen ist. der letzte termin für die stellung eines antrags auf eintragung ins wählerverzeichnis ist sonntag, der 02. februar 2025! deutsche, die im ausland leben und nicht in deutschland gemeldet sind, müssen dies zunächst beantragen. die wahlbekanntmachung für deutsche im ausland finden sie hier.auf der internetseite der bundeswahlleiterin finden sie informationen zum thema neuwahlen.rücksendung von wahlbriefen nach deutschland:die deutschen auslandsvertretungen in kanada bieten kurzfristig sonderkuriersendungen für die rücksendung von wahlbriefen nach deutschland an. dies kann über die persönliche abgabe der wahlbriefe bei der botschaft in ottawa sowie bei den generalkonsulaten in montreal, toronto und vancouver erfolgen.nähere informationen zu dem verfahren und fristen finden sie hier

























      ambassador tjorven bellmann and ambassador matthias lüttenberg will be sharing the post and rotating every eight months.
    














our mission is to create opportunities to deepen our excellent relations even further: for more economic growth and jobs in germany and canada, scientific excellence, better security, climate protection and a successful energy transition. we are excited to serve in canada!
ambassador tjorven bellmann and ambassador matthias lüttenberg will be sharing the post and rotating every eight months.








more





address, opening hours & contact







embassy of the federal republic of germany ottawa






description
embassy of the federal republic of germany
head

            
              
                tjorven bellmann, ambassador
              
              
            
          
city/town
ottawa
country
canada
address
1 waverley streetottawa, ontario k2p 0t8canada






open site plan



further information
in our data protection declaration










postal address
embassy of the federal republic of germanyp.o. box 379, postal station “a”ottawa, ontario k1n 8v4canada
administrative / consular district
please note that the embassy in ottawa does not offer consular services. please contact the consulate general in toronto regarding all consular matters. (exception: residents of the following jurisdictions can apply for schengen visas [short-term business or tourist visas] through the austrian embassy in ottawa: the national capital region and the counties lanark; leeds and grenville; prescott and russell; renfrew; stormont, dundas and glengary; as well as nunavut.)
opening hours
hours of telephone service:mon-thu 8am to 1pm and 1:30pm to 4:00pm, fri 8am to 1:30pm
languages
english, french, german
contact

contact the german embassy in canada

telephone
+1 613-232-1101
fax
+1 613-780-1527
website



    http://www.canada.diplo.de
  


note on barrier-free access
the embassy supports citizens with disabilities and strives to facilitate their access to staff within the limits of the architectural constraints.barrier-free access to the office building is located in the inner courtyard of the embassy and can be used in special cases by appointment. all doors of the building are sufficiently wide, but are not barrier-free and do not have automatic closing or opening mechanisms. all floors of the embassy can be reached by an elevator, the operating buttons of which are in braille. there are no accessible toilets in the embassy building.please contact us to make prior arrangements, if you have further questions regarding accessibility, or if you need assistance.






contact the german embassy in canada





contact the german embassy in canada












the different sections of the embassy:





the minister




karina häuslmeier is the deputy head of mission. she takes care of coordination and policy issues and heads the science and economy section.




defence attaché




the defence attaché is head of the embassy's service for military affairs. he represents the federal minister of defence in all areas of cooperation with the canadian armed forces. he also guides german military personnel in canada and promotes contacts with the german defence industry.defence attaché: : lieutenant colonel general staff stefan dördrechter




science and economy




the science and economy section promotes scientific, technological, and economic collaboration between germany and canada. we welcome inquiries and requests for information in all areas of german science, research, and business.head of science and economy section: karina häuslmeier




culture and press




the embassy’s culture and communications team is the point of contact for german cultural life and policy. an important part of our work is supporting german language and cultural studies, organizing cultural events, and promoting exchange programs. we support the activities of the goethe-institutes in canada, the german academic exchange service, the alexander von humboldt foundation, and other partners and organizations.we also monitor canadian media coverage and reach out to the canadian public via our website, newsletter, facebook, twitter and instagram, providing information on germany and the germans. to that end, we keep in close contact with canadian journalists, bloggers, and other media representatives.head of department: valentina goldmann




political




the embassy's political department observes canada, foreign and domestic policy based on contacts with the canadian government, parliament and non-governmental institutions. in addition, the political officers inform canadian partners and organisations about political developments within germany and germany's foreign and european policy.head of department: valerie polydore




administration




the administrative section is responsible for the internal organization and management of the embassy. this includes the embassy's personnel, budgetary planning, maintenance of the chancery and the ambassador's residence, and communication and security needs.head of department: sabine haake














    
    
      
      
        
          
          
            passport services at the embassy ottawa
          
        
      
    
  



















overview "about us"










share page




share page


whatsapp


facebook


x


mail








top of page









footer











linkedin





facebook





instagram





sogerman



















embassy in ottawa










consulate general in montreal
















consulate general in toronto










consulate general in vancouver





















data privacy


publication data


accessibility statement


report an accessibility problem


copyright

© 1995 – 2025   federal foreign office 










top of page













