


house musings























    
	house musings
	
  
random thoughts on house hunting in the san francisco bay area.










saturday, november 03, 2007



	 how the market has changed!
    


i wanted to share a few random thoughts about the housing market. i heard from a realtor friend about a recent scenario. she had just listed a home for $775k. after just 1 day on the market, she had an offer for full price - $775k. about 1 week into the escrow process, the buyer decided to back out - i think it was due to funding issues (this was at the same time that the jumbo interest rates went through the roof). an unfortunate situation for sure, but not hopeless given the fact that the home had an offer after 24 hours on the market with these market conditions. fast forward to 60 days later, the home was still on the market and the seller reduced the price of the home to $725k in the hopes of selling it. finally, after 75 days on the market, a buyer submitted a purchase offer. only this offer was for $625k, not the $725k asking price. unbelievable. $100k less than asking and a full $150k less than the original asking price. wow. i don't know what ultimately happened or if the seller countered, but this just goes to show you how the real estate market has changed.labels: real estate market conditions below asking price lowball offer



posted by blogger @ 2:09 pm  
      
         0 comments






friday, august 10, 2007



	 ouch! jumbo loans are through the roof.
    


just read this on sfgate:"the mortgage mess is already boosting rates for borrowers in the united states -- if they can get home loans at all. jumbo loans -- those greater than $417,000 -- are carrying interest rates of 7.5 to 8 percent, 1 to 1.5 points higher than a month ago, according to the mortgage bankers association."that is going to make it even harder for homes to sell, especially higher priced ones. earlier this year, a jumbo, 30 year fixed loan could be had for 6%. now 7.5%? that's gotta hurt.



posted by blogger @ 12:22 am  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, june 20, 2007



	 how are api scores calculated?
    


for anyone who is curious about how api scores for schools are calculated,  i ran across this description from the ca department of education.most of us look at api scores for 2 reasons:1) to see how highly ranked our kids' schools are2) to see how our home values will be affected by the quality of the schools around our homesas i've said before, schools with good api scores provide a great foundation for our kids - but these scores do not guarantee our kids' acceptance into the harvards and stanfords of the world. in all schools - high-api ones and low-api ones, there are always going to be a 'bell-shaped' distribution of high achievers and low achievers. it is my belief that it is mostly up to the parents to teach, mold, and motivate their own kids to be successful.labels: academic performance index, api, school, scores



posted by blogger @ 11:18 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, june 19, 2007



	 shared driveways - not for me
    


i read an article in the washington post today about shared driveways and how they can sometimes be an after thought for home buyers. the buyer may be overly excited about the house itself and less concerned about the fact that you and your new neighbor will have to get along very closely if you share a driveway. the theory for building a shared driveway is to allow more green areas on both you and your neighbor's property.for my wife and i, we were actually looking at a home with a shared driveway. in lafayette ca, many of the homes were built in the 40's and 50's - new homes are not very common - at least not like they are in san ramon or danville. most of the new homes in lafayette are tear downs of older homes that build new ones right on top. however, every now and then you'll see a few parcels of vacant land amongst the neighborhood homes.for us, we found a home for sale that was about 6 years old, had a great layout, and was just as good as new. it was priced reasonable for the area, that is until we drove up to the house. this house had a shared driveway with one other house. given the shape of the lot and the street, it was apparent that a shared driveway was the only solution for these 2 homes.  at first, my wife and i tried to overlook the shared driveway. we focused on the granite counters, hardwood floors, and the spacious master suite. as soon as we got outside, we were reminded of the shared driveway once again.we really looked the house - we even started brainstorming about ways we could put a divider of some sort in the middle of the driveway. big flower pots, large shrubs, you name it - we thought of it. in the end, after driving by the home several times at all hours of the night, we realized that the driveway was not going to work for us. every morning when we leave for work and when we return from work, it would be the first thing that we saw. so we passed.i'm sure some people would be okay with a shared driveway in the right situation. for us, it was a deal breaker. i write about this now because the washington post feature really brought back that entire thought process.labels: shared driveway real estate neighbors bad washington post



posted by blogger @ 9:19 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, june 15, 2007



	 the market has changed
    


back in july of 2006, i wrote a post about "square footage question - vindication!!!". my issue with the home discussed in the post was the fact that the home sellers had converted the garage into living space and did not have the proper permits. the biggest problem i saw was the fact that the seller said the house was 1900 square feet, while public records said the house was 1450 square feet. clearly, the home seller was claiming the newly converted garage as living space - which for practical purposes was probably right. however, the county records still said 1450 square feet.back then, the home was listed for $999,999. at the time, i thought the home was overpriced. the sellers had purchased the home for about $200k less about 18 months prior. the house didn't look especially updated.fast forward to 2 months ago - i saw the house for sale again. this time, it was listed for $769,000 and it was owned by the bank. the home ended up selling for $818k. i guess the previous owner was foreclosed on. $818k seems about right.



posted by blogger @ 9:16 pm  
      
         0 comments






friday, april 13, 2007



	 room & board - my furniture buying experience
    


i recently purchased a new bedroom set from room & board. after looking at several different furniture stores and websites for the past 6 months, i finally decided on furniture from room & board. i visited the san francisco showroom and was impressed by the selection they have. the nice thing about the store is that the sales people are low-pressure (i don't think they are commission-based). for the most part, sales associates left us alone unless we had a question, unlike several other furniture stores where the associates follow you around.in most furniture stores (mattress stores included), you walk out of the store feeling like the sales associates are trying to cheat you. i'm not sure why, but i think it is the same mentality that a person has when walking into a car dealership.anyways, my experience with room and board was fantastic. i went to the showroom, looked at the stuff that i wanted (stuff that i had seen initially through their catalog and website), and i was able to order the furniture on the spot. since the store doesn't actually stock any of their main furniture pieces, they need to deliver it to your home. the nice thing is that there was a flat delivery charge, no matter how many pieces you ordered. the delivery fee was a flat $69 for me, which is fantastic compared to other stores. since the furniture that i wanted was in stock at their warehouse, they delivered it within 5 days. on top of this, the give you a 2 hour window in which they will deliver your furniture. they'll call you 1 or 2 days beforehand to confirm the time window.on the day of the delivery, they showed up 5 minutes into my 2 hour time window. the delivery personnel were professional and courteous. they set my furniture up very quickly, while cleaning up any extra packing materials. they were also very careful not scratch up my walls while brining the items in the house.overall, i can't complain about the process.



posted by blogger @ 12:30 pm  
      
         0 comments






thursday, april 12, 2007



	 how close do you live to sexual offenders?
    


i came across this website, www.familywatchdog.us that can actually tell you, based on your address, how close you live to registered sex offenders.  this website uses publicly available data and mashes it up with a google map. the results are rather frightening - you input your address, and you'll see alot of red dots surrounding your home. each red dot is a registered sexual offender. but that's not all. you can click on each of the red dots to get details about each of these offenders. these details include a picture as well as the type of offenses this individual was convicted of. to add to the information, this website also maps out the schools on the map, showing you exactly where offenders live in relation to the school.if you are buying a house, having this type of information could be very important if you have kids. even if you don't have kids, this type of thing is good to know, just so you'll have  better sense of your neighborhood. however, after seeing the enormous # of red dots, it really makes you not want to buy a house anywhere. i was shocked at the number of registered offenders there are here in the sf bay area.here is a sample profile. most of the profiles show pictures, but i didn't want to plaster any one person's picture on this blog. note the list of convictions in the individual's profile.



posted by blogger @ 11:43 am  
      
         0 comments














links

bart musings
real estate market updates
complaint website
mess that greenspan made
get at&t ringtones


previous posts

how the market has changed!
ouch! jumbo loans are through the roof.
how are api scores calculated?
shared driveways - not for me
the market has changed
room & board - my furniture buying experience
how close do you live to sexual offenders?
api scores - the local high school's score is the ...
stated income loans - "liar loans"
ugly christmas and holiday lights



at&t ringtones 
t-mobile ringtones 
at&t ringtones blog

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
july 2006
september 2006
january 2007
march 2007
april 2007
june 2007
august 2007
november 2007








 















