







chocolate soup | foster recognition culture at your workplace
















































your web browser is out of date. update your browser for more security,
        speed and the best experience on this site.
update your browser
dismiss






we use cookies to make interactions with our websites and services easy and meaningful and to tailor advertising. by using our website or clicking “accept”, you are agreeing to our privacy policy.

accept








menu







solutions








custom team lego™ kits








personalized gift boxes






how it works


blog


about us




                our story
              



                social responsibility
              



                supporting small
              










menu
























book a consultation








 foster recognition culture at your workplace
nurture genuine connections and vibrant workplace culture with personalized employee appreciation gifts.
 






















































why choose chocolate soup?
at chocolate soup, we believe in recognizing the human behind every employee. our thoughtfully curated gift boxes and unique customized lego™ figurines allow you to show your team members that they are valued and appreciated, not just for their work, but for who they are in their lives outside the office.
whether it’s cheering for a job well done, marking an important milestone, or fostering a culture of genuine appreciation, consider us your partners in turning recognition into a seamless and joy-filled experience.  
at chocolate soup we’re transforming recognition, one lego™ brick at a time. cheers to making every milestone, big or small, a moment to remember!







 recognition matters, period. employee recognition goes beyond a simple pat on the back; it’s a dynamic force that unleashes the full potential of your team. watch as the ripples of positivity are felt throughout your entire organization.
   learn more 
 
 
 
82%
of employees say it’s important for their organization to see them as a person, not just an employee.


 
 
3x
employers with a recognition culture are 3x more likely to have high employee retention.


 
 
90%
of employees who feel cared about say they’d suggest their company as an exceptional workplace.


































building recognition culture, one gift at a time with chocolate soup, recognizing your employees is as easy, fun, and intuitive as assembling lego™. choose from our starter, growth, or celebration plans, add the personal touch of our custom team lego™ kit program, and let us take care of the rest - from curating to shipping.
   how it works 
 








flexible plans
 







custom team lego™ kits
recognition with a personal twist. bring your team members to life as lego™ minifigs, with customized blocks to mark their milestones and celebrate their achievements.
  learn more 
 







curated gift packages
complement your milestone lego™ blocks with our exclusive add-on subscription service, where curated gifts support small businesses and add a dash of excitement to your workplace.
  learn more 
 






 


chocolate soup has been essential in helping us grow and maintain our company’s culture as we continue to scale to new heights!

marc morin
ceo, auvik networks




 



who do we work with?


 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 
 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 
 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 



 
 recognition in action see how real employees react to gifts from hr teams that work with us.
 
  







 







 







 







 







 







 







 





 get started
start building your recognition culture with us today.
ready to make a difference in your employees’ lives and watch your company culture thrive? contact us to speak with a member of our passionate team.

  get in touch 
 














550 parkside dr unit a23
waterloo, on n2l 5v4



be the first to get updates and news from chocolate soup!


email address




sign up










custom team lego™ kits


personalized gift boxes


how it works




our story


blog


faqs




book a consultation
























privacy policy


terms of service






© 2025 chocolate soup inc. all rights reserved.






become a supplier for chocolate soup
please fill out this form to let us know of your interest in becoming one of our small business partners, and our team
      will be in touch with more details!

*required


first name*



last name*



work email address*



company name



website



message





submit

















