
















the star homepage












  























classifiedsaboutcontactadvertisefree trialsubscribesign in























      we're all in this together
     


















homenews

opinion 

all
letters from our readers
peoplebirthscommunityobituariesschoolsportslifestyleslegalsclassifiedsaboutcontactadvertisefree trialsubscribesign in
























e-edition
please sign in or subscribe











 





sports
raiders are league basketball champs




 





news
cmc gets big upgrade for mammography
scott hunter



 





news
lone protester walks grand coulee
scott hunter



 





news
school levy close but passing
scott hunter



 





sports
lady raiders head to district tournament




 





sports
lr wrestlers do well at tourney




 





news
anti-trump demonstration draws 1,500
juan jocom, washington state journal



 









news
school levy close but passingscott huntera tax levy to support local schools was passing by about a 5% margin tuesday night. proposition 1, the grand coulee dam school district's proposal to replace its expiring levy with a new one at the end of this year, seeks to tax property owners $2.13 per $1,000 of assessed valuation. in the four counties the district serves, the proposal was passing by 422-383 votes tuesday, that is, by about 52.42%. the measure needs a simple majority to pass. if it were up to lincoln county voters, it would...


anti-trump demonstration draws 1,500juan jocom, washington state journalabout 1,500 protesters swarmed the capitol in olympia feb. 5 to protest trump administration policies on immigration, lgbtq+ rights and plans laid out in project 2025, a conservative playbook for slashing the size of government. the protest was part of a nationwide effort to stage rallies in every state capital on the same day. most attendees said they learned of the planned protest through social media and word of mouth. olympia resident rita homan said her daughter told her and decided to...


lone protester walks grand couleescott hunterone woman walked through grand coulee wednesday in solidarity with demonstrators in state capitals across the country decrying actions taken by president donald trump and elon musk's department of government efficiency over the last few weeks. sheri edwards, a retired schoolteacher (and this writer's wife) decided monday that she would join the protests, but not at olympia, here locally. edwards carried a sign that said, "love thy neighbor as thyself. you and i are neighbors" and, on the other...


cmc gets big upgrade for mammographyscott hunterthey served pink cookies to go with their pink shirts monday morning to help celebrate a big gift to coulee medical center and the difference it will make in local detection of breast cancer. after a promotional blitz with a theme of "now screening" designed to look like a cinematic release, cmc officials officially cut the ribbon on a new 3d mammography machine. "early detection is crucial in the fight against breast cancer, and this new equipment will provide higher-quality images, reduce...




opinion
it's all peachy in atlantaroger s. lucasatlanta is known for the number of streets with the word “peach” in them. thankfully, there’s more to atlanta than peaches. we were there for a newspaper conference, and in the evenings there wasn’t anything going on. so it became a time to explore. in the afternoon one day we went to the church where martin luther king preached on sundays when he was in the city. it was an old church and there were signs out front so you could tell you were at the right place. i guess the reason to go there was to say you had been there. the evenings...


farmers do not need a trade wardan newhouse congressman 4th districtas fentanyl continues to ravage communities across the united states, the trump administration has taken measures to ensure canada, mexico, and china are doing their due diligence to address this crisis. with illicit drugs flowing over the southern border from mexican cartels, serious security gaps at our northern border, and china manufacturing fentanyl precursors, the tariffs announced by the administration serve as a reminder of the responsibility these nations have in mitigating the crisis. while the tariffs on canada and mexico are on...


government performance audits workdon c. brunellin his first month as president, donald trump has shaken our federal government to the core. many argue that his “meat ax” approach to cutting government waste, abuse and spending is as harmful to our country as the current “runaway “spending and borrowing. regardless, america needs a strong wakeup call. the question is where to go from here. is there a better way? in short, we need good comprehensive audits of current programs to determine how and where our tax dollars are spent and if we, as taxpayers, are getting our money’s...


this week in historyfebruary 12, 1974, federal judge george boldt, issues a historic ruling reaffirming the rights of western washington’s indian tribes to fish in accustomed places. the ruling allocated 50 percent of annual catch to treaty tribes. the ruling caused outrage among non-indian fishermen. western washington tribes had been assured the right to fish at “usual and accustomed grounds and stations” by federal treaties signed in 1854 and 1855. over several decades the ever-growing numbers of euro-american fishermen heavily fished those...




community
coulee copscoulee dam police 2/2 - police checked on a man at the request of adult protection services due to concerns about him possibly being scammed. the man said he hadn’t been scammed and didn’t require police assistance. 2/4 - police responded to a suspected stolen vehicle in an alleyway. the ignition of the vehicle appeared to have been drilled out. a suspect was reported to have been at a “corner house, suspected to be a drug house.” the vehicle was later reported to be parked on grand avenue in electric city. this was the latest as of...


meetings and noticesmosquito district 14 to meet grant county mosquito district #2 will hold its monthly meeting this thursday, february 13, 2025 at 5:00pm at 210 w. coulee blvd. in electric city area aa meetings in electric city, the new hope group holds its meetings monday through friday evenings at 6pm at the vets center. there is also a noon meeting every wednesday. these meetings are open and non-smoking. for more information, contact paul 631-4551 or phyllis 631-1187. in nespelem, the group bound and determined holds its meetings monday evening at 7 p.m....


quilts still being tiedjust a reminder the zion lutheran church is still tying quilting thrufebruary 2025. the quilts are given to both foreign and local originations. contact evelyn russell 509-633-0648 for information. anyone is welcome to come. bring a sack lunch if you wish; we have a good time visiting and working...




obituaries
susan lane mitchell nee' dickenssusan lane mitchell, nee' dickens, 86, passed away peacefully on november 9th, 2024 in kennewick washington. susan was born on july 31st, 1938, in las vegas, nevada to william dickens and willie jacqueline dickens, nee' keaton, she was the sister to judith carson of anchorage alaska. susan graduated from boulder city high school in boulder city nevada in 1956. susan married joseph martin mitchell in saint andrew's catholic church in boulder city. their marriage lasted 64 years, upon the passing...


vera bentonvera benton passed away on january 25, 2025 in grand coulee, washington. vera is survived by her brother melvin harrell sr., sister alma harrell, and many nephews and nieces. vera is preceded in death by her husband joe benton, parents landy and elliton harrell, nolan harrell, landy harrell jr, carolyn harrell, and diane harrell. memorial service to honor vera benton life will be held at 11:00 on saturday february 15th, at the lds church, 806...


star obituary policythere is a $50 charge for obituaries published in the star. this includes a photo and up to 500 words. reminders for celebrations of life and death notices are $25. articles must be either e-mailed, faxed or dropped off at the star office. they will not be accepted over the phone. the deadline to submit an article is monday by 5 p.m. for more information, call 509.633.1350 or visit our website at...




sports
raiders are league basketball champsthe raiders won their league championship tuesday night in okanogan 63-55 over liberty bell. the victory followed a similar win in the central washington 2b tournament, over tonasket, 66-55, in omak on saturday and puts the raiders in game six of the 2025 district 5 2b boys basketball tournament feb. 13-22 at moses lake high school saturday, feb. 15, at 12:30 p.m. in the maroon gym. the 19-3 raiders will play the la salle lightning (17-6). getting to the title game, the lr boys had to get...


lady raiders head to district tournamentthe lady raiders took fourth place in the cwb 2b league tournament after falling to tonasket tuesday at okanogan. the lake roosevelt girls had prevailed over liberty bell 49-41 thursday to win the first post-season basketball game in the league at home, lost twice since, but will still get to moses lake thursday to play tri-cities prep in the 2025 district 5 2b girls basketball tournament. they'll play in the moses lake high school maroon gym at 7:30 p.m. in a loser-out game. a win would set...


lr wrestlers do well at tourneysix boys and eight girls from lake roosevelt jr/sr high will head to their respective district 5 wrestling tournaments this week after qualifying in the league tournament matches saturday. "the team battled hard against tough competition, with multiple podium finishes and standout performances," coach casey brewster said of his raider boys' team, which took fourth at the league tournament in omak saturday. rodger cate took the league championship at 113 pounds. collin christman (106) and kaden...




legals
legalspublic hearing notice is hereby given, the town of elmer city will hold a public hearing on february 13, 2025 at 5:45 p.m. • to approve ordinance 385, increasing monthly utility rates for water service, sewerage system, and solid waste collections, for the 2025 billing, effective march 1, 2025. • to approve ordinance 386, establishing an annual utility rate increase for water service, sewerage system, and solid waste collections, to commence january 1, 2026. city hall is located at 505 seaton avenue and is accessible to the handicapped....







most popularlone protester walks grand couleescott hunter  
school levy close but passingscott hunter  
anti-trump demonstration draws 1,500juan jocom  
vera benton  




















sections
newsopinionpeoplebirthscommunityobituariesschoolsportslifestyleslegals



newspaper

contactsubscribeabout



website

terms of useprivacy policysitemap*by using this website, you agree to our privacy policy and terms.







connect with us

p.o. box 150grand coulee, wa 99133ph: (509) 633-1350star@grandcoulee.com© 2025 star publishing, inc. dba the star 


follow us

rss












powered by roar online publication software from lions light corporation
     © copyright 2025










rendered 02/18/2025 05:14

