










        
    home

    
































skip to main content











  
                login
            
































main navigation menu





home


                                schools
                                


stewart county elementary school
stewart county middle school
stewart county high school
stewart county school district


news advisories


                                about scsd
                                


about
staff directory




                                departments
                                


superintendent
principal
finance
human resources
school board
counseling
special education
federal programs
21st cclc
assessment & testing information
pre- k
ctae
transportation
curriculum, instruction & accountability
instructional technology
athletics
food nutrition
maintenance
school & district plans
strategic plans/ waiver
non-discriminatory policy
office of civil rights reports
sacs reports
surveys
l4ga grant




                                health
                                


school nurse
infectious diseases


rfp/ bids
parent teacher organization (pto)
district master calendar


                                century 21
                                


pre-k education
a-team afterschool


title i
athletics
2024-25 school calendar
student/parent handbook
careers opportunities


                                links
                                


mail
parent portal id retrieval
eboard policy manual
esea flexibility request
dress code
infinite campus


school and district plans
infinite campus

















welcome to the stewart county school districthome of the royal knights


























































































































































































































































































































































































previous



next




























parents




students


















district master calendar








                            february
                        

                            18
                        






scs school board regular meeting



                                    6:00 pm
                                







                            february
                        

                            27
                        






pto/parent's "knight" conversations (literacy night)



                                    5:00 pm
                                







                            february
                        

                            28
                        






scs black history program 



                                    9:00 am
                                







                            march
                        

                            03
                        






muffins with mom & donuts with dad 



                                    9:00 am
                                







                            march
                        

                            11
                        






scs school board work session



                                    6:00 pm
                                







                            march
                        

                            12
                        






report cards









                            march
                        

                            18
                        






awards day program 






scs school board regular meeting



                                    6:00 pm
                                







                            march
                        

                            19
                        






digital learning day (work from home)








view all






















read the latest news!






                            ***new***scs newsletter 7 feb 2025.pdf
                        





                            2024-2025 parent-student handbook
                        





                            (updated) 2024-2025 academic calendar.pdf
                        


































































































    read it here! click on the newsletter to the right ➡️or scan the code above ⬆️to read the latest edition of the scoop @ the stew.
























































































approved calendar for 2024-2025 school year 






                            updated calendar 24-25.jpg
                        





































        district news
    








                        career technical and agricultural education at stewart county high school
                    


                        stewart county ctae student received microsoft office specialist certifications. amarri biggers is in the business and technology pathway and has received microsoft certifications for word 2019, word expert 2019, excel 2019 and powerpoint 2019. because of this achievement, she has obtained a microsoft office specialist associate certification. she will successfully complete the business communication class this semester and will count as a pathway completer.
                    


tue feb 11 01:37 pm










                        deputy commissioner susan adams from gdoe visits sces pre k
                    


                        deputy commissioner susan adams from the georgia department of early care and learning visited the stewart county pre-k class on monday, february 10, 2025. she delighted the students by reading a story, sparking their excitement and engagement. it was a wonderful experience having deputy adams join our smallest scholars at stewart county schools!   thank you deputy adams!

                    


tue feb 11 12:43 pm










                        bringing journalism to life: professor evey wilson
                    


                        schs students took a masterclass with emmy-award winning journalist, professor evey wilson.
                    


fri jan 17 08:35 am










                        ms. shuntuta brown completes police chief training
                    


                        the stewart county board of education is proud to recognize and congratulate ms. shuntuta brown on completing the chief of police training program. this achievement certifies her as the first chief of police for the newly established stewart county school district police department.

chief brown's appointment in july 2024 marked a historic step for our district as we relaunched our police department to enhance the safety and security of our schools and offices. the successful completion of this rigorous training program exemplifies her dedication, professionalism, and commitment to protecting our students, staff, and community.

in addition to her role as chief of police, chief brown continues to serve as a deputy with the stewart county sheriff's office, further strengthening the vital partnership between the school district and our local law enforcement agency. the stewart county board of education looks forward to chief brown's continued service as she leads our police department with integrity and excellence. 

congratulations, chief brown, on this remarkable achievement!
                    


wed dec 18 09:04 am










                        stewart county school district celebrates dual champions for education
                    


                        the stewart county school district is thrilled to announce that two of its
esteemed employees, ms. marilyn johnson and ms. edwina turner, have been recognized as
champions for education by the chattahoochee-flint regional education service agency
(resa). this prestigious award was presented on tuesday, december 3rd, at the annual
champions for education awards ceremony.

ms. johnson was nominated by superintendent dr. michael h. robinson, while ms. turner was
recommended by the district’s partner, columbus technical college.
stewart county is the only school district in the region to have two recipients of this honor.

superintendent robinson expressed immense pride in both winners, stating, “ms. johnson and ms.
turner have undeniably earned this recognition through their exceptional dedication and
contributions to education.”

the district extends its heartfelt congratulations to ms. johnson and ms. turner on this well-
deserved honor. their achievements reflect positively on the entire stewart county school district
community.
                    


thu dec 05 09:02 am










                        stewart county hosa club tours south ga technical college
                    


                        stewart county high-school hosa club toured sgtc in americus, georgia today. hosa (health occupations students of america) is a global organization that prepares students for careers in healthcare and related fields.  the students learned about the school's history, application process, and financial aid. the students had an opportunity to see the campus, including the academic buildings, dorms, and dining halls. the students enjoyed their lunch in the campus dining hall, they got a sense of what the food is like on campus. the students also visited the health department and the library.  we would like to thank tylen, pepito, students affairs admission counselor, for arranging the campus tour and kadeem williams, student affairs assistant of admissions for the wonderful campus tour.  our students got a feel for the campus environment.

hosa club advisors: mrs. tawnya hadley and ms. patti mcdonald

hosa club members:
zy'maiiya banks , masiah edge, antoine lane, samorah mccoy, and kanidria warren 

article by mrs. tawnya hadley
                    


thu nov 14 01:48 pm










                        stewart county elementary school named literacy leader school
                    


                        stewart county elementary school named literacy leader school
lumpkin, ga - the stewart county school district is thrilled to announce that our elementary
school has been named a literacy leader school by the georgia department of education. this
distinction celebrates schools that have demonstrated gateway growth designation as a literacy
leader based on the georgia milestones reading status indicator, determined by our 3rd

grade students'  lexile scores on specific ela assessment questions. this achievement reflects our
teacher, ms. arlece armour's dedication, the student’s hard work, and community support.
                    


mon nov 04 01:01 pm










                        scholars and staff recently honored at  scs school board meeting
                    


                        at a recent scs school board meeting, stewart county scholars and staff were awarded certificates of recognition for their hard work and achievements. 
                    


mon oct 21 12:51 pm










                        local self-serve kiosk now offers flu tests
                    


                        get tested for covid-19 and the flu at the self-serve kiosic at the wims recreation center in lumpkin, ga
                    


mon oct 21 11:18 am







            view all
        





















2023 student tardy policy 






                            2023 student tardy policy per 8_14_23.pdf
                        






















stewart county technology agreement 2023_24 (click here)















fy24 tentitive budget for 2023-2024






                            fy24 tentative budget for website.xlsx - google sheets.pdf
                        























                            school board minutes
                        





                            approved board meeting dates 2024.pdf
                        























                            stewart county report card
                        





                            school board agendas and documentation
                        





                            fy2023 budget.pdf
                        





                            arp lea application_plans
                        


















scs newsletters






                            scs newsletter 4.pdf
                        





                            scs newsletter fall 2023 3 final.pdf
                        





















scs master calendar




follow scs on twitter




 follow our district facebook page




schs facebook follow us!




sces/scms facebook follow us!




scs dress code




scs email




infinite campus 




scs instagram follow us!




technology portal













































stewart county school system is an equal opportunity employer. we are committed to providing a 
website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless 
of technology or ability. this website endeavors to comply with best 
practices and standards defined by section 508 of the u.s. 
rehabilitation act. if you would like additional assistance or have 
accessibility concerns, please contact the webmaster. 
we are always striving to improve the accessibility standards of our 
website.


























7168 green grove road, lumpkin, ga 31815ph: 229-838-4329 


















search














copyright © 2025 stewart county school district


 
















