




keynote speaker allen klein: humor in the workplace and motivational humor presentations









  

























































 

 member of the association for applied and therapeutic humor 















allen kleinthe jollytologist® 
humorous keynote & conference/convention speaker
workshop leader
    
    best-selling author
    
    therapeutic humor expert
    
    motivational humorist



how to find and use humor to deal with changes, challenges, and not-so-funny stressful stuff. humor for workplace wellness and motivational humor presentations for healthcare, hospice and other professionals. 





watch my tedx talk 
"your thoughts & intentions create your reality".




click here for a demo video 

(trt: 14-minutes) note: needs quicktime player to view.






i'm now a blogger for bottom line inc.
 
 my blog is 60 seconds of happy








allen klein, ma, csp* (aka "mr. jollytologist®") is an award-winning professional keynote speaker and best-selling author who shows audiences worldwide how humor can help them deal with everyday trials and tribulations as well as triumphing over tragedy.  allen is the 2009 recipient of the lifetime achievement award from the association for aplied and therapeutic humor.  klein's books have been published in eight different languages (english, spanish, danish, japanese, korean, chinese, hungarian, and turkish) with over 500,000 in print.












 *the coveted certified speaking professional designation,presented by the national speakers association, is the speaking industry's stamp of approval for platform excellence.










 	humor in the workplace, in hospice and motivational humorous keynote presentations:








comedy keynotes
convention openings
conference closings
corporate meetings
association events
breakout



in-service programs
seminars
spouse programs
staff meetings
retreats
workshops



click here for one-sheet 










klein's presentations are inspiring & interactive, entertaining & educational, motivational & moving, fun & funny.












meeting planners:   looking for a keynote speaker?  click here for program information  7 reasons to hire a jollytologist®















(allen klein) is "a noble and vital force watching over the human condition."


- jerry lewis


 "you were the only speaker to receive two, not one, but two, standing 
ovations from
the audience..."


-north american transplant coordinators organization 


 "one of the most magnificent performances i have ever  seen."


- patricia
                        fripp, former president of national speakers association and
             1996 cavett award winner















free e-zine  
click here to subscribe to mid-month mirth memo, a short amusing tidbit to brighten middle of the month monotony.










*click here to see allen without clothes.  *click here to see allen all dressed up.




 



copyright © 2017 by allen klein. all rights reserved.






