










sharon's dance studio - friendliest ballroom dance studio in kalamazoo michigan































call us today 269-544-2420






     












search...   











toggle navigation






calendarwedding danceclassesgroup lessonprivate lessontypes of ballroom dancingworkshops/eventsgalleryvideoabout
























												welcome to sharon's dance studio									


 

best of kalamazoo
this year we were awarded the best dance studio in kalamazoo from distinguished teaching 
 
covid update:
we are currently open to all couples and singles interesting in taking dance lessons. we offer traditional lessons and distanced lessons based on the comfort level of each student.
we are adhering to all cdc recommendations with regular sanitizing of all chairs, doorknobs, pens, and all office equipment. 
 
dance to fit your lifestyle
your dancing journey starts here. we welcome all people to sharon's dance studio to open their minds and hearts to the world of dance! we make dancing fun, exciting, and easy while giving you the tools you need to embark on your dancing journey. we have a fully trained friendly staff ready to help you learn. sharon’s dance studio caters to every dance level through group and private lessons. no partner needed. come to our dance parties and practice your new dance skills.
so whether you are dancing for the first time, looking for social dance ability, searching for a wonderful wedding dance, or seeking the challenge of a competition, sharon’s dance studio can help you complete all of your dancing goals. 
choose from a full ballroom dance program featuring latin, swing, smooth, and rhythm dances. we also offer salsa, hip hop, jazz, special guest workshops, and wedding workshops.
why sit down when you can dance?
no contract required 




 wedding dance 
 private lesson 

 


 

 calendar 
 group lesson 
 







dear sharon,
there are not enough thank you's. sam was right, you are a great lady. parchment is fortunate to have you involved in our annual fundraiser. you not only share your talent and passion for dance, but open your studio up to others as a place to learn and appreciate dance. i'm glad for the opportunity to work with you.
kris 



dear sharon,
i cannot express in words how grateful i am for you taking lauren and i under your wing these past couple moths. we have both grown and learned so much and i am very appreciative for that. you were patient and helpful with us even during our times of frustration. you worked with our schedules to make sure we were learning and making progress with our dancing. thank you so much and i look forward to continuing dancing with you in the future.
yours, charlie 



thank you so much sharon you were wonderful with us and i know we were tough students !! cindy was a gem with my make up and our dance was a hit ! we loved you and your dance lessons :) we got our pictures thousands of them, i will for sure get you a few and see you at some dance :) we made a promise to come back to your studio and do dance over the winter !!! this is my first day back to reality ( work) so i am just going through emails :/ thanks so much and be in touch soon my friend :)
missy 








6857 west main suite 4, kalamazoo, mi 49009direction to sharon's dance studio
 269-544-2420
sharons_dance@yahoo.com








login





     


                © 2025 sharon's dance studio. all rights reserved.
                


designed by red black tree 






