


get on the blandwagon!




















    
	get on the blandwagon!
	
  
you can go anywhere on the blandwagon! as long as it's bland!





friday, december 15, 2023



	 
	 return
	 
    


for all of the trepidation i felt
over the marathon flights between los angeles and melbourne, they
weren’t too bad. the seats were far enough apart that i didn’t
feel crushed, and there was always plenty to watch on my little
screen. on the return leg from la to melbourne i decided to take the
opportunity to just binge the entire first season of ‘the last of
us’, which isn’t on any of my streaming subscriptions at home, so that took care of at least ten hours of the time.


arriving
in melbourne at dawn, i had some coffee and did some writing and
photo editing, then boarded my final aircraft of this holiday: another
unpleasant little virgin boeing
737-800. goodbye free
booze and small touchscreen full of movies and tv shows, and hello…
other people. ugh.


it
turned out that this particular flight was going to be even more
ghastly than normal. there was a baby two rows behind me that started
crying almost immediately. there was another baby two rows behind her
that also started crying almost immediately. and across the aisle
there was an entire party of severely autistic people and their
carers, returning from some sort of neurodivergency con, judging from
their matching t-shirts, who could only express themselves in shrieks
and bellows.


it
was
so awful that it circled
around and became
hilarious. the two screaming babies and the autistic people actually
set each other off. either the babies thought
that this was
a game of who can howl the most penetratingly, or the autistic people
thought
that the babies’ screams give them permission to let loose. then
the screaming autistic people panicked
the babies and they screamed
louder.


and
just to add a sweet cherry onto the parfait of misery,
it was at this point that the battery finally ran flat on my
noise-cancelling headphones.


but
the good thing about horrible flights on budget airlines is that they
eventually come to an end, and you are probably somewhere you want
to be. and so it was that i landed in perth and shortly thereafter
was back at home.


the
nerd didn’t get a fiat like benny or explorer sam, or a vespa like
admiral ackbar, but he had the ‘friends’ set to bring together my
other lego holiday companions and
regale them with stories.



posted by blandwagon at 9:48 pm
0 comments






wednesday, december 13, 2023



	 
	 last
	 
    


today was the day that i left los
angeles and the united states, but my flight wasn’t until
mid-evening
so there was still time to get a little last minute touristing in.
since i was in the neighborhood, i decided to go up to the venice
canals at venice beach.


the
venice canals are what the canals in actual venice would look like if
they were laid down in straighter lines, dredged on a tight budget,
and all of the renaissance buildings were torn down and replaced with
small, very expensive designer cottages. still, these canals were
similarly bereft of cars – uniquely in los angeles, i suspect –
so it was pleasant to walk up and down the narrow paths that
separated the cute little buildings from the cute little canals.



with
time slipping away i chose to make one last run to the getty museum,
to catch the parts i missed the first time around. this mostly
entailed a couple of galleries of wonderful modern photography,
including this work:


turtle
orgies take, like, forever,
arthur tress, 1975


i
also stumbled across a perfect composition of my own, which i snapped
with my iphone as i emerged from one of the galleries.


still
life with fatigued fat-ass,
blandwagon, 2023


as
the sun dipped towards the horizon there was also an opportunity to
stroll in the gardens, which are an amazing work of art in
themselves. it’s a bit of a cliché to say that a garden is a work
of art, but the gardens at the getty actually look like they were
designed by a leading modern artist, playing with the artistic
possibilities of mundane items like garden stakes and trellises,
contrasting poisonous flowers with quaint cottage plantings, and
glorying in great swathes of architectural cacti and succulents. 




it
was actually a lovely way to finish my los angeles holiday, standing
on the terraces of a spectacular art gallery, watching the sun sink
into the ocean and casting a golden glow over the land. although
realistically, the smog probably helped with the glow.


once
the sun had set there was nothing left to do but battle rush hour
traffic to get to the airport… pausing only at in-n-out for one
last brush with american fast food.



posted by blandwagon at 11:48 pm
0 comments






tuesday, december 12, 2023



	 
	 divides
	 
    


the complementary breakfast at the
manhattan beach hotel turned out to be the most lavish one yet.
oatmeal. danishes. eggs, sausages, pancakes and hashbrowns. a pick
and mix yoghurt bar. four kinds of cereal. two kinds of bagels and
three kinds of toast. seven different flavours of
make-your-own-waffles! the coffee was terrible, as all american hotel
coffee is, but it was on the less offensive end of the spectrum.


i
decided to make use of the kitchenette in my room and make dinner
tonight. all of the local supermarkets are the expensive ones, so i
persuaded my friend to drive me to the nearest aldi to manhattan
beach... which turned out to be 7 miles away in inglewood. inglewood
isn’t quite south central, watts or compton, but it’s adjacent;
you could probably chuck a rock from it and hit those areas... not
that i’d recommend that unless you want a cap popped in your ass.
at least aldis in the us are as comparatively inexpensive as their
australian cousins, and i could buy groceries without weeping. the
presence of sweet old black church ladies, who made up 90% of the
people in the store, helped to offset the dead-eyed gangsta youths
loitering in the carpark.


in
the afternoon i went cycling along the beachfront from hermosa beach
right up to playa del ray, about eight and a half miles each way.
from a grand house on the boardwalk up for sale at $45,000,000au to
homeless people washing themselves at the dog watering taps next to
the sewage treatment plant under the flightpath of the airport, all
in just a few minutes’ cycling.



dinner
in the evening was a success, primarily because us aldi sells the
same great prosecco as australia aldi. any meal with aldi prosecco is
a good meal.



posted by blandwagon at 11:30 pm
0 comments






monday, december 11, 2023



	 
	 best
	 
    


the new room at the terrible hotel
was a significant improvement over the previous one. it was much
smaller – barely larger than the bed itself – and had no desk, no
closet, no chair, no luggage rack and a pervasive odd smell. however
the bed was much more comfortable, and once the drug dealers closed
up shop for the day it was so quiet that i could sleep with the
window open and have delicious fresh air flowing in and abating the
smell.


even
so, it was with great relief that i left it this morning and travelled a few miles to the south-west to manhattan beach, and my final hotel
for this holiday, which turned out to be a completely different
experience. my room is actually a mini-suite, with a kitchen, two
televisions, a dishwasher and even a fireplace. it’s such a
contrast that i suspect there may have been a booking error, but
since it hasn’t been charged to my credit card i’m keeping my
mouth shut.


after
settling into my suite i took a walk down the seashore, through the
immaculately curated upper-middle class suburbs. it’s the sort of
place where the residents set up those little library boxes on the
sidewalk, and have bowls of free candy in their gardens for the local
children to take as they admire the comprehensive displays of
christmas lights and inflatable santas. manhattan beach doesn’t
have homeless people, so these affectations can be entertained. why
manhattan beach doesn’t have homeless people is a mystery, and one
suspects there is a lot of shadowy work behind the scenes to ensure
that it stays that way.


even
down on the beach itself, which is crowded with decaying winnebagos
and dirty tents just a mile or two north, there’s just children
cavorting wholesomely on the sand or in the surf, locals walking
expensive dogs or riding expensive bikes, and tourists carefully
instagraming their serenity in the golden glow of the sunset
(#blessed). like sydney, la makes a lot more sense when you can see
the water – all cynicism aside, it’s genuinely beautiful,
tranquil and delightful.



after
watching the sunset and strolling the pier, i looked up the nearest
hipster bar, apparently just called ‘x’, and wandered in that
direction. my initial impressions were promising, as i walked back
and forth on the little stretch of street where google maps promised
it was without being able to locate it: in my experience, all of the
best bars are almost impossible to find. when i finally worked out
that i needed to walk into a closed and dark restaurant, then dart
quickly to the left through its lobby into the bar, i was rewarded
with exactly my kind of venue. velvet couches, mezcal-heavy drinks,
fondly kitsch 80s music (electric dreams by georgio moroder, the
riddle by nik kershaw, chequered love by kim wilde, etc), high
quality stainless steel garnish skewers that no one cared that i
souvenired, and a chatty bartender who turned out to be from colorado
springs and comped me my second drink. best bar ever!



posted by blandwagon at 9:47 pm
0 comments






sunday, december 10, 2023



	 
	 contrasts
	 
    


my hotel in sherman oaks didn’t have a complimentary breakfast,
apparently because the previous owners sold the dining room and
kitchen to a denny’s franchise, leaving the hotel with barely
enough room for a lobby. but the new terrible hotel had a
complimentary breakfast, and i figured it couldn’t be worse than
the grim breakfast options at joshua tree.


again, i
am very good at underestimating los angeles.


the
breakfast room had little pouches of microwavable sausages and
biscuits, packets of shortbread cookies, sachets of instant oatmeal
and, bafflingly, the same make-your-own waffle machine as the nice
hotel in palm springs. but there was no cereals, no fresh fruit, no
yoghurt, no eggs or bacon, no muffins or even toast.


with
limited options i decided to make myself a waffle, and it became a
cautionary tale of how to ruin the concept of waffles completely. i
pushed the lever to issue the batter, and it took fully 60 seconds
for enough turgid batter to ooze out of the nozzle to fill the cup.
the waffle machine itself was clean – clearly few people are as
desperate for a waffle as i am – so it cooked up nicely, but then
the syrup dispenser didn’t work. i eventually got some syrup out of
it by disassembling the pump. 



as i ate
the world’s saddest waffle it occurred to me that, given the
turgidity of the batter, and given the general lack of care or
cleanliness in this hotel, it probably wasn’t the wisest move to do
so. batter goes off in almost no time, growing mould more efficiently
than agar. besides sadness, what else was i ingesting?


i still
ate it, because waffle, and also because of the sunk cost fallacy:
i’d put a considerable amount of work into making it and syruping
it. 



i regained
my composure by walking half an hour down to republique, the fanciest
cafe in los angeles, where i had an excellent cortado coffee and my
first la celebrity sighting when vince vaughn reached in front of me
in the order queue to grab a loaf of artisanal bread.


unfortunately
i have to be at the same terrible hotel tonight. i looked into the
boutique hotel around the corner, the one with the delightful bar,
and their cheapest room for tonight was $280us, or $400au. i may be a
rich and fancy man but i am not that rich. the terrible hotel
is $130us ($200au) cheaper, so here i stay. 



i did have
to move to a different room, but this one is on the upper floor so i
won’t have someone crashing about overhead at 4.45 as i did this
morning. this new room faces the alley rather than the noisy street,
so apart from a couple of blaxploitation characters currently making
a drug deal out there, it’s quieter.


walking
around this part of los angeles reminded me of a concept of john
kenneth galbraith’s; that private affluence and public squalor are
a warning sign of malaise in a society. it’s almost painfully
obvious in this part of la. fitness studios and doggy daycare spas
stand next to abandoned cars and roads that are more pothole than
asphalt. cutting edge robot delivery drones manoeuvre themselves
around homeless people sprawled on the sidewalk. the garden beds
around restaurants and homewares stores are immaculate and lushly
planted, but the sidewalk pavement is broken and buckled.



it
may seem like an odd example, but take these hanging baskets at the
grove.




with
their packed volume of meticulously cultivated blooms, and elegantly
trailing tendrils, they are ridiculously, ostentatiously perfect. and
there are dozens of them hanging from the lamp posts all over the
grove’s privately owned footprint. meanwhile on the street outside,
the crosswalk is so worn and faded that i didn’t even realise it
was there until i saw the call button, and the bus shelters all have
homeless people living behind them, using them as one wall of their
makeshift shacks.



posted by blandwagon at 4:01 pm
0 comments






saturday, december 09, 2023



	 
	 better
	 
    


after staying in a hotel in sherman oaks for the last week, i got the
opportunity to switch to a different hotel in the same chain in
fairfax, just east of beverly hills. sherman oaks is an almost
featureless suburban wasteland – the nearest proper supermarket was
a 45 minute walk from my hotel – so moving to a more central
location with plenty of cafes, shops and bars seemed like a good
idea. fairfax has a wholefoods, the los angeles county museum of art,
and the cbs tv studio where they film some of their reality shows, so
i assumed that it had to be a decent area.


i had much
to learn about la.


the first
indicator that this hotel might be a step down from the previous one
was the stench of old urine in the external stairwell. then there was
the fact that the lobby had security doors that could allow it to be
locked down from the rest of the hotel. 



the room
itself, once i got there, was very spacious, but unfortunately that
just allowed more horribleness to be packed in. the pillows on the
bed were somehow simultaneously flat and lumpy. it was on the ground
floor, facing the street, and the window overlooked the homeless
encampment on the sidewalk. the catch on the door wasn’t a metal
insert, but a series of holes gouged into the door frame. there was
no little pad and pen, no desk lamp, no complementary bottled water.
there were mysterious stains on the ceilings. and walls. and carpet.


but
staying at this hotel is a little like voting for donald trump: you
don’t want to do it, but you can’t identify a viable alternative
so you hold your nose and just get it over with. and to be fair the
location really is great. it’s only a block from the grove, one of
the other tourist attractions that google will inevitably throw at you
if you ask it for classy things to do in la. the grove is a singular
example of the american philosophy that if something is worth doing,
it’s worth wildly overdoing.



if you’ve
ever wondered what it would be like to wander through a hallmark
christmas movie’s idea of a charming town square, then visit the
grove in december, when they go apeshit with the decorations,
fairylights and an overloaded christmas tree the size of the burj
khalifa. i half expected to see lacey chabert bustling though the
crowds, arms loaded with christmas presents, before bumping into the
hometown hunk she dumped when she left to become a professional girl
in the big city.

i finished
my evening at a much nicer hotel than mine, having cocktails in the
bar at the short stories boutique hotel just around the corner. if
only i could have stayed.



posted by blandwagon at 11:48 pm
0 comments






friday, december 08, 2023



	 
	 fakery
	 
    



the day began at the belgium waffle haus, a cafe about as
authentically belgian as a wallaby, but serving waffles loaded with
fruit and toasted pecans. and acceptable coffee, which is almost
alarming at this point.



after
breakfast, my angelino friend and i went for a couple of rounds of
minigolf. it turns out that i’m better at minigolf than i am at go-carting, and i actually won by a couple of strokes. fear my mad
skillz, giant novelty toadstools and little dutch windmills!following my minigolf triumph, i thought it only fair to give the nerd a chance to further experience the thrill of proximity to tv fame. so i bought him a scale model of central perk from 'friends'. i realise that 'friends' was set in new york, but it was in fact entirely shot in the la suburb of burbank, so it counts.then it was on to 'the golden girls'... which was set in miami but, again, filmed in la. the exterior shots of their home were actually from a house just up the road from me in brentwood. this country is full of lies!in the
evening i followed my nose to public school 808, a local bar a half
hour walk from my hotel. or maybe it was just an actual school that
sold booze? in any case, they had decent cocktails, so at least
they’re teaching relevant life skills to the children of sherman
oaks.the nerd maintained his opposition to my incessant boozing. i took his opinion under advisement.



posted by blandwagon at 8:14 pm
0 comments











about me

name:  blandwagon 
location:  perth, western australia, australia 
making the least of every day...
view my complete profile

previous posts

return
last
divides
best
contrasts
better
fakery
trophies
new
finery

archives

december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
september 2012
october 2012
november 2012
december 2012
january 2013
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
may 2013
june 2013
july 2013
august 2013
september 2013
october 2013
november 2013
december 2013
january 2014
february 2014
march 2014
may 2014
june 2014
august 2014
september 2014
march 2015
july 2015
march 2016
april 2016
august 2016
november 2016
february 2019
march 2019
april 2019
may 2019
april 2022
april 2023
july 2023
november 2023
december 2023




 


people who link to me
be.bartlog
iris flavia
prudence says
troy grisgonelle
will type for food
people who don't link to me
apartment therapy
basic instructions
concerned
dezeen
james lileks
regretsy
scarygoround
tim blair
wondermark
xkcd
mst3k reviews
agent for h.a.r.m.
attack of the giant leeches
attack of the the eye creatures
the beast of yucca flats
the blood waters of dr z
boggy creek ii: and the legend continues...
code name: diamond head
danger: diabolik
eegah
fire maidens of outer space
fugitive alien
future war
the girl in gold boots
girls town
the horrors of spider island
the incredible melting man
it lives by night
kitten with a whip
laserblast
the mad monster
the magic sword
mitchell
the mole people
monster-a-go-go
night of the blood beast
phase iv
quest of the delta knights
santa claus
santa claus conquers the martians
the sidehackers
stranded in space
teenagers from outer space
time of the apes
the unearthly
untamed youth
warrior of the lost world
the wild wild world of batwoman
women of the prehistoric planet
other movie reviews
2012
4 for texas
africa express
alfie
alien intruder
bad boys ii
beyond the valley of the dolls
the big doll house
black dynamite
blade trinity
bloodline
the blue max
the book of eli
bronx executioner
capricorn 1
captain kronos: vampire hunter
casino royale
cat people
circus of fear
clash of the titans
cleopatra jones & the casino of gold
cloverfield
the cocaine fiends
code of silence
de-lovely
the disco godfather
dragon hunter
dr no
elvira's haunted hills
fun in acapulco
garden state
the guy from harlem
house of usher
idaho transfer
immortal
the invisible
the invisible man
the island
the karate kid
kiss me deadly
kung fu hustle
laser mission
laura (aka night of the devil lamps)
lemora
loaded gun
the loves & times of scaramouche
mad max ii
man against the mob: the chinatown murders
the man from hong kong
the masque of the red death
the mighty peking man
the mistress of atlantis
mysterious island
oasis of the zombies
once before i die
omoo-omoo the shark god
paris, texas
the people that time forgot
piranha
the pit & the pendulum
project moonbase
pyscho
the rage in placid lake
red sun
savage journey
scanners
serenity
shaun of the dead
she
shoot 'em up
slave of the cannibal god
slave of the cannibal god (version 2)
snow beast
something's happening
space fury
stateline motel
stranger than fiction
taxi
the 10th victim
them!
tnt jackson
vanishing point
wallace & gromit: the curse of the were-rabbit
the war of the worlds
wedding crashers
what's new pussycat?
the wizard of mars
x: the unknown
tv reviews
dr who (1980s)
dr who (2000s)
the invaders (part 1)
the invaders (part 2)
sapphire & steel






 



