



 
primarytreasure.com – a magazine for children beginning to know jesus






























































































                                	menu                                    
home
stories
prayer requests
for parents
for writers
contact us
subscribe
  
   




   

81763 
   





 

 







this week's memory verses


beginner
“in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth”
(genesis 1:1, nkjv)


read lesson


kindergarten 
“love your neighbor as yourself.”
(luke 10:27, niv)


read lesson


primary 
“the lord is my shepherd, i lack nothing. he makes me lie down in green pastures”
(psalm 23:1, 2)


read lessonthe latest stories      posted on 13 feb 2025		 /   0  comments  			/   admin    sheep in sabbath school “so now we’ll go outside, and mrs. benson will show us the sheep she brought along with her to church today,” pastor chuck said.   story  read more       posted on 06 feb 2025		 /   0  comments  			/   admin    trevor’s brilliant idea trevor paul monroe had an idea. it was such a brilliant idea that even he was dazzled by it. he needed permission for one little part of it though.   story  read more do a puzzle!
can you unscramble the puzzle from this week’s lesson?






play a game!














current prayer requests
pray for my family and i in this difficult time.–whitney
please pray for my uncle jacque, that god may heal him and give him strength. he’s been sick since last november.–nathan
please pray for my son declan huxley who had wound infection on his knees and could hardly walk and go to school. –donna
please pray that my dad takes me to church. i want to go church but my dad takes me other places.–sophie
my mom and i have really been sick and we are needing god’s powerful healing and strength. please pray for us.–julie
please pray for my friend elizabette, who is currently going through a tough situation.–julie
please pray for a 2 – year-old in california that got run over by a lawnmower. she is still alive in the children’s hospital.—abbyp


share your prayer requestfor parentsfind out what primary treasure and our little friend can do for your children.for teachersadd this take-home magazine to your children’s ministry for a blessing that lasts all week.for writerswrite a story that will build character and bring children closer to jesus.







this weekly, 16-page magazine focuses on developing a child’s relationship with jesus. children, ages 6-9, learn about god’s love through stories, bible lessons, activities, and a devotional thought.


subscribe







colorful pictures, engaging stories, memory verses, and fun activities help children ages 1 – 6 as they learn the principles behind the kindergarten and beginner bible lessons.


subscribe

 
 


pageshome
stories
games
lessons
prayer requests
for parents
for teachers
for writers
the team
about us
contact us
subscribe
hours mon – 8:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. mt
tue – 8:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. mt
wed – 8:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. mt
thu – 8:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. mt

contact
	
a ministry of the pacific press publishing association.





	visit us at:
1350 n kings rdnampa, id 83687





 
	send us an email.
 


copyright 2023 pacific press publishing association. all rights reserved. privacy policy 
 










































