






anji, inc.









































skip to content



























menu 
homeabout jennifer bloomeanji store anji infertility meditations anji pregnancy meditations anji women’s wellness meditations relief now being fertile introductory experienceeft for fertilitywork with me sessions activating fertility being fertile systemblogcontact uslogin








 













struggling to conceive your baby?

















transform your struggle into being fertile.
get started with our free being fertile meditation and
introductory presentation: the science of being fertile.







subscribe 







 

 



don’t wait to do this



				by jennifer bloome 
·

					november 27, 2024				


don’t wait to do this today, on the eve of thanksgiving here in the us, i offer deep appreciation for your presence here in the anji community. neither you nor i wish there was any use for a specific focus on needing to amplify fertility – and, when we come…
continue reading






 

 



what do you need today?



				by jennifer bloome 
·

					november 6, 2024				


what do you need today? the language of today’s newsletter will be directed at my us community – but it is transferable to all the pain and suffering happening in all parts of our world. what do you need today, this post-election day? what do you need to feel ok?…
continue reading












click here to read more blog posts


















being fertile system
most of us have been taught to push and strive and do...
continue reading


















about jennifer bloome
welcome to anji, inc.! i am jennifer bloome, msot hwc, a health and...
continue reading


















activating fertility
knowing the difference between conceiving and fertility changes...
continue reading









"it is not your job to make a pregnancy happen.
it is your job to receive a pregnancy."






jennifer bloome









 














© 2023 jennifer bloome, anji, inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms of service | cookie policy









 

	 



















