ï»¿




tuxedo junction



























































 | call: 856-854-4484










































tuxedo junction





		
611 white horse pike, haddon township, nj 08107







  call us: 856-854-4484






















 































customers tell us...
...they saved $100 - $160 off other competitors for the 
				same exact tuxedo. highest price for any tuxedo is $59.90, highest price for accessories is $19.99.











all the very latest styles
almost 2000 different combinations of vests, ties, pocket squares, etc. to easily coordinate to any bridesmaid or prom dress color scheme. 
				no one comes close to our selection.











any occasion, any day, any size, any style 
we have it all, including alterations and pressing on the premises for a super fit.



 






weddings
absolute free tux to the groom. we were the first in the area to offer the free tux program. save the guys in your party $$$$. great ringbearer discount too!

































 more information below


 



















vests
all the latest style and colors. we make everybody 
							look good. 
							 







shoes
we have many styles and all sizes...we have everyone covered. look great from head to toe...








ties and cumberbuns
more styles and color selections than anyone else 
							anywhere. nearly 2000 color combinations, we'll help 
							you make a match. come see us and marvel at our selection.








accessories
cuff links, stick pins, jewelry, pocket squares, etc... 
							you'll be the best dressed in the room. many ways to 
							distinguish each person in your party.


















 
 










 



here's how we earn your business! 

offering all the latest styles of tuxedos, suits and accessories. 
we will save you $100 - $160 per person off anyone's prices for the exact same tuxedo elsewhere. 
all stock, alteration, pressing on premises for a super fit.
unbeatable service - unbeatable savings
free tuxedo for groom
ringbearer discount
out of area groomsmen or ushers are no problem
every vest color imaginable 
2000 different color combinations of accessories
only minutes away from any area in south jersey or philadelphia 



 






 


oh yeah! don't forget we're so close!
minutes from all bridges: the commodore, the walt, the ben, the betsy and the tacony-palmyra
we're number 611 on the white horse pike (rt. 30) 
		in oaklyn, nj

 










 





 


tuxedo junction 
helping you get the perfect style for your wedding, prom or other occasion.  
	all the latest styles and accessories.
our business philosophy has always been "be first, be better and be the lowest cost formal wear provider". we're one of the few or maybe only tuxedo rental store that 
	owns, rents and maintains our own suits in house. when you call us you will speak to the people who 
	put your tuxes and accessories together.
whether you need help deciding which tux will make you look your best, 
	have a question about one of our products, or just want to make sure we really have 
	the best prices around... just call 1-856-854-4484


 


 





8 great reasons to rent from tuxedo junction!








by far, our tuxedos are the lowest priced suits in the area. 
				save $100 - $160 on the 
				same exact tuxedo elsewhere
we have all the very latest styles, the most color 
				combinations to match her.
we are minutes away from everywhere in south jersey and all 
				the bridges to pa.
try on your suit in the store. alteration and suit 
				pressing are available on the premises.
free tux to the groom and a great ringbearer discount. save 
				the guys in your party $$$$.
free "out of area" measurement program.
we've designed a formal wear store that covers all the bases from our 40+ years in the business.
				
open seven days a week. can't beat that!

































  about our company

		tuxedo junction was started in 1972 by the late angelo "vince" 
		vinciguerra, a local wedding and portrait photographer as a way to 
		supplement his wildly popular photography studio. his dedication to 
		making sure everything was "picture perfect" is still our benchmark. let 
		us earn your repeat business.




  recent updates


weddings are our year-round bread and butter. need help? need a 
			recommendation? we know everybody in the wedding industry...pick our 
			brain, ask today!







 contact info
address:
		611 white horse pike, haddon township, nj 08107phone number:
		856.854.4484












tuxedo junction


copyright 2024. tuxedo junction, inc.,  all rights reserved.
maintained by mikejensen.com
























 




