



 templeton interactive































 



















menu









home
about
services
clients
testimonials
blog
contact









949-376-7276
















 don’t sell to clients - educate them! 
templeton interactive develops engaging and compelling content for businesses
                that want to build their brands and increase revenue.








what is content marketing?  
according to wikipedia, content marketing is a form of marketing focused on creating, publishing, and
              distributing content for a targeted audience online. 
 it is often used by businesses in order to: 

attract attention and generate leads
increase brand awareness or credibility
expand their customer base
engage an online community of users
 generate or increase online sales


explore our services









how it works





step 1
templeton interactive studies
              your business and industry, to determine
              your value proposition and what makes
                  you unique.







step 2
we develop custom content to tell your story in a way that keeps buyers interested. types of content include web sites, blog posts, articles for trade publications, press releases, case studies, applications notes, competitive “kill sheets” and white papers






step 3
we then develop a targeted distribution strategy to get the content in front of the right people.  targeted platforms include the company’s own web site, social media pages, & industry media.













get started and 
              grow your business today!
contact templeton interactive for a free 30 minute
              strategic consultation. tell us what is and isn’t 
              currently working with your business, and we’ll put a
                  plan together for you with some fresh ideas.

contact us







our clients






our blog












 eskorte data escorte moss & nicki minaj porno eskorte jenter i bergen
sexgratis kontaktannonse milf solodet var liksom en lek å prøve å finne det som stemmer. siste måned har denne profilen hatt 12 sidevisninger. har du sølt kaffe eller fått fettbaserte flekker, bør de legges i kaldt vann...
 read more+


 eight ways that running a marathon is like running a marketing campaign
when i founded templeton interactive several years ago, i needed a way to keep in shape and clear my head, while coming up with new and interesting ways to help my clients.  it turns out that running is a great way to do all of these things.  you’d be surprised how much brainstorming you can do while out on the road or trails for 3-4 hours at a t...
 read more+


 a brief history of software protection and licensing
up until the 1980s, there were few if any licensing strategies, beyond simply selling a software program and hoping that it wouldn’t be copied.  licensing wasn’t an issue for many early applications, because the software was shipped in a hard to copy format, such as proprietary game cassettes or on audio tapes, which were difficult to duplicate...
 read more+
















contact us






contact@templeton-interactive.com



949 376 7276











 













 





 







 


 






home
about us
services
clients
testimonials
contact us
blog
sitemap
 
all contents © 2025. templeton-interactive.com. all rights reserved.
























