



bucking v outfit - montana - personal site














bucking.v.outfit@gmail.com
buckingv.com




 




 
free download:
2025 julian calendar
w/ moon phases


 montana 
                  homestead




                  the buck stops here...











moon phases












 


bucking v outfit
              crow country curly horses
            roundup montana

heritagehorse.org
            international heritage horse assn
            preservation of rare horses

curlyhorses.com
bad warrior horse preservation
native american sansan horses
rare hypoallergenic curly ranch horses

"in god we trust"



homestead cattle association (hca)
	          homestead cattle registry
	          miniature cattle registry
u.s. normande organization (usno)
belfair & irish jersey cattle registry

homestead & miniature cattle directory
        resources for cattle owners

heritage-cattle directory
 a breeder directory of rare cattle

family & friends private archive 


 



the late great *seekers warrior 
    
montana holdout


  and resumes over there...


and lynx lynette; 
photos by sorrel.de          


 



2012 dg working cattle with friends on the high 
                desert
 
              about me: i am donna grace; i descend from a gritty old 
              homesteader family. i raised 2 daughters that are the salt of the 
            earth, who i love with all my heart - they are my greatest achievement.

 i have been in agriculture all my life. i have been an ai tech since 
                  i was a kid; and have raised registered cattle and horses off and 
                  on my whole life. in my hayday i ranched over 6500 acres on the 
                  crow indian reservation, our family running a working guest cattle 
                  ranch with grain & hay farming, commercial and registered beef 
                  cattle herds, working stock dogs and a 100+ range horse breeding 
                  operation. there we raised and trained our own ranch horses, which 
                  included fancy roan hancock quarter horses, and curly ranch horses 
                  that were hypoallergenic stockhorses (that traced mostly to origins of old
                  foundation quarter horse bloodlines).

              we bred and owned a few last best hypoallergenic stock horses; including lynx warrior wind (below).


 *lynx warrior wind - icho-106d / abc-465-1/2 ---- 15 hh ---- dob: 05-05-1999
    sire: seekers warrior, dam: aqha two eyed twister
    now retired on killingsworth ranch, agra, oklahoma
 my late, lovely, loyal registered border collie, the well balanced biddable capability to work stylish & soft enough for sheep, but with the confidence, power & bite needed for cattle, my former basin border collies, or,  bred ruby (pictured to the right), who i still miss so much.

2016: i finally found 
                        the right stockdog to follow after her. this is another very special soul that needs me, and i need her. she may not be as pretty as ruby was, 
                        but she possesses fierce herding desire, a non-stop can-do "tude" and is very odd and unusual. she lived in a fenced kennel the first 
              7 months of her life, until i ran across her. winja is very weird, loving, loyal, highly wired, needy, confident, happy, worried, crazy, and a joy. she is of the old hinton bloodline, the first bc cattledogs in tennessee, not many left now. oh, and if deb taylor ever wants a pup out of winja, she's owed one. over labor day, if you are ever in middle tennessee, be sure to stop by shady acres sheep dog trial (sasdt) held annually in duck river, put on by my sister paula and her hubby steven.



"be what you want the world to be"  ~  ghandi



 i used to have a substantial curly horse breeding program;
                now several of us are working on a curly stockhorse preservation project


pictured in ad is sage, full sister to warrior wind
                photo by owner, sheryl d'uva, washington
 







 



              here is the article about us, michelle thompson (heritage 
              hancock quarter horses, alberta) and i, about our long owned partnership 
              website, hancockhorses.com 
              -- featured in april 2008 aqha members' america's horse magazine 
              (distribution: over 311,000 to all 50 states, canada and 70 countries). 
              the article was written and submitted to aqha by author john 
            moore (see below) of miles city mt.
article 
              [pg one] on page 46    

article [pg 
              two] on page 47    
 







john moore, brett badgett and wally badgett from 
            the dvd "houlihan," released may 2008 by j&s productions. "houlihan" 
            is the fourth in a series of documentaries on cowboys and horsemanship. 
            the first three were "tapadero," "remuda" and "hola paniolo." "the 
            'houlihan' production was filmed in northern wyoming and much of montana. 
            locally it is available at miles city saddlery. you will have to check 
            in your area or order through their website 
            or by phone. i think this is a pretty good film," says john. john 
            is the author of the april article about hancockhorses.com in the 
            aqha membership magazine, americas horse. john is the author of a 
            couple thousand articles and eight books including the award-winning 
            novel the breaking of ezra riley. brett's artwork is displayed in 
            fine galleries and his bronze, "laying the trip," is featured on the 
            grounds of the prorodeo hall of fame. wally, a former nfr bullrider, 
            is the creator of the cowboy cartoon "earl."

            "thank you john, for such a super job with the outstanding 
            article in america's horse about hancockhorses.com! and thanks for 
            all the emails & letters we have received from americas horse 
            and hancockhorses.com readers! please keep them coming, write us any 
            time, we love to hear from you!"  ~ michelle thompson & donna 
            g vickery.

2023 update: michelle and donna sold the hancockhorses.com domain and the website content by private treaty to jennifer, with the continued goal of quality bloodline promotion & preservation.



trooper {aqha crow fair hancock}
stolen in 2014 by carrie freeland and her daughter, 
nicol (bobbi) vanderheyden, chicago, illinois: 

trooper -- aqha crow fair hancock aqha 4904280,  
dna case no. qh979821, 
2005 "bay roan" (brown based, looking blue) gelding, 16.1 hh, 1425 lbs., 
2 hind fetlocks and left fore inside 1/2 coronet white, star. freeze branded.

update: tracked down, found and recovered in new mexico


 homeward bound: donna and trooper; photo by marcia, feb 2015




valley maye's last best riding ranch mare:



"maddy" blue maddy hancock, 2005 apha blue roan tobiano mare.
maddy came from the jim west ranches, nevada (buckaroo country).
we make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -- 
      norman macfinan
 


 




archive
recipes
aging
cancer
detox
dmso
gut health
h2o2




health hacks
supplements
mg
mold
parasites
vaxx
weight




 


