



  






 

home - the trails




























































































taking too long? close loading screen.














                            loading....                        

































the eota logo







home
about
the outdoors
the trails
package deals
passes
quotes / tenders
contact




home
about
the outdoors
the trails
package deals
passes
quotes / tenders
contact









facebook
twitter
youtube















rtco 
							learn more 
							
 


 


 














 







































how we can helpyour backyard just got bigger!


the trails is part of your backyard! see what we have to offer you and the fun that you can share with the whole family. from our travel tested trails to the many accommodations, eastern ontario trails alliance offers destinations filled with excitement and adventure.


latestviewing our current newsletter
download latestpreviousviewing our previous newsletter
download previousupdaterecent trail maintenance and developments
view document



































 



trails are a wonderful way to spend an enjoyable day, relaxing and taking in the sights. you will see some spectacular scenery and natural areas as you travel the trails. we ask that you observe these few rules of the trail etiquette so that everyone’s outing will be fun and you will help preserve trails for future generations.






please stay on the main trails! some areas have rare sensitive plants and small animals that can be easily damaged or destroyed. don’t make new trails or use unmarked (unsigned) trails.
some areas may require user fees. please prepare to pay a fee.
please respect neighbouring landowners by staying off private trails and property. avoid excessive noise.
please leave the trail as you found it; whatever you pack in, pack out.
please leave the wildflowers and wildlife for others to enjoy.
keep dogs on a leash at all times while on the trail.







all users to slow to a walking speed when meeting up with other users and be prepared to stop.
respect and be courteous to other users who are also using shared use trails. always yield right of way to other trail users who are approaching or passing. be certain to communicate in advance with riders of horses, dog teams and those walking pets.
use bridges for water crossings.
please slow down when your vision of the trail is restricted.
avoid sudden stops and starts and quick directional changes with acceleration.
no all-terrain vehicles on snow groomed trails 



get a pass





  get your own map







the eastern ontario recreational trails map is a valuable resource for trail users. if you wish to receive a hardcopy of the map, please e-mail your name and full address, and you will receive a map in the mail.


 interactive trails map





making memories


send us or post your story, pictures & videos to our facebook page. your adventure might be featured next!












trails packages


make memories with limitless outdoor activites on the trails. come and enjoy a spectacular journey, surrounded by natural beauty.





atv guided tours
action & adventure
tour and discover
arts and heritage
wellness and escape



see packagesplaces to ride


























don’t forget – press “f” to enter and exit full-screen








  business owners


become a trails marketing partner, attract business, get found and increase sales!







 






 


 















t 613.478.1444
tf   1.877.889.8810
e     info@thetrail.ca 
a: 255 metcalf st. tweed, on







for business
for tour operators
for media
eota 10 year business plan
eota strategic plan
ofatv/eota partnership proposal
return to top





navigation
for businessfor tour operatorsfor mediaeota 10 year business planeota strategic planofatv/eota partnership proposal 

























©  eastern ontario trails association.





designed by engine communications







5022


				snowmobiling			

eastern ontario’s lakes, forests and farmland beckon snowmobilers who come for the crisp, old-fashioned winters and the warm hospitality. this region encompasses a huge triangular area located between lake ontario and the st. lawrence river in the south, and algonquin park and the ottawa river on its northern edge. it boasts approximately 10,000 km (6,600 mi.) of ofsc snowmobile trails.
eastern ontario includes all or part of four ofsc districts.
interested in guided tours?
highland wilderness tours offers ontario snowmobiling trips and snowmobile tours – private guided tours near algonquin park, ontario!

visit ride the wilderness to learn more.

select a district below for detailed trail conditions:
district 1 district 2 district 3 district 6


			×			


5030


				horseback riding			

there is something about the outside of a horse that is good for the inside of a man.
~ sir winston churchill
yes, there is something extra special about seeing horseback riders. to those of us that haven’t enjoyed the wonder of horses, it seems almost magical.
our trails are perfect for riding your horse on your own or with friends and family. why not get a group together, pack a picnic to enjoy along the way?!
parking is free. there’s plenty of parking available for your trailers at the many trail gateway parking lots. throughout the region, you’ll find numerous stables and equestrian centres where you can take lessons or enroll in a full program.
interested in some horseback riding in the ontario wilderness?
highland wilderness tours offers public horseback riding stables near algonquin park!

visit ride the wilderness to learn more.



			×			


5038


				atv			

atv adventures
eastern ontario trails alliance has created some world class riding opportunities set along a backdrop of unparalleled scenery. these significant trails involve awesome communities. ride looped trails for the day or pack your bags for an overnight trip. use this site to jumpstart your next ride.
if you are an atver in search of an established tour route for your group, look no further. eastern ontario trails alliance offers a wide range of self-guided tours that are sure to quicken your pulse. our trails were specially designed so you and your friends can explore on your own and at your own pace. whatever your choice, you’ll have no problem racking up miles.
please note
when snow grooming is occurring atv’s with tracks are allowed only on the eastern ontario trails alliance’s trails.
know your safety rules.
see atv rider safety »
check out these atv clubs:

huron shores atv club
napanee atv club
peterborough county trails atv club
south bruce peninsula atv club



			×			


5026


				for tour operators			


the eastern ontario trails alliance welcome tour operators to join our tourism marketing initiative. the trails expand through great deal of eastern ontario. with trail networks expanding from the bay of quinte, all the way north to algonquin park linking outdoor recreation and adventure to the natural environment and rural communities along the way. there are endless possibilities for fam tours, small and large travel and tour guides, operators and agencies.


expand your reach by including eastern ontario recreational trails for hiking, cycling, horseback riding, atving, snowmobiling…the list goes on! photography enthusiasts, artists, bird watchers, nature lovers, those on spiritual journeys can explore to their heart’s content.
you’re invited to join us!
over 25,000 visitors a year. spending $6 million+ here
promoting



places to stay
restaurants & bars




clubs
attractions




shoppes
sports & adventure




arts, galleries, gifts
spas, health & wellness






			×			


5035


				hiking			

these boots are made for walking…
if hiking and walking are your pleasures, we have trails you’ll want to explore. you’ll discover endless pleasure as you move along the natural environment that are the trails. scenic terrain abounds while you stroll or hike along the meandering trails. enjoy the trails at a slower pace to really take in nature at its best. be pleasantly surprised by the interesting birds, flowers, plants and trees. take it all in, stop to admire the streams and lakes. hiking and walking has become such a popular activity for so many. health benefits include, but are not limited to, losing excess weight, decreasing hypertension, and improving mental health. open all year round, a perfect activity for all.
don’t forget to take a picnic or watch for the signs along the trails leading you to discover surrounding town’s many places to eat, stay, browse and visit.
interesting wikipedia tidbit for you:
fitness walkers and others may use a pedometer to count their steps. the types of walking include bushwalking, racewalking, weight-walking, hillwalking, volksmarching, nordic walking and hiking on long-distance paths. sometimes people prefer to walk indoors using a treadmill. in some countries walking as a hobby is known as hiking (the typical north american term), rambling (a somewhat dated british expression, but remaining in use because it is enshrined in the title of the important ramblers), or tramping. hiking is a subtype of walking, generally used to mean walking in nature areas on specially designated routes or trails, as opposed to in urban environments; however, hiking can also refer to any long-distance walk. more obscure terms for walking include “to go by marrow-bone stage”, “to take one’s daily constitutional”, “to ride shanks’ pony”, “to ride shanks’ mare”, or “to go by walker’s bus”. among search and rescue responders, those responders who walk (rather than ride, drive, fly, climb, or sit in a communications trailer) often are known as “ground pounders”


			×			


5032


				bicycling			

on your bikes
ride your bikes on the trails. from the city? no worries about breathing in all that smog and car exhaust here! an activity for the whole family, on your own, with your pals or bring your cycling club. cycling is big out this way and growing every day. it’s quite amazing how many types and fittings are available now for bike enthusiasts. fitness and get healthy reports say bicycles are often used by people seeking to improve their fitness and cardiovascular health. cycling is especially helpful for those with arthritis of the lower limbs who are unable to pursue sports that cause impact to the knees and other joints.
the bike train!
a great way to travel, vacation and bike while you’re at it! another great opportunity for cyclists! travel on the train with your bikes and head over to the trails. check out our package deals, accommodation, food and other places to enjoy.
the via rail trains that accept bikes are the ones with baggage cars. there are several per day that stop in at our new train station in belleville.
in the summer season some trains have bike racks, as listed here »
at other times your bikes can be boxed or bagged. a $20 extra baggage transportation charge. learn more here »
cyclists coming to use the trails in the eastern ontario trails alliance area, can find further information on cycling trails and certified bicycle friendly businesses on at great places to cycle here »


			×			


5028


				cross-country skiing			



eastern ontario’s snow-covered trails offer some of the best cross-country skiing, snowshoeing and winter hiking trails around. listen to that crunch under your feet, enjoy that fresh air while you discover a winter wonderland that can’t be seen from the roads. a perfect day trip for all or enjoy some of the quaint inns along the way. stop in for some hot chocolate and a bite to eat at our friendly local establishments. here’s a great opportunity to get the kids out and about. participaction is where it’s at!




			×			


5024


				for media			


exciting destination, local economic development & tourism initiative


the eastern ontario trails alliance is working on major promotion initiatives to increase business in our communities while promoting tourism as well.

zigzag brochures have just been released featuring fun package deals, your vacation is here and discover your outdoor playground
new interactive website just launched. feature business, package deals, what to do, where to stay, eat, have fun, shop and more including facebook promotions and online marketing with new interactive map to follow
signage off of the 401 leading to trails entrances
gateway signage for businesses. first gateway begins at belleville at corbyville.
approximately 15 major signs throughout the trails region
rustic wood-look arrow signs on the trails pointing kms/direction to your business
handy pocket map guide featuring businesses
featured at multiple trade shows throughout the province

25,000+ people use the trails – all year round – spending $6 million dollars
our maintained trail system is open all year round. eastern ontario trails alliance’s (eota) trail network extends north from the bay of quinte up to algonquin park, linking outdoor recreation and adventure to the natural environment and rural communities along the way. the trail network offers access for hiking, cycling, horseback riding, canoeing, atving and snowmobiling…the list goes on! photography enthusiasts, artists, bird watchers, nature lovers, those on spiritual journeys can explore to their heart’s content.
travel to eastern ontario. there is something for everyone.


places to stay
restaurants & bars




clubs
attractions




shops
sports & adventure




arts, galleries, gifts
spas, health & wellness


for further information, images, logos and collateral media can contact:
cindy cassidy ~ general manager, eastern ontario trails alliance
p: 613.478.1444
tf: 1.877.8810
e: info@thetrail.ca



			×			


5018


				map request			




name*


first



last

phoneaddress*



street address


address line 2


city


state / province / region


zip / postal code

afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicabo verdecambodiacamerooncanadacayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczechiacôte d'ivoiredenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatiniethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth macedonianorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniarussian federationrwandaréunionsaint barthélemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswedenswitzerlandsyria arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, the united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvalutürkiyeus minor outlying islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelaviet namvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabweåland islands
country


email

captcha
  











δ





			×			







































