





c & r industries – industrial engines & equipment





































 






 


skip to content











 
			       	info@powerproducts.co.za			       















































 homebrandsproductstitantecpetrol handhelds & blowerspetrol chainsawspetrol brushcuttersearth augerswalk behind lawnmowersaccessorieshyundai power productshyundai lawnmowerspetrol handhelds & blowerspetrol chainsawspetrol brushcuttersportable generatorsvertical shaft petrol engineshorizontal shaft petrol enginespumpslubri-synth lubricantspredator power productsportable generatorspetrol standby generatorsdiesel standby generatorswelding machinespumpsbriggs & strattonvertical shaft petrol engineshorizontal shaft petrol enginesvanguard commercial enginesportable generatorsclear water pumpsbrushcuttersaccessoriessnapperzero turn mowersbattery handheldsaccessoriesferris commercial mowerszero turn mowersaccessoriestecnoelettragenerator controllersgenerator control panelsbattery chargersvictawalk behind lawnmowerslawn tractorsspare partsfind a dealercontact us

 











search for:





 




 




			login			





   cart   /      r0.00













no products in the cart.


					return to shop				




















cart










no products in the cart.


					return to shop				












 













 

hyundai portable generators
a powerful range of portable generators with large displacement engines and efficient avr regulated alternators.

view products


find a dealer


















 

titantec
a quality range of walk behind lawnmowers, handheld yard, turf & forestry products, with patented technology designed to get the job done.

view products


















 

work hard. feel good.
ferris zero turn mowers, equipped with patented suspension technology, offer a consistent cut with added operator comfort and increased productivity.

view products


find a dealer


















 

snapper zero turn mowers
engineered to perfection with legendary snapper durability, reliability and productivity, you can work less and play more.

view products


find a dealer


















 

walk behind lawnmowers
with 60 years of quality and innovation victa mowers deliver industry leading reliability and durability.

view products


find a dealer




















select one of our products below and enter our world of excellence.
we offer a robust range of outdoor power products manufactured in south africa to meet our demanding african conditions, and distribute a wide range of engines and outdoor power products from usa based briggs & stratton corporation, the worlds largest engines & outdoor power products manufacturer.














 


 




                              titantec chainsaws                      



 


 


 




                              titantec handhelds                      



 


 


 




                              titantec brushcutters                      



 


 


 




                              hyundai chainsaws                      



 


 


 




                              hyundai handhelds                      



 


 


 




                              hyundai brushcutters                      



 


 


 




                              briggs & stratton brushcutters                      



 


 


 




                              snapper battery handhelds                      



 


 


 




                              titantec walk behind lawnmowers                      



 


 


 




                              victa walk behind lawnmowers                      



 


 


 




                              titantec earth augers                      



 


 


 




                              ferris zero turn mowers                      



 


 


 




                              snapper zero turn mowers                      



 


 


 




                              victa lawn tractors                      



 


 


 




                              briggs & stratton clear water pumps                      



 


 


 




                              briggs & stratton portable generators                      



 


 


 




                              hyundai portable generators                      



 


 


 




                              briggs & stratton vertical shaft engines                      



 


 


 




                              briggs & stratton horizontal shaft petrol engines                      



 


 


 




                              vanguard commercial horizontal shaft engines                      



 


 


 




                              hyundai vertical shaft petrol engines                      



 


 


 




                              hyundai horizontal shaft petrol engines                      



 







c&r industries are the southern african distributors of the following international brands.







 








predator power products is a locally manufactured range of petrol and diesel powered equipment that is manufactured by c&r industries.
 





 








with more than 110 years of experience, briggs & stratton is trusted by millions of people around the globe and backed by the largest dealer network in the industry. 





 








as the builder of the industry’s first self-propelled rotary lawn mower in 1951, snapper is a leader in making yard products that are easy-to-use and easy-to-own. today, snapper offers one of the widest selections of outdoor power equipment like walk mowers, riding mowers and zero turn mowers.





 








ferris commercial mowers has been providing its customers with high quality products and solutions for more than 100 years. the first and only commercial mowing brand to offer suspension on its mower via a patented suspension system.














 








hyundai. a global manufacturing giant and one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. with leading products, competitive pricing and a global footprint in over 90 countries, hyundai delivers high quality products from a brand you know and trust. 





 








titantec is a quality range of affordable lawn, yard and turf equipment with numerous features and patented technologies that set them apart from the competition. make life more beautiful with titantec.





 








victa is an iconic australian brand with a history spanning more than 65 years. over the past six decades, victa has earned a reputation for innovation, strong performance and rock-solid reliability. today’s generation of user-friendly victa mowers maintain that heritage.





 








based in italy, tecnoelettra is a leading innovator of generator controllers and customised  generator control systems.
 
















            some images may be of a superior model and may show optional equipment.
we only ship to destinations within south africa.          


contact us
find a dealer
returns & privacy policies
 
        copyright 2025 © c&r industries
      














search for:





 




 


 homebrandsbriggs & strattonsnapperferristitantecvictapredatorhyundaitecnoelettraproductshyundai power productspetrol handhelds & blowerspetrol chainsawspetrol brushcuttersportable generatorshorizontal shaft petrol enginesvertical shaft petrol engineslubri-synth lubricantstitantecpetrol handhelds & blowerspetrol chainsawspetrol brushcuttersearth augerswalk behind lawnmowersaccessoriesbriggs & strattonvertical shaft petrol engineshorizontal shaft petrol enginesvanguard commercial enginesclear water pumpsportable generatorsbrushcuttersclear water pumpsaccessoriessnapperzero turn mowersbattery handheldsaccessoriesferriszero turn mowersaccessoriesmurraywalk behind lawnmowersvictawalk behind lawnmowerspredatorportable generatorspetrol standby generatorsdiesel standby generatorswelding machinespumpstecnoelettragenerator controllersgenerator control panelsbattery chargersfind a dealerservice partscontact usmy account









login


username or email address *required
 

password *required




 remember me

 log in


lost your password?











