





west virginia cave conservancy – wvcc



























































west virginia cave conservancy








aboutcontact formpreservesboar holeburnholt cavedonaldson caveicebox entrance to friars hole cave systemgscs’s lightner entrance to historic mcclung cavegscs’s scott entrance to historic maxwelton sinkhancock caveharr cave #2haynes caveisland ford cavelost cavenorman cavepersinger entrance to benedict caverapps cavesavannah cavewild cat entrance to culverson creeknewslettersold wvcc newslettersphotoscave photographyjoinjoin the wvccdonatedonate to the wvcc 





search








protecting caves in the virginias



the west virginia cave conservancy inc., (wvcc)  is a nonprofit organization dedicated to conserving and protecting important cave and karst resources of the virginias for future generations.
caves contain a fragile beauty only found underground. in addition, their streams and passages provide irreplaceable environments for specially adapted, and often rare, species of animals, most of which could not survive elsewhere.
protecting karst (limestone) landscapes is critical to our supply of clean drinking water.  rural areas of west virginia and virginia rely heavily on water from springs and wells in limestone.




karst pollution and water quality threats are real

we need your help

west virginia and virginia are famous for caves, karst, and plentiful springs. these natural features are threatened daily by pollution, careless acts, and land development.

once destroyed, cave formations and underground environments cannot be replaced. when ground water is polluted, we all suffer the consequences.

the success of the west virginia cave conservancy can be possible only with the support of cavers, landowners, land use planners, outdoor enthusiasts, and others who understand the importance of karst and caves.

success is up to you!

your membership and donations allow us to purchase cave entrances and karst features to protect and manage those resources. in addition, you also support our education and conservation activities.

help protect the quality of our water and our cave resources. join the wvcc or make a donation to help our vision of protecting the network under our feet.





annual fundraiser

2024 wvcc banquet



flyer


register






karst symposium


4th appalachian karst symposium




a forum to present new research
a place for interdisciplinary contact and connection
discuss area and regional concerns
cave biology, exploration, geology, hydrology, paleontology, archaeology



notice to members


board of directors election fall 2024




members will get an announcement email about nominations and deadlines
all members in good standing are eligible for a seat on the board of directors
all members in good standing are encouraged to submit a nomination
the 2024 banquet registration (online here) will be in the mail soon





living on karst awareness
the living on karst publication (pdf) publication was created to inform landowners living in limestone regions of the potential sensitivities and environmental dangers associated with karst geology. published originally by the cave conservancy of the virginias, the wvcc believes that all people living in and on karst should have familiarity with the information in this publication. please share this with anyone potentially in need of karst awareness.




resources







landowner brochure
education







land trusts
contact list







join us
wvcc membership










privacy policy



contact form





commercial use
the board of the west virginia cave conservancy, inc. bans the commercial use of its properties and specifically prohibits any activity where a charge or fee of any type occurs.








facebook
friends





facebook
official





search

*protected email*

© 2024, west virginia cave conservancy, inc., 501(c)(3) 



















