





london hotels directory + maps and reviews - hotels in london










milesfaster.co.uk, the london hotels website!


contact us
 search london by:
london hotels a-z
postcode
area name
map
tube station
luxury hotels
star rating
apartments
boutique
hip
london chains
 london airports
heathrow hotels
gatwick hotels
stansted hotels
luton hotels
london city airport hotels
london airport guides

 information
london travel and tourism guide
travelcards v oyster cards
national express 
coaches our journey planner page groups 
uk maps, transport news, tube maps and bus maps.
street to street route planner for car journeys, river thames bus service
uk journey planners >>>
pictures from our london photos gallery
see all london pictures
go to our main picture gallery (use above link) for full size images of the thumbnails below and 
lots more pictures. 
take a picture flight on the london eye (millennium wheel), london's number one tourist attraction!

london eye gallerysnippetsuk hotels ratings.
this is a general lodging guide and not specific to any individual hotel or 
accommodation type. 
scale 1-5
1 star: cheap and cheerful, hostel type accommodation, basic services.
2 stars: slightly better facilities, still cheap/budget/hostel class.
3 stars: middle ground between better facilities, services and budget 
accommodation.
4 stars: at this level a good all round standard is expected in all areas, 
facilities, services. expect personal services such as concierge, 24 hour 
reception and daily maid service. 
5 stars: at this level the hotel would expect to be of a luxury standard in all 
areas, facilities and services.
ratings are usually given by a body such as the english tourist board or a 
recognised organisation such as the aa although in some cases the lodging 
ratings may be self rated.
room sizes are always something that often surprises first time london visitors. 
generally room sizes are smaller than those in many other countries. this is 
more prevalent in b&b type accommodation where the building is a conversion (the 
large majority of them) and not a purpose built hotel.
if you would like to ride on a traditional old fashioned double decker 
routemaster bus in central london then routes 9 (hammersmith to aldwych) and 15 
(paddington to blackwall) still use them.
totally new routemasters hit london streets in 2012 and run on the 38 route from 
victoria to hackney.officially the centre of london is taken as
charing cross station. however as far as the tourist heart of the capital is concerned it is really on the south east side of the central areas. for the purposes of measuring distances on this website we use piccadilly circus as the point of reference as we believe in the real world it represents the central tourist heart of london for most people. the distance between the two is actually only 0.4 miles.

overview: milesfaster.co.uk are specialists for hotels in london, uk. 
whether you are looking for a broad choice of accommodation, or looking to make 
a reservation in a particular area, near a london airport, in a particular 
postcode or close to a landmark we have a section of the website for you. book 
online or by phone. 
our >>>cheap london hotels page will guide 
you 
to the most popular areas for this type of accommodation and suggest some budget 
priced hotels.
for hotels 
in the upper to luxury class (4, 5 star) try accommodation around
mayfair w1 and st james's sw1.
the >>>central 
london hotels page will show you the areas that are in the very heart of 
tourist london. find hotel ideas from our top picks!
one facility many visitors are searching for is hotels where large families of 
groups of adults can share one bedroom or apartments. we conveniently list all 
hotels and apartments that allow extra high room occupancy which we identify as 
5 or more people. we even have hotels that will allow 7 adults in one room as 
well as the often request rooms for a family of 5. >>>family 
rooms for 5 or more
top central london hotels

rocco forte brown's hotel 5 star
    rates from around £715
guest satisfaction score: 100%, milesfaster overall ranking: 3 of 846 hotels
located: mayfair (w1), 0.2 miles (0.1 km) from green park station.0.3 miles (0.2 km) from piccadilly circus
top rated 5 star hotel
enjoys a location in a side turning off of piccadilly and within the exclusive mayfair area. a blend of a traditional atmosphere with contemporary style and amenities. in-room you'll find air-conditioning, high speed internet, interactive flat screen tv and dual line telephone. twice daily maid service. onsite is an a la carte restaurant, a tea room and a themed bar with live jazz music. wifi accessible in all parts of the hotel. children's program. meeting rooms..

the suites - st pancras hotel group 4 star
    rates from around £201
guest satisfaction score: 100%, milesfaster overall ranking: 30 of 846 hotels
located: kings cross (wc1), 0.1 miles (0.1 km) from king's cross st pancras station.1.4 miles (0.9 km) from piccadilly circus
top rated 4 star hotel
located close to three of london's biggest mainline stations at kings cross, st pancras and euston. retains its original georgian façde. bedroom amenities include en-suite, air conditioning, microwave oven (selected rooms), direct dial phone, fridge, coffee/tea making facilities, wifi internet access (charge), desk, in-room safe, cable tv hair dryer. all suites apart from single have a dining table, chairs, cutlery & crockery.

hub by premier inn covent garden 3 star
    rates from around £192
guest satisfaction score: 90%, milesfaster overall ranking: 45 of 846 hotels
located: west end (wc2), 0.1 miles (0.1 km) from leicester square station.
0.3 miles (0.2 km) from piccadilly circus
top rated 3 star, tourist class hotel
an ultra modern new concept hotel. based on cabin style rooms with the latest in high tech amenities and using a minimalistic design to maximise the use of the compact rooms.   with a large screen smart television and the heating and lights controlled via a touch screen this is a hotel for the modern age. onsite deli style restaurant and licensed bar. tea and coffee is available 24 hours and is free. luggage storage available.  fantastic city centre location walking distance to major central london attractions. good transport links.

travelodge london central kings cross  2 star
    rates from around £80
guest satisfaction score: 90%, milesfaster overall ranking: 97 of 846 hotels
located: kings cross (wc1), 0.0 miles (0.0 km) from king's cross thameslink station.1.5 miles (0.9 km) from piccadilly circus
top rated 2 star hotel
many small shops and bars in the surrounding area while nearest main shopping areas can be found at camden high street, islington high street and holborn. nearest attractions are the british library and camden market.

inhabit queens gardens ( design hotels) 5 star
    rates from around £152
guest satisfaction score: 84%, milesfaster overall ranking: 231 of 846 hotels
located: paddington (w2), 0.2 miles (0.1 km) from london paddington station.2.0 miles (1.2 km) from piccadilly circus
top value in central london
minutes from paddington station, hyde park and queensway shopping high street places the park grand paddington in an area known for its value for money hotels. wide options of public transport links for quick access to the most central areas and walking distance from marble arch. this is a contemporary hotel where bedrooms are air-conditioned and have plasma televisions. breakfast served onsite.

montana hotel 3 star
free wifi √    rates from around £75
guest satisfaction score: 78%, milesfaster overall ranking: 464 of 846 hotels
located: south kensington (sw7), 0.1 miles (0.0 km) from gloucester road station.2.3 miles (1.4 km) from piccadilly circus
top value in central london
close to the a4 dual carriageway which is the main road into and out of london with direct access out to heathrow airport and on to the west of england. blend of the old and the new. room amenities include colour television, hairdryer, room safe, direct dial telephone and iron. internet facilities are also available, reception is 24 hours and tea and coffee making facilities are provided on request.

premier inn putney bridge 3 star
    rates from around £79
guest satisfaction score: 80%, milesfaster overall ranking: 347 of 846 hotels
located: putney (sw6), 0.1 miles (0.1 km) from putney bridge station.4.4 miles (2.7 km) from piccadilly circus
top value in central london
located at the end of fulham high street by the start of putney bridge. putney travel inn is a modern budget style hotel and has been recently refurbished. the hotel offers the slice restaurant & bar with a varied menu, costa coffee & external patio area.

pembridge palace hotel 3 star
    rates from around £72
guest satisfaction score: 76%, milesfaster overall ranking: 593 of 846 hotels
located: bayswater (w2), 0.2 miles (0.1 km) from bayswater station.2.5 miles (1.6 km) from piccadilly circus
top value in central london
situated between queensway and paddington station with its direct train service to heathrow airport. room facilities include coffee/tea maker, direct dial telephone, hair dryer, iron/ironing board. all rooms en-suite. wireless internet is available (charges). serves breakfast in its dining room daily.
looking for ideas? these hotels are all popular choices.

the oaks guest house 4 star
 
guest satisfaction score: 100%, milesfaster overall ranking: 28 of 846 hotels
located: new southgate (n14), 0.3 miles (0.2 km) from southgate station.8.2 miles (5.1 km) from piccadilly circus
good value near london
highly regarded b&b in north london. the hotel offers comfortable accommodation in a quiet residential location yet within minutes of shopping,  restaurants and southgate tube station. breakfast is included in the room rate. bedrooms are all with a private bathroom,  toiletries are supplied and your bedroom will have a flat screen television and free wireless internet access. 30 minutes by tube from central london.

premier inn waterloo 3 star
 
guest satisfaction score: 90%, milesfaster overall ranking: 45 of 846 hotels
located: waterloo (se1), 0.2 miles (0.1 km) from waterloo station.1.0 miles (0.6 km) from piccadilly circus
good value near london
just 2 minutes walk from waterloo station and 5 minutes walk from the extensive facilities of the south bank and the london eye.  another fantastically located budget hotel from premier inn so close to the main central areas of london. offering fully air-conditioned accommodation and public areas with a restaurant serving breakfast,  light bites and dinner along with a bar. sits between westminster bridge and waterloo bridge and with good access to the city of london  (square mile).

premier inn london city (old street) 3 star
    rates from around £96
guest satisfaction score: 90%, milesfaster overall ranking: 61 of 846 hotels
located: clerkenwell (n1), 0.1 miles (0.1 km) from old street station.2.3 miles (1.4 km) from piccadilly circus
good value near london
newly opened in 2012. the premier inn generally are all well reviewed especially the more modern ones and the premier inn city (old street) continues in the same vein. air-conditioned bedrooms and a modern restaurant and bar provide the basis for a pleasurable stay. minutes from old street tube station and close to the city of london. it is just a  10 minute walk from the hotel to the barbican arts centre.

the rosebery apartments 4 star
    rates from around £150
guest satisfaction score: 87%, milesfaster overall ranking: 265 of 846 hotels
located: farringdon (ec1), 0.3 miles (0.2 km) from farringdon station.1.4 miles (0.9 km) from piccadilly circus
popular hotel in the city of london (square mile), london's financial heartland and business dictrict
stay in apartments that offer maid service,  fully fitted kitchen with all cooking utensils and utilities and all in an air-conditioned environment. located on the eastern edge of central london close to the city of london  (square mile,  business area) and near to transport facilities including bus,  tube and road. modern apartments with a range of options from studio suites to 2 bedroom apartments. modern with extras such as touchscreen controls for heating and room lighting. stereo system for ipod devices.

thistle barbican shoreditch 3 star
free wifi √    
guest satisfaction score: 70%, milesfaster overall ranking: 681 of 846 hotels
located: clerkenwell (ec1), 0.4 miles (0.2 km) from old street station.2.0 miles (1.2 km) from piccadilly circus
good value hotel in the city of london (square mile)
this is a hotel very much geared to the business traveller due to its location. on the northern edge of the city of london and also just south of islington where the business design centre is located. the hotel is in a relatively quiet side street off of the busy surrounding mains roods. onsite you will bedrooms with high speed internet access, two restaurants and bar. a feature of the hotel is its excellent health club which incorporates a gym and a swimming pool along with a steam room and spa facilities.
airport ideas

premier inn heathrow (m4/j4) 3 star
    rates from around £53
guest satisfaction score: 90%
located: sipson (ub3), 1.3 miles (0.8 km) from hayes & harlington station.1.7 miles (1.1 km) from heathrow airport
a value for money hotel close to heathrow airport
between the business park of stockley park and the central area of heathrow airport. the hotel is a modern and purpose built. onsite parking in forecourt. rooms are en-suite with air-conditioning, broadband internet and cable tv. onsite restaurant (breakfast and dinner) and licensed bar.

travelodge gatwick airport central  3 star
    rates from around £42
guest satisfaction score: 80%
located: horley (rh6), 0.8 miles (0.5 km) from horley station.0.4 miles (0.2 km) from gatwick airport
good value accommodation serving gatwick airport
located on the perimeter of the north terminal one of the closest hotels to the airport. room facilities include air conditioning, satellite television, tea and coffee making facilities, wired broadband internet access and hairdryer. room service is 24 hours. on site restaurant and bar.

premier inn stansted airport 3 star
    rates from around £65
guest satisfaction score: 80%
located:  (cm24), 0.9 miles (0.6 km) from stansted airport station.1.0 miles (0.6 km) from gatwick airport
a good choice for something reasonably priced around stansted airport
very modern hotel built in 2012. the premier inn is part of the uk's leading budget chain and is well located inside the airport grounds, 1 mile from the terminal and alongside the main dual carriageway for road access to the airport. next to a fast food restaurant although the hotel also has its own own restaurant and cafe onsite. bedrooms all ensuite and air-conditioned.

premier inn luton airport 3 star
    rates from around £47
guest satisfaction score: 80%
located: luton (lu1), 0.3 miles (0.2 km) from luton airport parkway station.1.3 miles (0.8 km) from gatwick airport
an option for a well reviewed hotel close to luton airport
half a mile to the south of luton town centre and just over a mile from the airport. close to busy shops and general amenities such as restaurants and entertainment. wifi is available within the hotel and next door is a beefeater steak restaurant open for lunch and dinner and drinks through the day. hotel serves breakfast. bedrooms are en-suite with television, phone and tea/coffee maker. onsite parking.
football/rugby/racing fans
fancy being part of the stadium or sports facility while your staying in london? 
located within the actual football stadium at chelsea football club is the
millennium copthorne hotel at 
chelsea fc, while the marriott 
has a hotel at
marriott twickenham rugby ground, the
marriott 
twickenham. within greater london is the
holiday inn express epsom 
downs, actually located within the grounds of this grade 1 racecourse and 
home to the derby. 

thank you for visiting the milesfaster.co.uk london hotels travel website and specialists 
for london lodging and accommodation, england! 
all hotel reservations are made on a secure encrypted server.
copyright © 2025 milesfaster.co.uk all rights reserved
f.a.q. | privacy

