









home page - california christmas tree association



































































































 













skip to content



login here | not a member? join now




 




							
							tree & pumpkin locator															




 







home real trees are a holiday tradition








																								menu											menu

about ccta
trees
fresh certified
members
contact us
join the ccta
tree locator
login


open search bar









search for:









close search bar













home

 
 


california christmas tree association
take a glimpse into the ccta.


 

 
 














						looking for that place to find your perfect christmas tree, use our tree locator.						





			tree & pumpkin locator		




						about us						

						 						



						the california christmas tree association started in 1952 with growers in the santa cruz area getting together to share ideas.  more and more growers were invited to these meetings and liked the idea of sharing information with each other so they incorporated in 1956.  since then the association has grown from just grower members to include all aspects of the real tree industry in california and now also includes wholesalers, retail lot operators, and suppliers. our members are dedicated to providing the astute california shoppers of real trees the freshest possible product and memorable shopping experience.						




			
			ask a question		




						ccta mission statement						



						the purpose of the ccta is to promote the sales of sustainable farm-grown christmas trees and to educate the members and advocate the interests of the california christmas tree industry.						



						how to videos						

 
 




 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 




 






















						upcoming events						






seedling programs
we have 2 seedling programs available to our members.
please visit our seedling page for order forms and nurseries for
last minute seedling orders.

all orders are due by november 1st.




			
			seedling programs		




meetings
tba
location :
tbd







			
			2024 ccta summer and fall newsletter		





			
			online registration/payment...coming soon!		





			
			mail-in registration/payment ...coming soon!		





			
			agenda for upcoming meeting ... coming soon!		




						keeping you informed						



						here is just a little information to keep you informed while we continue to grow our new site.						





 


							
							resources													
here are more sites filled with information including tree donations.








 




							
							tree donations															

if you would like to be a part of this program, visit christmasspiritfoundation.org for more information.








 




							
							keep it real campaign															

if you would like more information about the christmas tree industry, visit christmastreepromotionboard.org.








 




							
							national christmas tree association															

if you want general information about christmas trees, visit the ncta.








 




							
							tree & pumpkin locator															

use the tree and pumpkin locator to help locate your tree.





we've made things a little easier.
use this tool to help you find your
favorite place to shop for that special tree.





 


							
							tree care													
you can never be too prepared when taking care of your tree, here are a few resources for you.





going 'green' is the best thing you can do for the environment, and it makes your home smell like christmas. taking care of your real tree takes just a little bit of care. here are a few care and safety tips.
caring for a real tree
holiday safety
 



						ccta tree fresh certified						



						look for the ccta tree fresh certified “stamp” of approval to insure the freshest possible christmas tree each year.  certified members are trained in the best scientific techniques of tree care.  as part of their code of ethics, they promise to display their cut trees in water and to answer any of your questions about the care of your tree.						



						members						



						an association wouldn't be an association without it's members. our members are what make ccta what it is today. you are what keep us going strong. by ccta growing and adding new members we will only continue to get stronger and continue supplying gorgeous christmas trees to the public.						




			
			member login		





			
			join the ccta		




						it's time for membership renewal						



it's time for our annual membership renewal for 2025. if possible please make your payments online.




			
			how to make online payment		





			
			(preferred) online membership renewal		





			
			mail-in membership renewal		






 


							
							important information													
here is some important information for our members.





						member meeting						




						you can now register online via members only site!						



annual/board meeting:
tba
location:
tbd



spring meeting/fall kickoff

tba



location: 
tbd







			
			online registration/payment ...coming soon!		





			
			mail-in registration/payment ... coming soon!		





			
			agenda for upcoming meeting ...coming soon!		




						quarterly bulletin						






please sign in to our members-only area to view current bulletins.






 


							
							become a member													
are you interested or wondering why you should become a member?





do you grow christmas trees for profit?
interested in growing christmas trees?
do you sell christmas trees at a retail lot?
how about selling christmas trees in bulk?

if you answered yes to any of these questions, the california christmas tree association is the organization to join.  become a member today, and we will be happy to assist you in any way possible. we have many resources at our disposal along with many 'expert" men and women. they will gladly welcome and greatly enjoy helping new members who are interested in getting involved with this "green" industry.




			
			mail-in ccta membership registration		




click above to download an official ccta membership application.
print and fill it out and return it with a check to:
california christmas tree association
p.o. box 554
dixon, ca 95620
info@cachristmas.com
you may also join online by visiting
'join the ccta'.



						contact us						



						we will be happy to answer any questions or help you in any way possible. we have a few ways you can get in touch with us.						




			
			ask a question		






 


							
							mailing address													
california christmas tree association
p.o. box 554
dixon, ca 95620








 




							
							e-mail															

info@cachristmas.com








 




							
							telephone															

925-788-9075



 








login here | not a member? join now


e-mail:
info@cachristmas.com



address:
po box 554  dixon, ca 95620

 



copyright © 2025 california christmas tree associationtheme by siteorigin 




scroll to top







 

































































 




privacy policy - terms and conditions



