








home










  helmet helmets paint paintwork design graphics racing motor
 









home


portfolio


showpiece
franck ruimy helmet
indy 500 artwork
race
race 2
basic
brands




design


art


faq


helmetguard


arai


find us































welcome to the jlf designs official website. jlf designs was established in 1991 by jason fowler, working mainly in the motorbike market at a time when every aspect of helmet painting was produced by hand. jason's airbrushing and innovative designs soon caught the eye of the motor-racing market and by 1995 some of britain's top drivers were taking their helmets to the jlf workshop, tucked away in the english countryside.
 
the list of top drivers that have used jlf designs over the decades since inception is extensive, the most high profile of which being multiple formula one world champion lewis hamilton, whose distinctive design became one of the most instantly recognisable in motorsport. other top names include former irl champion and double indy 500 winner, the late dan wheldon, former f1 and current indycar driver max chilton and world touring car championship champion rob huff. we currently continue to work with drivers from virtually all series of motorsport from btcc and formula-e, to go-karting and motocross.
 
as well as painting helmets, jason's incredible airbrushing talent has led him to produce amazing, photo-realistic paintings and murals and you can visit our sister site at www.artbyjlf.com for more information and examples of his work. in 2006 jason was a selected artist for the red bull helmet art exhibition at the indianapolis formula one grand prix and jlf have been nominated as one of the world's top helmet painters.
 
at jlf designs our small but highly skilled and dedicated team can turn your ideas into reality. from an initial consultation we can produce detailed computer designs before painting to ensure you get exactly what you want. anything from basic colours and lines to complex airbrushing and intricate designs is possible. visit our portfolio page for examples of our finished helmets and inspiration.
 
as an authorised arai helmet dealer we are able to supply helmets at a highly competitive rate, so please visit our dedicated arai page. we are also able to supply other brands of helmet such as bell and stilo, please contact us for more information. you can also find us on facebook, instagram and twitter using the links below where you will see all our latest work.
 








scroll down












unit 6
shepherds grove industrial estate
stanton
bury st.edmunds
suffolk, ip31 2ar
united kingdom




tel: +44 (0) 1359 252225

e-mail: jason@jlfdesigns.com


request mobile site
























