





waterborne - a liveaboard blog






















    
	waterborne - a liveaboard blog
	
  
my hubby and i are liveaboard boaters on vancouver island, and the ocean is our passion. this blog will reflect that lifestyle, our interests, and our day-to-day 'waterborne' and liveaboard adventures.



tuesday, december 04, 2007



	 blogging again, and on the move
    


yes, i'm committed to posting regularly again, but i've started over at  a new spot... . come on over!



posted by "skipper" @ 9:54 pm  
      
         3 comments






thursday, june 14, 2007



	 where does the time go??
    


well, between being ill and planning for our local (victoria) fibrefest doesn't leave a whole lot of time for blogging! i have gotten some knitting done, and of course, the weather here is awesome, so we've been out on the water as much as possible. here's a shot of the harbour this weekend.... one of the 20 biggest yachts in the world came to visit! the mv laurelbut while it was visiting, i was kinda busy with fibre friends! i'll also post some pics later today of recent knitting projects.... there have been many!



posted by "skipper" @ 10:12 am  
      
         0 comments






thursday, april 26, 2007



	 a new canoe!
    


well, i am 'boat-bound' with a horrid allergic reaction to something that's made my skin burn, so i look like a lobster and i'm stupid from the double dose of antihistamines and lack of sleep from the last few days. i lost day before yesterday completely, which is a drag because  the first cruise ship of the season arrived and we intended to go in the inflatable to welcome it properly -- instead, i completely forgot about it. anyway, this afternoon, stupid or not, we are driving out to sooke to get the canoe we just acquired, and i'm so excited! we had one when we lived in maple bay, and we've missed it lots, so it'll be fun to have one again. i'll post pictures of it when we get it home... meanwhile, being home sick has meant i've had lots of knitting time ... wips include a gorgeous gray cotton/linen blend wrap i'm making for myself in a 12-row repeat lace pattern that i'm really enjoying: and, in the mindless knitting category, an afghan for my niece (hope she doesn't read my blog!) in two strands of acryllic blends that are both in blues and teals, and it'll be lovely when it's done .... off to get a canoe now!



posted by "skipper" @ 2:03 pm  
      
         3 comments






sunday, april 22, 2007



	 rivtow's capt. bob
    


 this boat , called the rivtow capt. bob, is over at point hope shipyard getting repaired at the moment. at 120+ feet, she's the biggest working tug boat on this coast, supposedly. i'll try to get a pic of her when she comes down off the ways....on the needlesi forgot to post when i finished gibson's hoodie, so now both of my youngest grandsons have a hoodie i've made them.gibson's is made from a double strand of 'sugar'n'cream' dark brown cotton, and i designed it.



posted by "skipper" @ 7:21 pm  
      
         0 comments






saturday, april 21, 2007



	 whiffenspit
    


today we drove out to sooke to pick up some room dividers we need for our common room here at the marina. i made a picnic salad before we left, and we took it down to the sooke spit -- "whiffenspit," to locals. from the parking lot, to the left is the entrance to the sooke harbour (and the famous sooke harbour house is on the right) and to the right is wide open juan de fuca strait -- all the way to japan, prety much! it was flat calm, very rare for that area, so it was lovely to hang out there for awile ... saw a couple of little boats coming in to the harbour, but not much else going on. so, for today, here is your water shot: sooke spit beach. 



posted by "skipper" @ 8:08 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, april 18, 2007



	 it's an honor
    


several years ago, when we were chartering, a couple from alberta spent an anniversary weekend with us in silva bay on gabriola island. ed and jennifer had never seen ocean before, and they had a great time.last week we got an email from them, asking if they could come on the boat again, and this time, bring their 3 little girls. we're not chartering anymore, of course, so we asked them to just help pay for the fuel, and we've put together an itinerary (for the august long weekend) that will take us through enterprise channel (and back again) so they'll get to see trial island, and then out past the fisgard light to albert head. we'll have time at witty's lagoon, as well, but the big highlight is that we'll come back into the harbour in time for the victoria symphony orchestra's symphony splash concert! this is the highlight of the year for us, and it'll be such an honor to share it with these folks from alberta who are so excited to be on the wind walker again!water shot of the day ... our favorite beach at albert head....labels: albert head, enterprise channel, gabriola island, silva bay, symphony splash, trial island



posted by "skipper" @ 7:37 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, april 17, 2007



	 keeping up
    


how hard can it possibly be to keep up this blog?? it's so gorgeous in victoria this time of year, and we've already been out on the water several times.... i'm going to attempt to give you a 'water shot of the day' from now on. here's today's .... it's a view of trial island, just off oak bay, from 'trafalgar square'. it's a 'de-manned' lighthouse station that apparently has several unique native species of plants, and one has to get special permission to go ashore here.the passage that can be seen to the left is enterprise channel, a tricky piece of navigation even on a good day ... but i'll save the story telling about it for another day!on the needles: finished grandson gibson's hoodie and daughter hailey's ribbon-yarn sash (pictures one of these days....) and now i'm working on a shawl for myself. more about that tomorrow....



posted by "skipper" @ 8:16 pm  
      
         1 comments











about me

name:  "skipper" 
location:  southern gulf islands, canada 
my hubby michael and i have lived afloat for 18 years now, and we'll never go back to land! the last 15 years have been on our 38' 1965 chris craft,  wind walker . apart from boating, i knit. a lot. you can email me at skipper at mvwindwalker dot com .
view my complete profile



previous posts

blogging again, and on the move
where does the time go??
a new canoe!
rivtow's capt. bob
whiffenspit
it's an honor
keeping up
knitting projects ....
a january get-away
it's winter again

archives

november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
june 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
august 2006
december 2006
january 2007
april 2007
june 2007
december 2007
2003












this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here. 





