



lotto-logix lottery resources
























lotto-logix informational resources for individuals interested in winning the lottery




lotto-logix lottery resources
information - games and contests - wheeling
our mission:

to locate and list the best lottery contest and sweepstakes web sites
with useful content for lottery players.
to find the free lottery games and list the key elements you need to
bring your lottery software to bear.
to determine the best possible strategies for playing the lottery at
the lowest possible cost for the highest possible gain.

what's it all about: have you ever tried a free search
engine to locate words like: lottery, lotto, lotteries and found thousands
of listings?  even advanced searches for: lottery wheeling systems, lottery
results, winning numbers, free lotto games, lottery software, return
hundreds of listings each.  one of the reasons this occurs, many of these
web sites are listed dozens of times and often their individual pages are
listed as web sites as well.
what's lotto-logix doing about it: we're trying to limit
our list to one or two links per site.  we're trying to group sites under
what they do best, ie: results, software, information.  we try to give you
an idea what you will find there, ie: articles, news, tips, statistics,
books, freeware, shareware, software, programs, predictions,
wheels, wheeling systems, etc.
what's in it for us: our goal is to win the lottery and we
hope to reach that goal by helping you to do the same.  no one has all the
answers to this problem, we hope to bring the pieces of the puzzle
together under one roof where everyone can help fit them together.  the
lottery is like an onion, when you think you know it all, you find another
layer and wonder if that is the core truth.
what about that lotto software: some people don't believe
in lottery software at all.  we believe the commercial quality product
does 90% of what it is supposed to, ie: store, chart and track winning
numbers.  predictions, that's another story, but still useful to
determine where in their predicted (or what ever other term they choose to
use) distribution of numbers, the winning numbers come from most often.
lottery software that lets you import your own wheels and wheel up to all
the numbers in your cash 3, pick 5 or pick 6 game can be very useful, 
those that also allow you to filter those combinations, extremely useful.

what about those free lotto games: we're trying to locate
and list all the free online lottery games with decent prizes, fair odds,
that use real state drawings for their winning numbers.  some people ask
us why we don't list all the games, especially those that advertise a lot.
well we're thinking of adding a link-farm page just for those games that
want to pay a few cents for clicks or sign-ups to help cover the cost of
this page, but we're not really excited about it.  all too often such
games have outrageous odds and demand some form of intangible
consideration from their players beyond a visit to a sponsors
page.
can we improve your odds: the only way to improve your
odds of winning a grand prize jackpot worth millions of dollars, is to
play more tickets.  however, it is possible to improve your odds of
winning lower tier prizes while waiting to win the jackpot.  it is also
possible to devise strategies that watch for certain events to come
around,  and of course we have our special lotto-logix wheels.
wheeling: wheels, wheeling, covering designs, wheeling
repositories, wheeling software, we link to some of the best free wheeling
programs ever made from our make your own wheels page.
lotto-logix wheeling: wheels within wheels, best describes
our wheeling systems.  lotto experts suggest playing a small tight wheel
to win a good prize and a large loose wheel for insurance.  lotto-logix
builds one inside the other using combinations in common for a
combinatronic double dip.
need 649 numbers to wheel: try our new java random lottery
number generator for all games, pick 3, pick 4, pick 5, pick 6 and pick 7.  
you don't have to rely on lucky numbers or quick picks any longer.
paying too much to play lotto: the lotto-logix method
combines the use of merged closed and open covers, filtering and
supplementing official pay to play combinations with additional free
lottery tickets in a free lotto game that uses the same state draw results.  
you can lower your playing costs to any budget and still have a fair chance 
to win millions.  stick with lotto-logix and learn how.
disclaimer:lotto-logix provides the information on this website as a service to the public. 
due to the rapidly changing nature of the games and our reliance on information 
provided by outside sources, lotto-logix does not warranty or guarantee the 
accuracy or availability of the content on this site or on other sites to which we link.
in no event will lotto-logix be held liable to any party for any damages arising in 
any way out of the availability, use, reliance on or inability to use the lotto-logix 
website or any information provided by or through the lotto-logix website, or for 
any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in, or destructive 
properties of any information provided by or through, the lotto-logix website.
privacy: lotto-logix 
neither collects nor sells anything from your visit.
affiliate disclosure: this website participates in affiliate programs where 
appropriate to offset the cost of maintenance and to keep this site free for everyone 
to use. owners of this website may receive compensation for products and services 
purchased through advertisements.  all web links should be viewed as leading to advertisements 
of some kind including government lottery sites. all claims of actual user results should be 
considered atypical.


questions, comments, or suggestions?  send us feedback


home, articles, information, free casinos, games, results, rng, 
sitemap, software, wheeling, wheeling resources


© copyright 1999-2018   lotto-logix lottery resources




explore lotto-logix
 home

 articles

 books

 industry

 information

 free casino

 games

 results

 rng

 software

 wheeling

 wheeling resources









