



lirr mail & ride
























accessibility
text-only
customer self-service
employment
faqs/contact us









home

mta home
nyc subway and buses
long island rail road
metro-north railroad
bridges and tunnels
capital construction


schedules
fares & tolls
maps
planned service changes
mta info
doing business with us
transparency

main page
board materials
budget info
capital program info
capital program dashboard
investor information
mta leadership
performance indicators
press releases and news
public hearings
transportation reinvention commission




 

long island rail road  > mail & ride


















faq's/contact m&r






important information / updates


»

	        	mta traintime is our free mobile ticketing app that lets you receive your monthly mail&ride ticket directly on your smartphone or mobile device. mta traintime delivery is easier, seamless and provides many advantages over the paper option. you can download it now from the apple store or google play.

	        

for questions, account representatives are available monday through friday, 7:30 am to 5:00 pm at 718-217-5477. at the prompt, say "mail&ride".
	        
	        



click here for conditions of use. 






				existing subscriber - login
				





account number/username




password




forgot username? click here to retrieve it.


forgot password? click here to reset


log in





			don't have an account? register now!




				don't you have enough to think about?
			

				
				
				join the mail&ride program and you'll never wait in line for your monthly ticket. receive your ticket every month and get easy account management and flexible payment options. join by the 10th of the month and receive the following month's ticket.
			

				sign up today and your first ticket will be delivered to your mobile device in time for your april 2025 commute.
			


join now








a public benefit corporation chartered by the state of new york. 

internet privacy policy 

	
	© copyright 2025 mta long island rail road

 