




coda












































open main menu









home


about


tours & cruises







2025 tours and cruises




tailor-made travel


booking info


faq


contact




                book now
              




























































 click to unmute
                  







                  extrordinry trvels



                      book now
                    








                      book now
                    




















              a glimpse at our tours
            
            














































                why choose us
              

                take pride in your journeys
              




            when you choose coda tours, you're entrusting your travel dreams to a team of seasoned professionals with a passion for curating unforgettable experiences. with a legacy dating back to 1979, our dedicated staff brings decades of expertise to the table.    


            book now
            

                    learn more
                    










                            global connections
                          


                          best contacts and network of suppliers around the world
                        







                                        seasoned gay travel experts
                                      


                                    we handle every request according to individual needs
                                    







                            premium business class
                          


                        best business class fares in the market.
                        







                                        exclusive benefits
                                      


                                    special amenities, free breakfast & on-board cruise credits!
                                    







                            tailor-made  experiences
                          


                        we handle every request according to individual needs
                        







                                        years of excellence
                                      


                                    leaders in gay travel for 25 + years
                                    







                            around-the-clock support
                          


                        24 hour emergency contact no matter where you are
                        







                                        signature  perks
                                      


                                    access to signature travel network benefits
                                    




















      testimonials
    

      what our clients are saying
    


  book now
  











              dominique b.
            

              montreal, canada
            













        i know how to recognize quality when i see it & coda is definitely a quality outfit
      


          i am a coda customer since 2004. i have made over 10 trips with jim and his team, visiting 4 continents with them and in excess of 25 countries and destinations. the service is very professional and dedicated, always with the best accommodations available, and an emphasis on the security and well-being of the customers; as in some places of the world, it is not always obvious for gay travelers. the choice of destinations always offers traditional and more unusual selections. my family has spent over 75 years in the tour operating business, and i know how to recognize quality when i see it. coda is definitely a quality outfit.
        






            r.k.
            



              rick k.
            













      we just returned from coda's south east asia tour of laos, vietnam,  cambodia and thailand.  we had an amazing trip!  the itinerary was a perfect mix of historical & cultural sites with some free time in each city. we had several experimental type activities like the vespa eating tour of saigon!  all of our guides were excellent.  the hotels were exceptional and all first class.  we had a great group of people on this tour, the chemistry of the group greatly added to the enjoyment an fun of this tour.  this was my 5th trip with coda and they continue to provide exceptional luxury trips.  highly recommend them for your travel!
        






            d.k.
            



              david k. 
            













      we've used jim smith and coda tours for about 20 years, both for small-group tours as well as international travel arrangements. highly recommended for imaginative itineraries, decent prices and first-rate service. and if you've ever had to deal with a cruise company's customer-service desk, you already know you need a savvy pro like jim in your corner.
        






            b.l.
            



             bart l. 
            













      great trip, and i would highly recommend coda!  nicely organized with lots of good activities, plus some down time for recharging your batteries. the tour guides arranged by coda were all great, and the members of the traveling group also got along well. would definitely take another trip with them!
        






            w.h.
            



             william h
            













    the years of combined travel experience between jim and duni were evident from the beginning of our portugal adventure and continued until we parted. service, food, accommodations, and guides were all excellent. there was a great group of friendly guys on the trip. it was great that there were local guides for each stop on our journey.
        






            m.e.
            



            markus e. 
            













 coda's small group luxury tours are a terrific way to visit those parts of the world you might hesitate to travel to, on your own.
        






            l.j.
            



        lloyd j. 
            













i recently returned from my 10th coda trip and each one has been outstanding in so many ways.  i had the pleasure of working with jim smith for the first time in 2005 while living overseas and accompanying a coda tour to turkey.  since then jim has planned three solo trips for me to south africa, russia and peru.   jim has lead many other trips i have been on and i was introduced to agron zyberaj in china where he and jim both led our group.  most recently, i met duni bauta in portugal and the trip was a delight and duni a great addition to the coda team.   coda has been at the forefront of destinations for gay travelers and i highly recommend his trips and look forward to my next one!
        






            s.m.
            



        steve m. 
            













i have taken 9 tours with coda in 21 years, visiting 15 countries.  every trip was extremely well organized, with fascinating destinations, and wonderful travel companions.  i cannot say enough wonderful things about the coda experience.
        





    book now
    




















              at coda tours, we craft immersive travel experiences that are more
              than just vacations – they're adventures tailored for intrepid
              explorers, set in captivating, far-flung destinations, and shared
              with like-minded travelers who celebrate diversity and
              camaraderie.
            


                read more
              







              quick links
            


home


about


faq


contact






              helpful links
            


tours & cruises


tailor-made travel


booking info

florida sellers of travel st36536 

































            copyright @
            coda international tours inc.
            all rights reserved | developed by:
            
              thrasker





























