




reviews & tutorials creator photography travel farm diy









































skip to content


drewloker.com

			youtube.com/drewloker		




menu					 
close					 


home
drew loker – educator and creator
 







north star trails over deer park lake





drew loker





educator – creator – diyer

featuring a variety of topics as well as…
reviews & tutorials.
 

computer    home & farm diy     photography  
  product reviews    travel







school links





khs          lit         vms          wb
index



about me
educator – creator – diyer
thanks for visiting and your interest in this content. i have been a avid diyer and technologist since my first electronics projects kit in the mid 70’s. i have always worked to stay current with the latest technology as a means to keep up with increasing demands, while also trying to solve today’s complex challenge of doing more with less time (and on a budget). my first computer class as a 7th grader in 1979 evolved to a career in computers, photography, publishing, design and media.
in recent years, i have been posting some of my favorites topics and solutions on youtube including tips, reviews & tutorials for home & farm diy, computer, photography product reviews & tutorials, as well as travel and rv tips.
 
note: as an amazon affiliate i may earn from qualifying purchases on any links in the following pages. most of the products, unless specifically noted, have been personally researched, test, reviewed, and/or purchased, etc. there is/was no incentive to review the products…just simply items i have thoroughly researched / purchased and wanting to share my experience with the community. i do appreciate any click-throughs as it does help justify the time spent in sharing my findings.








search…





recent posts


hello world!


recent commentsclay on hello world!archives

may 2021

categories

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 



facebook
twitter
instagram
email




																						drewloker.com																		

				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 












