







							the hotel group - hospitality management and development company
					























































 









caret-down-smallcaret-downcaret-leftcaret-rightcircle-arrow-left-smallcircle-arrow-leftcircle-arrow-right-smallcircle-arrow-rightclose






































minusplus






search


























































who we are



our story
team
awards & accolades




what we do



management
development
investment




where we are



properties




why we exist



values
community engagement




careers



connect with thg
press























































the hotel group, an affiliate of hotel equities


scroll



scroll-indicator-arrow










 
down

 















welcome to the hotel group, an affiliate of hotel equities
we’re dedicated to serving our people and properties, inspiring a culture of hospitality greatness, and delivering maximum investment value for our partners.

learn about our affiliation with hotel equities













who we are




who we are
hospitality leaders  for nearly 40 years
proudly having managed and/or owned over 300 properties across the u.s. and canada, and now affiliated with hotel equities, we have partnered with all major national franchise companies, directed the design and construction of over 50 new hotels, and completed transformational renovations for over 50 hotels. whether it is a property owned by thg or one we manage, our mantra to 'think like an owner' in all situations has served our properties well and encourages their optimal growth.

learn more












“thg has guided us through all facets of a hotel’s life cycle and has given us a beautiful, well managed, profitable and award winning hotel.”
dr. wenzel leff, earthtone properties, hotel owner












what we do




what we do
hospitality management, development and investment
we have a talented and driven team of corporate professionals with proven experience in hospitality, and extensive knowledge in operations, sales, marketing, revenue management, finance, accounting, human resources, guest services, project management, real estate, business development and heart-of-the-house disciplines. we are a dedicated team of dynamic professionals who are hospitality oriented, responsive and hands-on in our approach, maximizing our partners’ investment values.

find out more










where we are
our properties


view all













crowne plaza 

our full service crowne plaza hotel is conveniently located in the heart of downtown kansas city. enjoy classic dining, live music and entertainment in the power & light district, located within walking distance from our hotel.

kansas city, mo











hilton garden inn

our hilton garden inn issaquah hotel is located 15 miles east of seattle, in a beautiful setting where lake sammamish and the cascade mountains meet. 

issaquah, wa











doubletree by hilton 

our doubletree by hilton billings hotel has been a downtown landmark since 1980. located near montana state university, it is close to attractions such as yellowstone art museum and western heritage center. 

billings, mt











hampton inn by hilton

our hampton inn hotel is located near the washington state university campus and is ideal for families and seasoned travels coming to the palouse.

pullman, wa










view all


 











hot off the press



view all








		yakima herald
	
business tidbits: tru by hilton brings national brand to yakima

view






		hotel equities
	
thg announces the groundbreaking of the home2 suites by hilton kalispell

view






		hotel investment today
	
thg ceo unpacks four nonoptional secrets to sucess

view






		hotel equities
	
tru by hilton yakima opening

view






		thg 40th anniversary
	
the hotel group celebrates its 40th

view






		linkedin
	
the sound hotel wins their 2nd connie award

view






view all
















contact us


201 5th avenue southsuite 200edmonds, wa 98020
view on map 



+1 425.771.1788


information@thehotelgroup.com

 



press


privacy policy


sitemap



 

social

facebook
instagram
twitter
linkedin








