




			lansing entertainment & public facilities authority home page
		
































 search




quick links to all lepfa sites






 


















 




welcome to the lepfa website and thank you for your interest in learning more about our organization. if you have any questions after viewing our website or if you are looking for specific information, i am happy to help with your inquiry. please email me at ceo@lepfa.com and i will answer your question to the best of my ability or direct you to someone who can. best regards, tristan wright, interim president & ceo.










welcome to lansing entertainment & public facilities authority




welcome to lansing entertainment & public facilities authority(lepfa), the website for you to find valuable news and information about the three venues that lepfa manages: lansing center, jackson field and groesbeck golf course. we look forward to serving you on your next visit to michigan’s capital city and take pride in being everything that you expect.lepfa's missionto provide professional management toward the administration, operation, marketing and maintenance of lansing center, jackson field, groesbeck golf course and community/regional interest events.through our commitment to service excellence, we provide outstanding experiences for our guests. by providing safe environments and developing strong relationships with our diverse clients, sponsors, and business neighbors, we serve as a catalyst to enhance both local and regional economic growth.lepfa333 e. michigan avenuelansing, mi  48933phone: 517-483-7400fax: 517-483-7439e-mail: infofreedom of information act (foia)the freedom of information act (foia) gives citizens the right of access to most public records and information upon written request. a copy of lepfa's foia written public summary, and foia procedures and guidelines are provided in the links below:lepfa's foia written public summaryfoia procedures and guidelines








copyright 2018 by lepfa 
, lansing entertainment & public facilities authority, all rights researved.  website development by artemis solutons group, website design by vision creative.
contact us  |  about  |  site map  |  privacy statement  |  login













