




brevard county personal injury lawyers in melbourne, cocoa, and titusville, fl





















































    
    








  home  
  practice areas 






auto accidents
motorcycle accidents
motor scooter accidents
trucking accidents
tow truck accidents
pedestrian accidents
bicycle accidents
bus accidents
bus stop accidents
drunk driving accidents
hit and run accidents
rollover accidents
distracted driving accidents
defective tire accidents




medical malpractice
birth injury
misdiagnosis
surgical errors
hospital errors
medication errors




nursing home abuse
elder abuse




premises liability
construction accidents
slip and fall accidents
trip and fall accidents






personal injury
traumatic brain injury
spinal cord injury
wrongful death
product liability
drowning accidents




maritime law
boating accidents







  about us 

 meet our team 
 our results 
 communities we serve 


  resource center  
  locations  
  contact  
  site map  














main office: 321-308-8020
© 2024 charpentier law firm
  









 
celebrating 40 years 
of serving brevard county 
let us help you 






why choose charpentier law firm?








our personal injury attorneys in melbourne, titusville, and cocoa, central florida, offer experienced legal representation exclusively to injured individuals and the family members of those killed as a result of the reckless, careless, or negligent conduct of others. the firm practices law according to the highest standards of professional integrity. we have the resources and intimate knowledge of personal injury law to present the strongest cases possible on behalf of our clients.
if you have been seriously or catastrophically injured, we invite you to consult with our personal injury attorneys. contact our central florida offices in melbourne, titusville, or cocoa today to schedule a free consultation. we will fight to protect your rights and provide you with compassionate guidance throughout the legal process.




  



we have a history of success 
in brevard county 

over the past 40-plus years of helping brevard county's injured and mistreated, our firm has obtained some $65 million in recoveries on behalf of our clients, highlighted by an $15.5 million product liability award.
the team at charpentier law firm has the negotiation skills to reach favorable settlements in many cases, but also has the experience and perseverance to try a case to verdict whenever it is in the best interests of our clients. our history of success illustrates our dedication to our clients and their pursuit of justice. our personal injury attorneys in melbourne, titusville, and cocoa are proud to offer superior legal representation to victims and their families throughout brevard county and central florida.






practice areas 






      personal injury     
      medical malpractice     
      auto accidents     
      premises liability     










it is hard to put into words how comforting it was to know that during a terribly difficult and trying time in our lives, we had an attorney who we could call personally at any time to discuss our concerns.


— gina












  
  
  
  
  











we have 
              two locations
in brevard county

melbourne office
2290 w eau gallie blvd 
ste 212 
melbourne, fl 32935 
      
titusville office
719 garden st 
titusville, fl 32796 
      










   
since 1981, stephen g. charpentier has been representing victims in cases that include medical malpractice, auto accidents, personal injuries and wrongful death.
to schedule your free consultation, call us right now at 321-308-8020.





let's talk
about your case








































 home 
 practice areas 
 about us 
 resource center 
 locations 
 contact 
 site map 













 *disclaimer: the information provided by this website is for informational purposes only and should not be considered legal advice or a substitute for competent legal counsel. 


       


























