











hunting in alaska - alaska wilderness enterprises llc





























































alaska wilderness enterprises, llc


skip to content
home
hunting

grizzly bear
brown bear
black bear
moose
caribou
dall sheep
mountain goat


fishing

fairbanks

arctic grayling
northern pike


yakutat

rainbow trout
cutthroat trout
silver salmon
steelhead




winter

fairbanks ice fishing
fairbanks snowmobile tours


scenic floats
getting here
videos/podcasts
about
contact
 













 


social
 facebook
 twitter






winter sports 



  


wilderness enterprises offers ice fishing in fairbanks and guided snowmobile tours.  you may see some northern lights too!








fishing in alaska 



  


wilderness enterprises have been one of the premier fishing guides in alaska for over 30 years. guided fishing trips in fairbanks, yakutat, and winter ice fishing.








alaska hunting trips 



  


alaska hunting guides for dall sheep, caribou, moose, grizzly bear, brown bear,  black bear hunting, and mountain goat hunting.








hunting in alaska
you will experience the finest in big game hunting and sport-fishing that alaska has to offer. from the salmon rich streams of southeast alaska’s majestic rain forests to the mighty yukon river valley, our 25 years of experience ensures an alaskan adventure of a lifetime. 
we are dedicated to the alaska bound adventure traveller and have successfully guided our clients to the most productive big game rich areas of the state. 
wilderness enterprises offers unparalleled personal service and we dedicate our business to the success and enjoyment of your big game or sport-fishing trip.
joe letarte came to alaska in 1979 and has been involved in the hunting in alaska industry since that time. joe has a master guide license with experience spanning from the brooks range to the alaska range, and from the aleutians to most of southeast alaska. with knowledge of hunting in such a vast area, it has enabled joe to select the best game rich areas in the state to conduct his business. currently, hunts are conducted in three geographically different locations, the alaska range, the yukon river valley and the tongass national forest.
hunting in the alaska range, the focus is on dall sheep, moose, interior grizzly, caribou, wolf, and wolverine. this area in the heart of the majestic alaska range features broad valleys, sprawling glaciers and abundant game populations that offer quality trophies in an unspoiled wilderness setting.
in the tongass national forest, our operations are based out of yakutat. this is one of the most game-rich areas in the world, hosting large populations of brown bears, black bears, mountain goat and the largest salmon runs found in alaska. this coastal wilderness of old-growth sitka spruce in the forelands gives way to the glacier-strewn valleys of the brabazon mountains, then rises up toward the majestic st. elias range. this mystical wilderness is home to a rare color phase of the black bear known as the glacier bear only to be found in this area.  alaska wilderness enterprises is an equal opportunity provider operating under permit from the tongass national forest.
our third area of operation is in the yukon river valley. this particular area is one of the most remote wilderness areas left on earth. our concession of 4.3 million acres is one of the largest black bear concessions in the world. this wetland is ideal habitat for black bear and hosts the largest population of black bear found in north america. the cinnamon color phase is quite abundant in this area also, so along with the large number of black bear, this allows for a bag limit of three bears per hunter. a good population of interior grizzlies also hold claim to this
remote wilderness area.



hunting in alaska: master guide & outfitters
wilderness emergency medical technician (emt) trained

wilderness enterprises is an equal opportunity provider operating under permit from the tongass national forest










 alaska wilderness enterprises, llc
(907) 488-7517  - 
wildernessenterprises@gmail.com 
joe letarte ~ 7445 chena hotsprings rd ~ fairbanks ~ alaska 99712
mailing address:
p.o. box 16075 ~ two rivers ~ alaska ~ 99716
 alaska hunting trips | fishing in alaska | scenic float trips | contact | directions | blog | videos & podcasts | about us | 
 











menu 

homehunting▼grizzly bearbrown bearblack bearmoosecariboudall sheepmountain goatfishing▼fairbanksyakutatwinter▼fairbanks ice fishingfairbanks snowmobile toursscenic floatsgetting herevideos/podcastsaboutcontact 























