




















angelo state university
















skip to main content







en español

welcome home




angelo state university












search















toggle search form


toggle main menu












 apply




 get info


 give







academics


academic programs


departments


colleges


courses


academic calendar




about asu


history


core values


news


traditions


about san angelo


welcome from the president


mission statement




admissions & aid


apply to asu


admitted students


request more information


visit angelo state university


paying for college




life on campus


live


play


lead


work


explore




community


asu mayer museum


alumni association


small business development center


west texas collection


natural history collections


kay bailey hutchison center for cyber intelligence, innovation, and security studies


laura w. bush institute for women’s health


arts at asu


planetarium


stephens chapel


ranch and meat market


asu ticket office


summer camps and conferences




give to asu


make a gift


signature events


join




athletics





quick links



ramport


library


bookstore


events


public health updates


administration


research


mental health services


title ix/incident report


en español





information for



current students


faculty & staff


admitted students


military


parents & families


alumni


visitors


school counselors


online students









angelo state university




home
/







angelo state university


your journey starts here.












      academic programs      discover what you love through our variety of academic offerings.








      life on campus      connect with your ram family and get plugged into campus life.








      paying for college      we’re committed to helping you graduate with as little debt as possible.









visit us




explore our beautiful campus in person!
or take a virtual tour from the comfort of your own home.







we’re with youevery step of the way.











because that’s what family does.


















our commitment to helping you succeed runs deep.




academic and student support services


















pride and power.




turn passion into impact.




“it’s important to give back, because asu feels like home. ram fam is not just a slogan, it’s the culture of this campus. everyone gives back and is always trying to help others.”
jarret lujan, class of 2016, 2017




give back










live a #ramfam life.












campus events campus news















a culture based on values




values are at the center of all we do, and each member of the ram family is part of our journey as we build a values-based culture.




angelo state core values









45%  of asu students graduate debt-free while at angelo state.financial aid




  “the faculty at asu knew my worth before i saw it in myself. they helped pave a way for me.”thalia hernandezclass of 2020  “angelo state is the best option as far as the lower cost and the education you receive.”marcus jassoclass of 2024, nursing  “i love our core values - they don’t disregard anyone. anyone is welcome, and i really admire that.”reilly amslerclass of 2026  “i chose asu because it feels like a home away from home that will always support me throughout my future endeavors.”sawyer wrightmanagement, class of 2025  “i couldn’t be in a more comfortable environment anywhere else. angelo state is a second home to me.”coulter mcwilliamsmusic education  “if you are looking for a place to get a high-quality education at a moderate price and are serious about a career when you graduate, asu is the place for you.”corey owensclass of 2005 and 2007  “angelo state was the first college that i actually felt at home at. i had a prior degree before angelo state, but when people ask me – i’m a ram.”brian gilbertclass of 1998  “the first time i was ever on campus, i was already registering for classes. i’ve been so grateful to be a part of the ram fam. this is a place where you can be yourself and grow.”hannah cooperclasses of 2020 and 2021, animal science  “the fact that asu is more affordable than many universities offers an incredible opportunity to gain a quality learning experience at a great value.”emily hendryxclass of 2012  “i wish every college student could have the opportunity to experience what i had at angelo state!”jennifer hendryx parsonsclass of 2009  “angelo state is a place where people go to grow, develop and learn.”henry jacksonpresident, buckner children family services, class of 1994  “asu prepared me for my career by teaching me how to problem solve. specifically, how to approach a large problem in small achievable steps. if you don’t give up, and you learn as you go, you can accomplish anything.”travis barnettclass of 2012, ceo, centerline engineering & consulting  “this little campus appears innocuous due to its size and location, but it is teeming with brilliant professors, dedicated staff, and a real family atmosphere.”heidi moyerdoctor of physical therapy, adjunct professor, class of 2016  “you’re getting a good education when you come to asu.”reilly amslereducation, early childhood - 6 generalist with ech-12 special ed, class of 2026  “when i applied to asu i was hoping for the ultimate college experience, little did i know that graduating debt free would be included as well!”beth simmonsclass of 2019  “not only does asu support their students financially, but throughout the entire campus, from the amazing professors to thriving organizations. i couldn’t have chose a better university.”beth simmonsclass of 2019  “as an international student i wanted to attend a trustworthy university with a verifiable legacy and hometown feeling in a suburban location. asu ticked all the boxes!”matthew mbangaceo of foundations for farming, class of 2003  “through the help of the angelo state staff and faculty, i landed in a field that i never knew i would love. asu’s faculty and staff got me to where i am today.”brit raleyclass of 2019  “the professors and staff know me by name and believe in me; something i wouldn’t get at another university.”emily richardsonclass of 2026  “i had a lot of options for undergrad, but not a day goes by that i’m not glad i came to angelo state university!”megg dudleyclass of 2021




79  individual national titlesathletics5  national championshipsathletics27  lone star conference championshipsathletics












  if you want to go fast, go alone. but if you want to go far, go together.go as a ram.apply visit us request info

















                            2601 w. avenue n san angelo, tx 76909
                        


1-800-946-8627



campus map







contact asu


university directory


ramport


jobs at asu







facebook


x


instagram


youtube






©2025 angelo state university
all rights reserved
editor login



scroll to top













ttu system


texas tech university


ttu health sciences center


ttuhsc el paso


midwestern state university






institutional résumés



asu privacy policy


weather and emergency notifications


mental health services


title ix/incident report


state of texas


statewide search


texas homeland security


texas veterans portal


state auditor’s office


fraud prevention


site policies



















