
on-line christian films and videos - christiananswers.net/streams





featured streaming films
many more are available throughout our christian answers web site

“beloved enemy”to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video.“beloved enemy” is the story of a agnostic ph.d. scientist’s honest, but very skeptical, search for truth. the action flows from ski slopes to jungles and involves his relationship with a christian woman (a doctor) who refuses to marry him, despite their love. this is due to her desire to obey god’s word about refusing to marry a non-believer—becoming “unequally yoked.” she agrees to his challenge to relinquish if his research proves christ is not the messiah and did not rise from the dead.a film by christiananswerslength: 90 minutes • copyright © christian answers, films for christ. all rights reserved.questions and answers about the resurrection of jesus christlearn more — answers to all the most frequently asked questions about christ. examine the evidence for his divinity, miracles and claims.archaeology and the bible — our team of experts answers your questions about archaeological evidence and the bible.is jesus christ the answer to your questions? searching for the truth? discover reliable answers about god, yourself, and the big questions of life.

“the world that perished”to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video.the genesis flood is not a fairytale! it really happened. this award-winning documentary reveals the world’s most awesome catastrophe, bringing to light the scientific and historic evidence that god’s judgment in the days of noah was real and global. discover fascinating facts and the planet-changing nature of the flood. more informationa film by christiananswerslength: 33 minutes • copyright © christian answers, films for christ. all rights reserved.learn more about the worldwide flood in our creation superlibrary section — questions answered by science experts

“the great dinosaur mystery”to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video.did dinosaurs really become extinct millions of years before the existence of humans? — more informationa film by christiananswerslength: 19 minutes • copyright © christian answers, films for christ. all rights reserved.
learn more in our “great dinosaur mystery and the bible” section


“the genesis solution”to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video.this film has helped viewers worldwide to understand the bible’s true position on the issue of creation versus evolutionism. its strong motivational effect is widely acclaimed by christian leaders. it features ken ham, a native australian with “down-under” wit and humor.a film by christiananswerslength: 45 minutes • copyright © christian answers, films for christ. all rights reserved.creation or evolutionism—what difference does it make? answerbrowse our creation superlibrary, provided by a top team of experts from various respected creation science organizations—answering your questions on a wide variety of relevant topics.

god’s redemptive story from beginning to endvideo by mars hill productions75 minutesdiscover god’s promise for all people—told beautifully and clearly from the beginning. discover the hope!learn more about…god’s story: from beginning to eternitychronological bible story teaching for more effective evangelism

“a question of origins”to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video.the molecules-to-man theory has no direct evidence to support it. this film exposes the blind speculation and evolutionism bias in three areas of science: cosmology, chemistry and biology. did the solar system evolve out of the big bang? can chemical compounds spontaneously evolve into life? does evolution explain the great variety of life on earth?produced by eternal productionslength: 60 minutes • copyrighted. all rights reserved.learn more. browse our creation superlibrary, provided by a top team of experts from various respected creation science organizations who answer your questions on a wide variety of relevant topics.

“we challenge all evolutionists to watch this video”in this video, calvin smith takes a deep dive into the amazing kinesin protein. unfortunately, evolutionists will claim that this protein is the result of chance, but if you take the time to listen to the experts who have researched this topic, this video will change your mind.video by answers in genesis canadalength: 23 minutes

“top ten discoveries in 2023 in biblical archaeology”video by associates for biblical research, a christian answers team memberlength: 25 minutesdoes archaeology conclusively demonstrate the bible to be reliable and unique among all the holy books of world religions?visit our bible archaeology section for much more information

“can we trust the bible?”mark spence —“the most common objection i hear concerning the bible is that it can’t be trusted as god’s word because, well, it was written by man and everyone knows men make mistakes. in actuality, the bible was written through men, by god…”video by living waters, a christian answers team memberlength: 4 minutesis the bible truth or tabloid?bible accuracy—how do we know the bible is true? the popular delusion that the bible is full of mistakes is often agreed upon by christians as well as non-christians. learn some of the facts and reasons why this is not the case.bible accuracy—when we say that the bible is the word of god, does that imply that it is completely accurate, or does it contain insignificant inaccuracies in details of history and science?infallibility—how can the bible be infallible if it is written by fallible humans?contradictions in the bible? if the bible is the word of god, how can you explain the contradictions of the bible?answers to tricky questions, including: can god create a rock so big that he can’t lift it? / if god created satan, and satan is evil, is evil god’s fault? / could jesus have sinned? / if god is everywhere, is he in hell? / if enough monkeys randomly typed for a long enough time, could psa. 23 emerge?internal harmony—a skeptic questions whether the bible’s internal harmony is evidence of its divine inspiration — he suggests that the existence of the james bond film series disproves that argument. see our response

“6 reasons we should read genesis like jesus”todd frielvideo by wretchedlength: 7 minutes

“evidence that king david’s descendants survived in exile”joel p. kramer, christian archaeologist and author, describes the importance of the ration tablets discovered in the ruins of babylon. when nebuchadnezzar destroyed jerusalem, it appeared that king david’s descendants had not survived. however, during excavations of babylon in 1903, archaeologist robert koldewey discovered an inscription mentioning the king of judah. this find proved to be archaeological evidence demonstrating that david’s royal line lived through exile, which was necessary for god’s promise to be fulfilled that the messiah would come from the house of david.video by expedition biblelength: 15 minuteswho is king david?who are the davidic kings?what is the line of lineage from david to jesus christ, through joseph the adoptive father of jesus?what is the line of lineage from david to jesus christ, through mary?who is king jehoiachin (aka jechonias, jeconiah, jekonjah, yaukin (abbreviated babylonian version), coniah, neri?what is the kingdom of judah?what is the tribe of judah?what is jerusalem?what are the exiles?who is king nebuchadnezzar?what is babylon / babel?what is the kingdom of babylon?what are tablets?what is cuneiform writing?what and who is the promised messiah?who is king baasha whose throne was forever cut-off?

“ten of the top scientific facts in the bible”video by living waters, a christian answers team memberlength: 29 minuteslearn more in our christian answers creation superlibrary

“ex-atheist blown away by the gospel”ray comfort speaks with an ex-atheist and shares with him the raw, biblical gospel. his reaction is pretty remarkable.video by living waters, a christian answers team memberlength: 12 minutes

jesus—the filmaward-winning and the most textually accurate feature film about christ127 minuteslearn more about jesus christ, the promised one of god—answers to frequently-asked-questionsdiscover the good news that jesus christ offers

“dangerous journey”by yorkshire televisionlength: 2 hr. 9 min.

“unpopular: the movie”length: 29 minutes

“billie eilish reveals how porn destroyed her mind”famous singer and songwriter billy eilish has made headlines recently for her shocking claims against porn use. while certainly commendable, ray comfort explains why it won’t actually lead to any real lasting change, because it misses the main reason why people should avoid porn. he then shares the gospel with two young men who admit to using porn.video by living waters, a christian answers team memberlength: 16 minutesporn—how can i tell if i’m getting addicted to pornography or sex? answersexual lust outside of marriage—why does god strongly warn us about it?purity—should i save sex for marriage?is there a way to overcome excessive lust for sex?what is sexual immorality?how can i deal with temptations?what are the consequences of sexual immorality? answerlearn about spiritual light versus darknesslearn how to make your love the best it can be. christian answers to questions about sex, marriage, sexual addictions, and more. valuable resources for christian couples, singles and pastors.

“the power and message of the cross!”“the foolishness of the cross is the wisdom of god and the wisdom of god is powerful in its impact.” —alistair beggvideo by apologia broslength: 16 minutes




do not link or take any of our video, audio or graphics files. all content (including text, graphics, sound files, videos, html coding, java, etc.) contained on this web site is copyrighted and may not be used without permission. the christiananswers.net domain is owned and operated by films for christ which operates under the following registered names—“eden communications,” “christian answers,” “christian answers network,” “christiananswers.net,” “christian spotlight on the movies,” “christian spotlight on entertainment,” “christian spotlight on tv,” “kid explorers,” “webbible,” “great dinosaur mystery,” and “christian videos for prisons.” these are legally protected trademarks and operating names belonging to films for christ/eden communications.
copyright © christian answers®.




