


















home - new hartford central school district




































































 
















calendarcontact usptanews
search







homeour districtacademicsathleticsboard of educationdepartments & services






r.e. myles elementarye.r. hughes elementaryrobert l. bradley elementaryperry junior highhigh school










 
 



 

district headlines


board of education announces appointment of superintendent of schools


in-person kindergarten registration to be held in march for the 2025-26 school year


high school turf field and track to close in may for facility upgrades


new hartford high school students shine in regional art competition


news »






district events



monday, february 17 – friday, february 21


no school – mid-winter recess 


friday, february 21

all day

registration deadline for march sat 


monday, february 24

all day

day 2 – elementary 

day 2 – secondary 


tuesday, february 25

all day

day 3 – elementary 





calendar »





mission statement
the new hartford central school community ensures an engaging, student-focused environment where everyone can learn, succeed and values:~ excellence~ innovation~ citizenship~ integrity




featured links


board of education meeting live stream
building & grounds/technology support
classlink
dignity for all students act (dasa)
employment
facilities use request
parentsquare
school meal menus
schooltool
superintendent search information
















district office33 oxford roadnew hartford, ny 13413phone (315) 624-1000fax (315) 724-8940superintendent: dr. cosimo tangorra, jr.



    
this website is maintained by the new hartford central school district communications office. it is the goal of new hartford central school district that this website is accessible to all users. view our accessibility statement. the district is not responsible for facts or opinions contained on any linked site. some links and features on this site require the adobe acrobat reader to view. visit the adobe website to download the free acrobat reader. this website was produced in cooperation with capital region boces engagement & development services. 
 















