





















home page - ginsters









































 











the nation’s favourite cornish pasty


100% british meat






perfect for lunch


we have a tasty new look



the nation’s favourite cornish pasty*
with over 50 years of baking expertise our chefs are dedicated to creating the best quality pasties, slices and rolls from our home in cornwall. our delicious products are packed full of flavour and encased in golden baked puff pastry. whether it’s a sausage roll, the classic peppered steak slice or our new hunters chicken slice, you are in for a treat.
air-fryer friendly, you can create a satisfying lunch in just 10 minutes.





always 100% british meat



no added artificial colours, flavours or preservatives



locally sourced veg**



* iri infoscan total savoury pastry, value share 12w/e 16.04.23 at 9.6%** locally sourced vegetables where possible






back on tv: taste the effort brand campaign
we’re back on tv with a £4m campaign which heroes our great quality ingredients. meet ‘merryn’ a local cornish farmer who goes above and beyond to grow the highest quality veg for ginsters’ delicious and iconic pasties.
inspired by the farmers we work with, we’re excited for everyone to ‘taste the effort’ that goes into each and every one of our products.

on air from 16th february











our range
you can’t beat the original cornish pasty. the nation’s favourite. potato, onion and swede (all locally sourced from cornwall) combined with 100% british beef in ginsters’ signature peppery gravy, all encased in golden puff pastry, it’s just delicious!
for those of you wanting a little more culinary adventure, tuck into our bakes range, bringing world flavours such as cajun spiced chicken, philly cheese steak or meatball marinara to tempt your taste buds.
does our brand-new bbq hunters chicken slice or our smoky beef chilli pasty take your fancy? perhaps it’s a ‘classic’ flavour kinda day? then tuck into our hearty peppered steak slice for the win. there are so many to choose from, you won’t be disappointed.


pasties slices bakes rolls 








© 2025 ginsters.
policiescontactmodern slavery statement
facebook
instagram
x
youtube



 





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits.by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.however, you may visit cookie settings to provide a controlled consent. for more detailed information about the cookies we use, see our cookies policy.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview

this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                        necessary 
                    


 necessary 


                        always enabled                    



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                        analytics 
                    


analytics




analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.






                        functional 
                    


functional




functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.






                        advertisement 
                    


advertisement




advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.






save & accept


















