




what daddy doesn't know — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































sweetheartkim
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














sweetheartkim







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            what daddy doesn't know
        

            could fill up this journal...hee hee
        




linksphone sex super starssugar cals
march 2007 123
45678910
11121314151617
18192021222324
25262728293031






09 march 2007 @ 02:22 am
phone sex ads  


this is my ad that i use when i post in news groups and such. i'm trying to save up to get a better car than i have and so im advertising the crapola out of my site phone sex sweet heart so i can show the world my talent and get many more of you sexy studds addicted to my kind of phone sex. any tips on how to make it hotter, besides naked pictures, cause some of those places wont let me post nudeys. also, when you were searching for kinky phone sex, how did you find us? where all did you look before you found us? where should i be making sure me and the rest of my girls should be posting? i would greatly appreciate any and all help, pointers and tricks.im sure having way to much fun here. i still can't believe i get paid to play, it's the best job ever! i love everyone i work with, i love the callers and the regulars, and most importantly,  l love love the perverts. anyways, just to show you how much i love you, ill have a new gallery up shortly, and to see that gallery, all you will have to do is purchase a fifteen minute call the first month it is up and ill give you the password, then it goes up to thirty minutes. i like to keep my hot little body under wraps, just proves to you that i am one hot little tease. ill let you know when its all up.we had a couple of really nice days here recently. spent them on the beach i love so much, the one just down the street. i got a kite at the dollar store and flew it for hours. i know, not a very sexy thing to do, but it was really really relaxing. i got a bit of a sun burn, but it doesnt hurt that much. who wants to kiss it and make it feel better? rub me down with aloe?sissys still can't believe it that i am such a pro at sissy phone sex. i have been doing it since i was a kid, so i know what im talking about. i love playing dress up, and i love having my own personal fuck whores. can't get enough, what can i say?anyways, i have to make sure this add isnt to big for the page, resize it if it is, and then put my happy butt to bed for day long fuck sessions with horny men such as yourself. i need to be well rested, so i can, well.. you know.. satisfy you as well as myself all day long.call me at 1-888-662-6482  and ask for kimberly.my superstars web pagemy personal site
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


01 march 2007 @ 02:21 am
taboo phone sex  


hey...it's me again. whoah doggies have you guys been keeping this lil hooker busy with mad kinky calls... hee hee. i would tell you all about them, but... uh... they are a little bit taboo and i don't want to make some of you uneasy. i love the taboo... you all know what im talking about... those calls that you can only whisper into my ear what naughty things you want to do to my young tight body. the kind where you know you shouldn't be doing me, but you just have to do me, cause im so innocent, do corruptable. oh yeah... the last guy told me i had a voice that was so sweet sounding that his dick jumped when i uttered the vulgar words he loved so much. hearing me cry out his name, he said, was pure heaven. let me tell you, i truly, truly get off on these kinky, extreme calls. that's why im so good at em, cause i love doing em. some of you think that what you are about to tell me will shock me and i will just hang up... oh hell no. i want to know more! i want to explore everything to do with erotic fantasies. personally, im doing awesome. i got totally spoiled on valentines day... with chocolate, roses, and an awesome pink saphire tennis bracelet. i fucking rock it! i don't think there has been a day since vd that i haven't had that pink shiny peace of heaven on.i also sleep with my cute teddy bear, i swear he's almost as big as i am... and yes, i sleep naked against him, all cuddled up. i have to get my camera back from my sister so i can take pictures... then i will put them up in my journal. i had a date this past weekend, some of you heard about it. i was totally getting finger fucked on the dance floor at a club i snuck into. it rocked hard core. he probably would have fucked me if i stayed there longer, he was fucking rock hard. i probably should have, but you know me... i get a little shy sometimes. i like to be buck wild, but with a couple hundred people around, it was a little ... you know. i did end up blowing him, later on, in payback for the orgasm he gave me.i am still taking my dance classes. i went to a competition a couple weeks ago and got first place across the board. my dance partner is this totally awesome guy who is so sweet, i kinda have a crush on him. he's so shy, i think if i were to come on to him, he might run... so im laying down hints here and there and hopefully soon he will make his move. i so totally love dancing. when i compete... this week it was waltz, tango, and rhumba that i competed in, but when i compete, and all eyes are on me... i feel so amazing. i get off the floor and i just have goose bumps running down my arms and legs. it's truly an amazing experience.well, i yack to much. i know, ballroom dancing not so sexy, but i really like it. it's apart of who i am, plus... you havent seen my dresses... i totally rock them... oh yeah!talk to you soon...kiss, kimberlyphone sex sweetheartsuper star kimberly1-888-662-6482tags: phone sex
 
leave a comment




 


 



21 january 2007 @ 06:29 am
ballerina phone sex  


click my pic to hear my voice!!!http://www.phonesexsweetheart.comhttp://www.phonesexsuperstars.com/kimberly.htmhi guys!i know, mad lomg time sine i posted. ive been kinda sorta busy having way tooo much fun playing with you guys. boy, oh boy, this lil body is well satisfied, let me tell you, least for the next five minutes.. hee hee. ive been doing a lot of taboo phone sex, i mean, some of you guys have let me take you places i didn't even know i had in me. sheesh, i hand up the phone and i just can't believe how hot the calls can get... whoah doggy. ive also been playing with my sissy boys. i love sissy boys and some of you know that i have been dressing up sissies for a very long time.... hee hee. i started with my best friends brother and just havent stopped. i have a new sissy who i will be putting her pic on craigslist so that she can go to work for me... hee hee. im so naughty. she went through sissy school, i taught her everything she needed to know, from how to sissy talk, to how to sissy fuck, to how to dress to be the perfect sissy, complete with makeup. i can't wait for her to start. some of you have seen my wishlist and have asked if im a dancer. yeah, ive been taking dance lessons since i was a little girl. ballet primarily, but i do know ballroom, contemp and jazz. i took about a year off but have started back up with a vengence. and to answere you second question... yes... i am very, very flexible... hee hee. to see more of my wishlist, go here... http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/3of8srhlro0d2/i guess im done blabbering on, call me!!!kimberly...kiss
 
leave a comment




 


09 march 2006 @ 03:31 pm
i fucked misty!!!  


ok, so i have been off for a couple weeks. i know, bad girl, and when you find out what i have been doing you are going to think... really bad girl. i have been having mad sex... with a girl. oh my gosh, my friend from europe came back with a lot of european tongue tricks, and holy fuck, i swear she about killed me. told me the first night we were together that she always wanted to see my sweet little cunt burried between my long legs, and i guess i just had to oblidge. let me tell you, my lil pussy aches just thinking about looking down and seeing her peak up over my mound. i can't wait to tell you all the dirty, naughty details. we almost got caught... twice ... by my father, whom you all know would probably have a heart attack if he knew that misty was fucking me. he's so strict. that's what he gets for monitoring my dating so much... hee hee. she's got her own place now, and ill be staying nights over there some nights. my parents love her to death and just think she is an awesome influence on me. she has them fooled, next time you call me, just ask me about the time we did the "grocery shopping" for my family and ended up... well... uh... doing something really naughty to a guy i have to see on a regular basis now. hee heeshe loves that i do phone sex and can't wait till i can do a call while she's going down on me. she doesn't want the guy to know that it's her tongue that is working me all up while im phone fucking you, but we don't have to tell her you know, right? lol ill work on her...i want you guys to hear what she does to me, oh my goodness...wow.
 
leave a comment




 


 



21 february 2006 @ 01:43 pm
phone sex sweetheart  


hee hee ... last night i got to be a sneaky daddy's girl who sucked daddy's cock on the way to school. he was driving, and i just slipped my head down into his lap and latched on. every time we came to a stop light, i would pop up and smile pretty for all the cars around us, but every time i started moving again... i would go to town!!! he finally had find somewhere private for us to park and push me up against the door so he could bang my sweet little ass. im such a good baby girl!!! guess what? my gallery is finally done...woo hoo. so, in order to see all my naughty pictures in there, all you have to do is purchase a twenty minute call and these sweet little lips will whisper the user name and password in your ear!!! next, my best friend is finally coming back home!!! shes a lucky girl who has been touring around europe, her parents are loaded. and guess what, shes going to be staying with me till her apartment is finished being decorated. she so knows what i do and i am going to try really hard to get her to...uh...play with me on the phone for you guys. let her lick my sweet lil twat..hee hee.click on my banner above to go to my personal website or click on the picture below to go to my super star web page!!!</a>
 
leave a comment




 


 



20 february 2006 @ 01:17 pm
phone sex sweet heart  


 whoosh! what an awesome weekedn. i so love my job..hee hee. i got to be daddy's lil princess who seduced daddy into doing things he ought not do with his baby girl. who can resist my innocent charms? hee hee. i also got to play the baby sitter, but this lil ho didnt seduce the daddy this time, she seduced the guy she was babysitting...i took his virginity...hee hee. bad girl!!! i love age play calls, i guess that is why i am so good at it.what i want now is a couple sissys to dress up and play with. i love playing with sissys, but i guess they don't think i can handle them. truth be told, its  one of my favorite fetishes and fantasies. i want my very own man i can play with just like i used to play with my barbie dolls. i used to get real naughty with them..hee hee. any takers? any one man enough to let me sissify them? hee heeboth my  website and my  webpage have voice links on them. so if you want to hear my sexy voice...simply go to my pages and listen...hee hee. my gallery for my website should be done tonight, the web lady is behind, way behind, but i will be harping on her to get it done so you all can see my sexy pictures...hee hee. </p>speaking of wich, check this one out...hee hee. 
 
leave a comment




 


 



17 february 2006 @ 11:38 am
i said i would update, and whoah, here i am.  


so...what do i talk about..hmmmm...uhh...hee hee. i want to go to paris, really really bad. i have for like forever. watching all the audrey hepburn movies, has totally gotten me smitten with paris. i would love to go stand in places i know she has been. i even speak like a little bit of it, but if i had the chance to go, i would learn the whole french language. i love the fashions, what i wouldnt give to be dressedin couture for once in my life. i wish i could be sabrina, and go live over there for a couple years. come back all grown up, a woman with fashion and style. i hope its not just a pipe dream, i really really want to go. maybe i should see how much it would cost to go to paris for like two weeks. i mean, i never thought i could work hard enough to get out of my parents house while doing this, i mean, if i learn how to advertise more, i could so earn as much as some of the more popular girls, i mean, i love this job, so it's really easy to do, and would be really easy to work harder at. k...hold on a second, im going to go look. let's see how far out i can search for a trip. ok, so a trip for one to paris in october is between 2500 and five thousand dollars. kinda steep, but it might be a good goal to do. i could get a cell phone and do calls there. the one place i want to stay at bad is a 19th century mansion converted to a hotel, its the one that is for five grand. i could probably babysit lots this summer too to help me earn money. i don't spend anything, so pretty much all i make i save, so it might be do able. we shall see, depends on what my rent is going to be like and my bills. hee hee... i just got stopped in the middle of this journal entry to fuck someone i was babysitting. he must have known i said babysitting in my journal cause as soon as i finished that last paragraph he called and said he wanted me to be his babysitter...to cool. alright, i will try to update tomorrow, so we shall see. kimberly   
current mood: coldcurrent music: sweet home alalabama
 
leave a comment




 


16 february 2006 @ 12:51 pm
gosh, imma bad journaler  


i know, im horrible, imma bad journaler. it's been forever since i updated, and i know i need to get better at it. please, if youc can, remind me at least once a week. what i should do is write up all my naughty calls, that would be so much fun. so you all can see what i do on a daily basis. i swear you guys love me to death don't you, or at least my little body. i love all of you who have called and shared all your naughty desires with me. i can't get enough of it. more more more!!!coming soon.... my voice wave on my superstars page...and on my webisite...and could it be, could i really be getting my galleries done on my http://www.phonesexsweetheart.com ??? why yes, the web lady said she would have them done sometime this week. i am really going to push her to get both those done so that way i can share more with all you guys. i should be adding a new gallery in the next couple weeks, so keep on the look out for it. im still in my parents house, but i should be getting out hopefully this summer. there is so much stuff that i need to get for my new place its not even funny. i have enough money for the deposit, i just want to get enough to have back up money for things i forget. i also dont know what deposits are going to be like on phone and electric since i have like absolutely no credit. im so excited. my dad still has no clue, im worried i might break my moms heart, but i cant live with them forever. there are going to flip when they find out i have the money to do it, ill just say i was a telemarketer. i sell you guys stuff...hee hee...me.anyways, i got a call coming in so i should go. i will try and update say .... tomorrow? works for me...hee hee. kimberly   
current mood: happycurrent music: come to my window
 
leave a comment




 


 



06 october 2005 @ 04:45 am
i love phone sex  


this was left as feed back in my last journal entry, so i thought i would answer the questions here. "hey kim (anonymous) 2005-09-23 03:25 am utc (link)  hey kim..i just came across this. how neat !! and your pictures are awesome also. so do you really have your own place/floor above the parents ?? wow..so at least when you cum, you must not be loud, huh !! does your phone ring straight to your floor ? if so, at least you have some privacy. hopefully you'll get lots of calls so you can get your own pad. i'll have to hollar at ya. i love phone sex to, it's a very positive habit and very fun and pleasurable. how did you get involved in the phone sex industry, friend, ad, etc. ?? are you going to college this fall ?? i bet you love that ! well let me know kim the best time to call you. i heard you saying you had a hard time buying youtr toy, if so, it does feel weird at first, but adult stores are cool....they have bunch of neat things to experiment with., but they are expensive sometimes. i think you'll like ordering online in the future, that's how i get most of my naughty videos, etc. look forward to hearing back from ya kim...have fun and much pleasure !! stay sweet daniel in florida "thanks daniel for the letter, that was so sweet of you to write to me. yup, i do have my own place/floor above my parents, its actually two floors above my parents bedroom, so im pretty secluded. they transformed the attic into my play room when i was just a baby, a la the movie crush, if any of you remember that movie. i just rented it a couple weeks ago and it rocked. no merry go round in mine, but you get the idea. i changed it into my bedroom when i was fourteen cause my dad complained about the music all the time. i do have my own phone line, that was my sixteenth birthday present. my rooms pretty sound proof cause my dad made it that way cause my music bother him hard core, so i can scream as loud as i want and no one will hear me... anyone wanna do a role play surrounding that? loli'm not going to college just yet. i was accepted to a couple big colleges, but i don't think that if i were to go now, i would succeed in them. i'm pretty burnt on the whole school thing right now. i was a pretty good student and my last year of highschool was spent at the comunity college doing a running start program. i don't know what i want to do with my life just yet, and i really don't think a standard college is going to offer me what im looking for right now. my parents want me to go to school here, pretty much demanded it, so i would rather not go to college than be forced to go here anyways. im probably shooting myself in the foot, but its my choice. anyways, thanks daniel and to all of you who read my last journal entry. i will update hopefully on a more regular basis. i just don't know what to say in here yet. someone said i should write about my calls and i think i will, if that is ok with you guys?kimberly   
current mood: curiouscurrent music: hollerback girl
 
leave a comment




 


19 september 2005 @ 04:08 am
my first entry  


hi, i'm kimberly, and this is my journal. this will contain all the tales of my life as a phone sex operator. imma baby ho as some of the girls call me, i think cause i'm so young and because i am so new at phone sex. so far i have had sooo much fun playing with all the boys while my father either sleeping or away at work. you see, i still live with my family, i graduated back in june and my dad is sooo worried about me and boys that he pretty much won't let me work, and without working, i can't get my own place. soooo... i decided to become a phone sex operator to foil both his attempts to keep me away from you  naughty boys and to earn money so i can get my own apartment and stuff to put in it. if he ever found out i was doing this, he would kill me. i have to keep my money that i earn hidden from him so that he doesnt catch on to me, so i stuff all my money in my teddy bear that sits on my bed. it's not so bad, i have the whole top floor to myself and i have a way of sneaking out that my dad doesn't know about, so if i want to go out without having a huge arguement with him then i just wait for him to fall asleep and then sneak out my window. i live in a converted attic, which is cool, i have the whole place painted pink and i have my own little kitchen area and bathroom in there, so i really don't have to fuss with my family that much. it's like my own apartment, but not really. my dad isnt evil or anything, he just doesnt want me to get hurt or anything, pretty much just wanted me to stay is baby girl. but baby girls always grow up. he runs our family restarant, i worked there for a little bit, but that's how i met my last boyfriend who was nooo good for me. my dad didnt like that our how all the guys flirted with me, so that didnt last long. so, when you have phone sex with me, not only will you bet getting me off, hee hee, you will be helping me move out. i have only had two sex partners, well three if you count that one guy, but there was no penetration or anything, so i really don't count him, but that doesnt mean i don't want to learn everything i can about sex and fantasies. i have already learned so much and have had soooo much fun, its not even funny!!! so, try me out... especially if you like age play and incest calls, those so far are my favorite. ill talk to you all soon, kimberly   
current mood: hornycurrent music: gold digger
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


 

 


viewing most recent entries


 
 





























