








home page - uaw 2865












































































 
















about

about uaw 2865
leadership
bylaws
uc-uaw code of conduct
faq
uc-uaw union made sticker


our contract

ase contract
sr contract
contract highlights
salary scales
know your rights

international workers’ rights
late or unpaid wages (sb 698) faq


workplace issues/grievances


updates

ase bargaining updates


calendar
contact












join your union



 










uaw 2865
educate
agitate
organize












uaw 2865 is the union that represents all 36,000+ academic student employees—teaching assistants, graduate student researchers, graduate student instructors, tutors, and readers—across the university of california system. together, we collectively bargain for better working conditions and work together for a workplace free from racism, sexism, and all forms of oppression.

join your union

for information about our 2022 contract campaign and strike, visit fairucnow.org.







by the numbers





11
campuses represented



36,000+
tas, gsrs, gsis, readers and tutors represented



⇧151%
base wage increase since 1999









as our power as a union has grown, our raises have increased exponentially.

click here for information about new salary scales











updates







april monthly executive board meeting

the april monthly executive board meeting will be held tuesday, april 23 at 6pm over zoom. to attend the meeting, please send an email to organize@uaw2865.org. 
read more 








uaw 4811-uc joint statement on the right to a respectful work environment in berkeley law

the berkeley law school and the united auto workers (uaw) have a mutual goal of promoting the exercise of academic freedom by all members of the uc berkeley community. the law school and uaw are jointly committed to promoting and maintaining a work environment that is... 
read more 










victory! uc agrees to end gsr missclassification for decades, uc graduate student researchers (gsrs) have been appointed at arbitrary percentages in order to balance departmental budgets. this means that student researchers have lacked basic financial security from... 
read more 








april joint council meeting

the april joint council meeting will be held on saturday, april 6 in berkeley. all members are welcome to join. please reach out to organize@uaw2865.org if you would like to attend. 
read more 








march eboard meeting

the march monthly executive board meeting will take place tuesday, march 26 at 6pm. if you would like to attend, you may request a zoom link at organize@uaw2865.org. 
read more 







 








uaw 2865 privacy policy
 



know your rights
ase contract
sr contract
workplace issues/grievances
about uaw 2865
contact us
 






x




instagram


 






























