








bio health - health & tech

































skip to content




bio health
health & tech




     menu



home
contact
ftc disclaimer
privacy policy
terms of use
 









7 health principles for a happy long life
on september 4, 2018 by wpadmin in better health



how often do you hear people say, health is wealth? perhaps you heard it over a million times and still you find it hard to balance your life. while stressors cannot be entirely avoided, you have complete control of your thoughts and behaviors, which consequently determine your overall satisfaction in life. this site is all about keeping you healthy in all aspects – physical, mental, psychological, and social.
continue reading




how to have better health today
on september 4, 2018 by wpadmin in better health



while there are genes that might indicate longevity, there is none that can truly save you from illness. whether it is your common cold or a more serious condition, every single person will get sick at some point. however, how often and how bad the disease will be is up to you. with the right lifestyle choices, you can see yourself living long without having to visit the doctor often.
continue reading




what to do about periodontitis
on october 4, 2019 by wpadmin in dental health


although it might feel uncomfortable at first, flossing gives long-term benefits in terms of tooth and gum health.

 	gargle with an anti-bacterial mouthwash.

to make sure that no bacteria is left to create plaque in your teeth, gargle regularly with an anti-bacterial mouthwash. this periodontitis treatment at home is simple and very effective as it targets the root cause of gum disease.
continue reading




read this to find out about dental implants
on september 17, 2018 by wpadmin in dental health



losing a tooth can be the good news is that you don’t have to feel really bad about it since there are solutions just for such a situation. your best bet is to go for a dental implant. don’t know what dental implants are? this article should help you learn more about these dental devices.
what’s a dental implant?
continue reading









search for:



   search




recent posts


what to do about periodontitis


read this to find out about dental implants


7 health principles for a happy long life


how to have better health today


categories

better health

dental health


 

 








			wordpress theme: chronus by themezee.		











