






allchoice insurance | for your health, life & retirement
















































request a no-cost consultation

toll-free: (800) 889-2659










home
about
insurance products

medicare
health insurance
travel medical
life insurance
employee benefits
personal insurance
commercial insurance


resources

auto and home resources
medicare resources
commercial insurance


contact












 














your one-stopshop for insurance!
medicare | health | life | p&c
talk with us shop online








helping educate youon your medicare options

request a consultation











our services
we are an insurance agent offering a wide range of policies so you get the best value. contact us today and start saving money.








medicare
before choosing a plan we want to be sure you know the difference between your many option
learn more






employee benefits
our staff of experienced professionals can develop benefits programs that make sense for business.
learn more








health insurance
we’d be happy to evaluate your current coverage and present you with side-by-side comparisons.
learn more






personal insurance
we provide our customers with protection for their homes, automobiles and personal possessions.
learn more








life insurance
protect what matters most! life insurance may be one of the most important purchases you’ll ever make.
learn more






commercial insurance
whatever your commercial insurance needs, we can design a protection program that’s right for you.
learn more







your one-stop shop since 1996!

allchoice insurance is a full-service independent insurance agency. we work with the major insurance companies so we can offer our clients appropriate coverage for them. our clients are located all across michigan and many other states, giving us a great feel for the insurance landscape. we design plans with a focus on low costs, and your budget, which we combine with personalized insurance advice aimed at helping our clients make better-informed decisions.







testimonials





leave a reviewsee all reviews








 i can't express enough how helpful and easy my experience was with allchoice insurance. jodie brown is my go to and i would recommend to anyone at any age looking for affordable insurance! i've recommended her to a few friends and family members looking and they've all came back expressing how hassle free and amazing jodie made the experience! she is always willing to answer any and all questions and concerns very quickly. i highly recommend allchoice to anyone looking - you won't regret it!brooke








 i can't express enough how helpful and easy my experience was with allchoice insurance. jodie brown is my go to and i would recommend to anyone at any age looking for affordable insurance! i've recommended her to a few friends and family members looking and they've all came back expressing how hassle free and amazing jodie made the experience! she is always willing to answer any and all questions and concerns very quickly. i highly recommend allchoice to anyone looking - you won't regret it!brooke
















allchoice insurance



owner vicki ferguson 1050 wilshire dr. suite 280 troy, mi 48084

(248) 362-4050

https://nbplans.com/







allchoice insurance



louis isabell 28003 center oaks ct #103 wixom, mi 48393

toll free: 800-889-2659

248-349-5370

248-348-4492









 











request a no-cost review



schedule a consultation







powered by





quick links



phome

pabout

pinsurance products

presources

pcontacts





get in touch
allchoice insurance agency, incdiv. of national benefit plans
28003 center oaks ct #103wixom, mi 48393
toll free: 800-889-2659
248-349-5370
248-348-4492





© allchoice insurance 2025 | all rights reserved.

we do not offer every plan available in your area. currently, we represent 8 organizations which offer 75 products in your area. please contact medicare.gov, 1-800-medicare, or your local state health insurance assistance program (ship) to get information on all of your options. this is a proprietary website and is not associated, endorsed or authorized by the social security administration, the department of health and human services or the center for medicare and medicaid services. this site contains decision-support content and information about medicare, services related to medicare and services for people with medicare. if you would like to find more information about the medicare program please visit the official u.s. government site for people with medicare located at http://www.medicare.gov



 


























