





western trailer & marine - located in havre, mt - offering new & used fifth wheels, travel trailers, boats, service, parts, and financing



























































map & hours






(406) 265-4572












toggle navigation
 
 
 




home

inventory

showroom
all inventory
new inventory
pre-owned inventory
about palomino/forest river inc
why a crestliner deep-v
why a crestliner mod-v
duke's truck accessories
specials
canadian customers





financing

finance
finance app



about us & our local area

about us
places of interest

employment
parts department
parts request
service department
service requests
contact us



contact

contact us

get a quote
value your trade
schedule a demo



read testimonials
submit a testimonial







western trailer & marine

1865 hwy 2 east
 havre, mt 59501
us

phone: 1-800-216-4572
email: sales@westerntrailersales.com

fax:
			406-265-7527













new inventory








used inventory








marine inventory









shop our brands



































welcome to western trailer & marine sales
thank you for visiting western trailer & marine sales, where value and customer satisfaction really matters! we are a full service family owned montana rv dealership.
for 62 years we have been a trusted source for quality fifth wheels, travel trailers, boats, parts, accessories and service.
we carry a fine selection of the industries most trusted brands: forest river, inc., a berkshire hathaway company
puma, puma xle, surveyor, crusader, gulfstream and columbus rv's, crestliner boats
forest river inc. palomino division wins 2013 quality circle award. rvda bestows this award to rv manufacturers that achieve the highest rating in the association’s dealer satisfaction index (dsi) survey. the dsi measures dealers’ overall satisfaction with manufacturers with whom they do business.
our industry trained and rvda certified staff is available to help you find the product that is right for you at the most competitive price.  whether it’s a new or used trailer, part or accessory or you are in need of repairs, let us know how we can help.
thanks for visiting and enjoy your stay!

learn more







testimonials




so very helpful and very reasonably priced! everything done with a handshake! the old fashioned way!"
denise bury


"we just bought our first fifth wheel can't wait to go camping"
dennis henke


"i am really appreciating the new airbags! handles the trailer great and no more getting flashed at night.
thanks again"
justin boyce


"you guys are so awesome!!! a shining example of what customer service should be.

thank you so much for all your help! if i decide to buy another rv, i will make it a point to make the drive from lake stevens wa to montana, just to buy from you guys!!! thanks again. respectfully, val lowes"
val lowes, lake stevens, wa


"this company is superior amongst the rest! they aren't out there to sell you a camper and make money like most dealerships. they truly care about your interests and needs and will help you any way they can. the customer service is out standing, the orientation and instructions were easy to understand and helpful on the camper i purchased. i honestly couldnt be more satisfied"
erin maracle, cut bank, montana





previous



next


















(406) 265-4572
1865 hwy 2 east, havre, mt 59501

map & hours





quick links

inventory
financing
about us
contact










opens in new window



policy |
				privacy |
				terms |
				site map


copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
|
all rights reserved

















