










captain johnny's dolphin tours | outer banks cruises


























































tours & groups
gallery
gift cards
coupons
book now
 


select page


  
 
 















family-friendly fun for all ages!

 dolphins guaranteed!

book now







outer banks cruises
morning dolphin watch – 8:30 a.m. and 10:30 a.m.afternoon dolphin watch – 1:30 p.m. and 3:30 p.m.sunset dolphin watch – departs about 2 hours before sunset. please call for times!

view our tours & groups



when
from may – october, tours depart several times a day monday thru friday (and saturday by appointment or charter). tickets sold in advance by phone with a credit card to guarantee. please call for our current schedule. times are subject to change with the season.
we are closed saturday & sunday.

book now



where
we are 10 minutes from nags head beaches. follow road signs to manteo. turn on budleigh st. (next light after ace hardware and pizza hut- tread quarters is on the corner) and go to end. the boat and floating ticket office are located behind the parking lot at the end of budleigh st. at 400 queen elizabeth avenue, manteo. our mailing address is p.o. box 111, manteo, nc 27954.
tickets are sold monday thru friday from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. in season.





tours may be added or deleted as needed.
call or see the online booking for times (tour times can be checked without booking).









captain johnny’s dolphin tours
now in our 30th season!

join captain jamie wescott aboard the captain johnny boat for a guaranteed dolphin watch cruise in protected waters off the outer banks, nc. this two-hour cruise is ideal for all ages. enjoy breathtaking views as you listen to a factual narration on the bottlenose dolphin, a type of dolphin found along the atlantic coast. dolphin mating and birthing can be observed on many cruises.

book now







captain & boat








jamie wescott, dolphin tours captain
captain jamie wescott, an 11th generation outer banks native, grew up two blocks from where the tours depart. after following my dream of fishing for a living for over 25 years , i purchased the dolphin tour business to keep my family’s dream going to enjoy and share our beautiful “home”, the waters around roanoke island, while viewing and learning about the dolphins.
historians report that the wescott family shipwrecked on the outer banks sometime in the late 1700s. if you are looking for a nice relaxing trip from a captain/tour guide with rich local heritage and great knowledge of the area’s history and cultural beginnings then you most definitely want to check out captain johnny dolphin tours.








the captain johnny
the captain johnny is 55 ft. long, 14 ft. wide, coast guard certified and seats 49 passengers.



view our tours & groups







frequently asked questions
captain johnny’s dolphin watch is committed to providing a safe, comfortable, and enjoyable experience during your dolphin tour. if you have any other questions please feel free to e-mail or give us a call us at 252-473-1475 and we will be happy to answer them for you.










what time do your dolphin watch tour tours depart?
during the summer time, we depart monday thru friday at 10 a.m., 1 p.m. and around 6 p.m. for the sunset tour. spring and fall depends on several factors, call the week you are here for the current schedule. a private charter will displace a slot time if no reservations are already made for that time.

do need to make a tour reservation in advance?
we do not absolutely require advance reservations. we prefer to take reservations no more than a week out, it reduces no-shows. 90% of the time two or three days advance is enough. we run three tours a day and will add a forth if all three sell out early or a charter takes a spot. we do not require a minimum ticket sales for a tour. if we take your reservation we will accommodate you.

is there a minimum age for children on your tour?
there is no minimum age for children, we routinely have infants on tours, however, we are limited as to the number of seats that are available so every person counts against that number.

what is your cancellation policy?
if you cancel: our policy is pretty straightforward…we simply ask that you cancel at least 72 hours in advance…we don’t need a note from mom or dad or anyone for that matter. we simply want enough time to offer the seats to someone else. you will not be charged any fees, and you get a full refund (charters have different rules). if we cancel: weather, earthquakes etc., there is no charge and you get a 100% refund or we will try and reschedule you as best we can, subject to availability.

what should we bring/wear?
i like to tell folks to dress for the beach and be comfortable. flip flops are fine, as are shorts, tees, or whatever suits you. dress for the weather. in the fall a sweatshirt feels good.

what is the best time of day to take a dolphin tour?
most days, it makes little difference. we see dolphin throughout the day, and it revolves around what other activities folks have planned, and how far away their next activity is. hardcore photographers prefer the early and late tours. again, we have a shade top on the boat.

what happens if it rains?
well, this depends on the rain. if it’s a little sprinkle and no one is going to melt, then we will continue the tour. downpours and/or thunderstorms are a no-go. we will cancel. (see cancellation policy above).

are there restrooms on the tours?
yes! it is not the ritz but it is large enough for a parent and child (most boat restrooms are barely big enough for one person.

how many people does the capt. johnny hold?
we could carry 70 but limit it to 49 passengers.

can we bring food or snacks?
no bananas. no alcohol. we sell soft drinks, crackers and snickers candy bars. any special dietary needs are welcome.

is the tour safe for pregnant women?
yes.

where do we check in for our tour?
400 queen elizabeth avenue is the parking lot located on the waterfront at the intersection of budleigh and queen elizabeth in manteo. our ticket office is floating on the water behind the parking lot. parking is public, with plenty of spaces over the bridge to festival park and the elizabeth ii.

can i get a private dolphin watch or sunset tour?
absolutely! see the web link for charter prices. charters are allowed to bring food and drink including moderate alcohol as desired.

what is a charter? how many are required for a charter?
charter means you rent the whole boat. if you charter the boat you may bring 1 to 49 people. a charter may bring food and alcohol. like to charter a bus or airplane, you do not have strangers on the boat with you.








reviews





 












captain johnny also books a shrimping-crabbing cruise which is offered by
risky business shrimping & crabbing charters and departs from shallowbag bay marina.
feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns, but please be patient! we don’t check our email every day, but will get back to you as soon as we can!

learn more











family-friendly fun for all ages!
dolphins guaranteed!

book now






address
400 queen elizabeth avenue
p.o. box 111
manteo, nc






email
email us






office phone
(252) 473-1475













copyright © 2025 outer banks cruises. all rights reserved.



website by outer banks this week



 





















