



dairy law attorneys | domina law group pc llo


























































































dairy issues

acidosis

bvd

improper nutrition

mastitis

stray voltage

articles













dairy law attorneys
choose domina law group

dairy farmers must have good genetics, good cow health, good, pure feed, and fair markets. they cannot handle impure or adulterated feed, unchecked disease, or poor nutrition. when they hit, legal problems become important at make or break levels. domina law group handled the nation's biggest certified class action lawsuit against a packer. we won a $1.2 billion verdict. and the court took it away. but, we made our point.  here are some dairy cases we ran through the judicial parlor called the courtroom:

milking machine defects
feed impurities
communicable diseases 
bvd
johne's
staph aureas, mastitis

genetics problems
acidosis
improper nutrition
stray voltage
bankruptcy


a prosperous dairy can quickly turn into a financially draining issue for a dairy farmer who faces production loss, financial loss and overall operating loss. our lawyers try cases against individuals and corporations responsible for your production loss and subsequent financial hardship.
since 1975, domina law group has represented dairy farmers and producers from new england to california and sought just compensation for losses. we try cases on behalf of struggling individuals. we represent dairy farmers when hazardous stray voltage and / or bad feed caused cattle illness, fatality and overall loss. we take an aggressive approach in court designed to meet the specific needs of each client. we approach each case diagnostically - with fresh eyes and fresh ideas.

a philosophy designed for you
domina law group is selective on representation. we choose our cases carefully. we are purposeful and intentional about the cases we take. where other firms flinch, domina law group rises to the challenge. we deliver compelling cases in court. this is critical to our practice. few attorneys practice dairy law and even fewer fully understand it, but domina law group does.
since we ran into cattlemen from kansas, montana and idaho holding hot checks for cattle shipped away, nearly 40 years ago, we have stared down dozens of people who tried to take our cattle clients. we usually win. not always of course. but, we put up a tenacious, but smart, fight! we do not turn away cases because they are complicated. we thrive on them.

can we help?
we like to help people in agriculture industry. we come from agriculture here. its importance does not get lip service from us. it gets our attention. dave domina grew up milking cows. one of our goals is to make a complex legal system work for producers. (and, we especially like evening things up against bullies.) domina law group's philosophy is different. we think differently; we work differently; represent differently; and we make a difference this way. we do this with professionalism, integrity, and hard work. we make the merits work for you, by keeping out from under the wheels of some big or crooked outfit that wants to hurt you.

professional leverage for your case
you won't be our first client! we have been around. since we started, our lawyers… never a big group but always a strong one… have tried more than 450 cases to verdict and appealed more than 250 cases in state and federal courts throughout the nation.
domina law group is responsible for two constitutional impeachments and nine homicide defenses, including capital murder acquittals. our cattle cases range from bank failures related to cattle fraud scams, to the nation's largest fed cattle fraud ponzi scheme, to feed induced herd decimations, and lien priority disputes. we have arranged credit bailouts, loan workouts, and bankruptcy management for producers struck by market, disease or fraud problems. we can handle your ag problem. we know the language. and, we have traveled the road before.































message





































nationwide dairy law attorney

contact us


site map

privacy policy













domina law group pc llo

		- dairy attorney

		located at 
2425 south 144th street
omaha, 
			ne
68144
. 
		view map

		phone: (888) 387-4134 
		| local phone: (402) 493-4100. 
		
		website: /

















 the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
© 2025 all rights reserved.



















