 


charter fishing trips to dry tortugas in key west, florida





 








































home










our boat










general info










fishing info










fishing pictures










fishing calendar










booking calendar










rates and booking










message board










contact us


















 




 
 interestingiiiiiii2 spots available for nov. 2





				 

imagine a fishing destination where on a single trip you can catch an extraordinary variety of world class game fish.  you are about to discover the ultimate in salt water fishing adventure!  there is only one way to experience the awsome fishing around the dry tortugas and that is aboard two fish charters.  our highly experienced captains intimately know the area and how to find the trophy fish.  we are the busiest charter fishing operation in the dry tortugas for a good reason! 
located about 75 miles west of key west, florida, the dry tortugas and marquesas keys area consistently treats anglers with an awesome sport fishing.  the area is is surrounded by pristine coral reefs and is teeming with trophy salt water game species that rival any fishing destination in the world.
where else can you experience drag ripping, knee buckling strike from a 50 lb.+ black grouper or a hefty mutton snapper?  how about spectacular jumps of a big bull dolphin, a sailfish, or a drag screaming, blistering run of a wahoo?  yes, all this action and more can be experienced aboard two fish charters on a single trip!
our 50' custom built sport fishing catamaran provides a fast, roomy, clean and comfortable fishing platform.  the live aboard accommodations will keep you close to all the best fishing areas for non stop, around the clock fishing action.




 


       dry tortugas and marquesas keys are small, remote islands located 25-70 miles west of key west, florida.  the dry tortugas islands and surrounding waters are a national park.  the garden key at the dry tortugas houses a pre civil war era fort, part of which now doubles as a park ranger station.  the fort was one of the largest man made structures built at the time.  both island chains are surrounded by shallow and deep water reefs, wrecks, and are a true anglers paradise.  because of the distance of the area from key west, these reefs receive very little fishing pressure.   a typical trip might include red, black, gag, yellow edge, yellow mouth, scamp and strawberry grouper.  also, snappers abound.  yellowtail, red, mutton, silk, mangrove, dog, and cubera snapper are a common catch.  of course king mackarel, cobia, porgies, and deep water species like snowy grouper and golden tile fish are also available. tuna, wahoo, dolphin, sailfish and other pelagic can be caught trolling, or occasionally while anchored. depending on weather, season, and client preference, we do reef,
				wreck, deep ledge and deep drop fishing.  another option is offshore trolling.  




 



watch more videos
				featuring two fish charters:
whale shark video
				bull shark video
				amber jack video 1
				amber jack video 2
				dolphin video
 











please visit and subscribe to our you tube channel.   view great videos from two fish charters and friends.  more fishing videos will be added soon.
 
wind forecast for pulaski shoal light provided by windfinder.com 
				 






free hit counter  

© copyright 2005-2023  two fish charters inc.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   


















