






associated producers ltd. – award winning filmmaking























































































skip to content



 



associated producers ltd.
award winning filmmaking








    menu	
people
productions  

documentaries  

a child’s grief
atlantis rising
beasts of the bible
charging the rhino
falasha
hollywoodism
last days of jesus
lost tomb of jesus
quest for the lost tribes
selling of innocents
sex slaves
tales from the organ trade
the exodus decoded
the good nazi
the struma
the resurrection tomb


docuseries  

biblical conspiracies
biblical forensics
living in the time of jesus
secrets of christianity
the naked archaeologist




awards
contact us
store

  scroll down to content














recent films




 



the good nazi53 minutes • documentary • produced in association with: visiontv• production year: 2017 





 


 



the last days of jesus115 minutes & 2 x 47 minutes • documentary • produced in association with: blink films, visiontv, pbs rights, channel 5, sbs australia and pbs • production year: 2017 





 


 



atlantis rising94 minutes • documentary • produced in association with: national geographic channel & discovery canada • production year: 2016 





 



news









 

enslaved nominated for 7 canadian screen awards!
enslaved: the lost history of the transatlantic slave trade has just been nominated for 7 awards fro ...




 

enslaved to have its canadian premiere this sunday, october 18, 2020 on cbc!
the six-part docuseries enslaved,  led by icon and activist samuel l. jackson, will premiere on cbc  ...




 

samuel l. jackson docuseries ‘enslaved’ to have world broadcast premiere on sept 14. on epix
the six-part docuseries enslaved: the lost history of the transatlantic slave trade will have itr ...




 

new atlantis film gets its canadian premiere!
was the lost city of “atlantis” a real place? and if it was, can its ruins be found today?




 

“last days of jesus” to air on pbs
for almost two millennia, the events of the passion of christ as chronicled in the gospels, have bee ...




 

“sex slaves” wins an emmy award for outstanding investigative journalism
toronto based film production company associated producers has just won an emmy award from the natio ...























search for:


  search

 

 


facebook  
twitter  
store  
 

privacy policy 
		proudly powered by wordpress	








						select your currency                    

cad
canadian dollar


usd
united states (us) dollar




our store is now closed for the holidays.  it will reopen at the end of january.  any orders placed in that time will be fulfilled then.
thank you,
management
× 


















































































































































































































