














welcome to bike the west | cycling events ca nv













































































home
about us

about us
meet the ride director


our events

america’s most beautiful
tour de tahoe
oatbran


tahoe info

places to stay
tahoe weather


ride info

important rules of the road
equipment policy
our sponsors


faqs
 















register to ride











america's most beautiful bike ride
sunday june 4,  2023
now an lls event 
							 



tour de tahoe
new date tbd
 
							now an lls event 
							 



oatbran
september 24 – 30, 2023

 
							learn more 
							 

















 
bike the west has been producing quality cycling events since 1984 in around the lake tahoe area northern california and in the state of nevada. bike the west event director, curtis fong. organized the death ride from 1984 to 1995; the comstock silver century premiered in 1989 followed by america’s most beautiful bike ride and  oatbran  in 1991. our other popular events include tour de tahoe which is an early fall bike ride around lake tahoe. all bike the west bicycling events are fully supported with welcome / goodie bags, event t-shirts, event water bottles and other premium items, rest stops with food & beverage including lunch and after ride meal, medical first aid, tech support and sag transport services. bike the west is also involved in supporting other cycling events in and around northern california and nevada… dear riders
after 40 years of producing premiere cycling events with 30+ years dedicated to america’s mostbeautiful bike ride, your event director curtis fong is finally attempting to retire… or, at least semi-retire… the past 3 years have been a challenge, both physically, mentally and financially to produceour events, due to covid and wildfires beyond anyone’s control… rather than closing our doors andshutting down our lake tahoe rides… bike the west is thrilled to announce that ownership and eventproduction of america’s most beautiful bike ride has been officially transferred to the leukemia &lymphoma society (lls). i couldn’t wish for a better partner to take over america’s most beautiful bike ride!  over nearlythree decades of partnership, bike the west and lls have been riding together toward a commongoal—a world without cancer. lls team in training (tnt) has trained nearly 27,000 riders toparticipate in america’s most beautiful bike ride and has raised over $110 million and we want tocontinue to support the success of lls tnt into the future.
 
we are glad to know that america’s most beautiful bike ride will remain not only a premier cyclingevent, but also an effort to help fund essential, groundbreaking blood cancer treatments and care.  bike the west and lls will be working closely together to produce the same great experience thisyear and in the future for our dedicated riders. we are proud to take this next step together tosupport the blood cancer community. lls’s focus on putting blood cancer patients and their lovedones first, from funding innovative medicine to offering personalized support and financialassistance, will continue to give every rider something to pedal for. we encourage you to join lls’steam in training program, but you can also participate individually as in years past…thank you foryour ongoing support, and we look forward to riding with you this june and in the future!  bike the west has also officially transferred ownership and event production to lls to produce tourde tahoe – bike big blue… our september ride, but one step at a time… tour de tahoe will be on holdin 2023. so, america’s most beautiful bike ride will be the only fully supported ride around laketahoe offered in 2023 and we encourage you to register today as this event traditionally sells outyear after year… register here for 2023 america's most beautiful72milesto ride around the lake, with a 100 mile option
29yearsproducing fully supported bike rides
106millionraised for cancer research through our partnership with lls
1spotwaiting for you....or bring some friends.















contact us bike the west
p.o. box 5123
stateline, nv 89449
1-800-565-2704
contact us

stay up to date  like us on facebook





our ridesamerica’s most beautiful
tour de tahoe
oatbran
sign up
















please sign up for our mailing list

email


 

















							2021 bike the west						






register to ride



























