


home - alfa romeo association of northern california





























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember login













menuhome mission statementmembership renew your membership new member signup membership directory thank you for renewing archived virtual meetings event calendar store association archive photos ara_chat & classifieds faq contact usabout mission statement board of directors









welcome to the alfa romeo association






we are all about alfa romeo and california. the alfa romeo association (ara) was founded in 1958 by a small group of alfa enthusiasts who loved their cars and drove them daily. though times have changed and many of those everyday cars are now sought-after collectibles, ara members are still enjoying their alfas on a daily basis.

if you own, are curious about, or simply enjoy alfa romeos, there is no better group to join than the ara. our annual membership cost is a low $45, which includes eligibility for all club events, as well as electronic delivery of the monthly overheard cams newsletter. associate members are also welcomed, for an additional fee of $10 per year. to join, click on the membership button below. learn more...

please remember to log in to access all that your membership has to offer! [upper right-hand corner of the screen.] we look forward to seeing you on the road soon!



click here to become a new member!

click here to renew membership







click on the overheard cams cover below to download the latest ara online club magazine!

 












club events






upcoming events
upcoming events
























meetings









meetings are generally held on the first tuesday of every month (except december and january and/or as stated otherwise) at 8:00 pm. come earlier if you want to show your alfa and have dinner before the meeting! 







north bay
feb 4th, may 6th, aug 5th, nov 4th



aurora ristorante italiano novato
8 commercial blvd, suite a 
novato, ca 94949








east bay
mar 4th, jun 3rd, sep 9th



north beach pizza
2420 shattuck ave. 
berkeley, ca 94704











south bay
jan 11th (annual meeting), apr 1st, jul 12th (pizza social), oct 7th



giovanni's new york pizzeria
1127 n lawrence expressway, 
sunnyvale, ca 94089













members







welcome members
new members










welcome members
renewing members


















the alfa romeo association observes local health department guidelines in every jurisdiction in which our events and gatherings are hosted. for more information or questions, please get in touch with any of the board members listed on the contact us page or the event contact.












home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









