






nc aaom – acupuncture and asian/oriental medicine













































 




home
acupuncture

benefits
effectiveness
applicators
popularity of acupuncture


knowledge

education
profession


recommendations

supporting hospitals


about us
contact us









acupuncture is an age old method that aims to cure a person’s physical symptoms






acupuncture is a healing technique that was first discovered by the chinese at least two thousand years ago. we want to develop a community of knowledgeable people who can take this work forward and inspire others to take an interest, learn the art itself

hall of fame - 2022 streamings

asmr fantasyasmr fantasy is the newest technique of providing pleasure and it originated on twitch.tv, where 100s of people are using various sounds and voices to keep viewers tickled. watch how adult time taken this idea one step further into the adult entertainment world.

mom wants to breedmom wants to breed is shocking fantasy series about mature ladies hitting their certain age point right now all they think about is reproducing and breeding is their main agenda. watch them hunt for young stepboys in order to collect their precious juices.

daddys boydaddys boy is all about having that special bond with stepdad. watch boys becoming men thanks to care of the old folks. and we are talking about some deep, intimate and carnal care. this adult time's exclusive is setting new standard in gay entertainment niche. see it now!

haze himhaze him is the real deal! unscripted, totally amateur user-submitted footage of dorm parties going to wrong way. watch hazing rituals in some of the american dorms and how gay the procedure can really go. it's just a matter of daring, some booze and just having a blast!

lez be badlez be bad invites you to explore the true world of misbehaving girls. adult time's newest addition to their network features only the finest fantasies involving girls who want it rough. and they sure get it!






what is acupuncture?

studies and statistical data clearly indicate the rise in people’s expanding acceptance in acupuncture for a variety of different reasons such as for medicinal treatments.


							popularity of acupuncture


acupuncture is one of the oldest treatments that can be found in history, it is an ancient chinese technique that is being practiced in the world for over 2500 years.


							acupuncture and alternative medicine







read our blog posts!can acupuncture replace mainstream medicine?april 6, 2019medical science has evolved over many years, and it is safe to say that people who lived 2000 years ago did not have access to the technologies and techniques that we have today. however, this does not mean that they did not have any means to treat their illness. nowadays, such techniques are referred to as complementary and alternative medicine and one of the most popular one among them is acupuncture.
acupuncture is an ancient chinese technique that aims to cure certain illnesses such as back pain by inserting needles into specific points on the person’s skin.
in the united states, acupuncture and other alternative medicine are getting a lot of attention and there are many hospitals in the country that are offering acupuncture therapy.
however, the question that arises is that can acupuncture replace mainstream medicine? well, the answer to that is now and it is mainly because too much time and money have already been invested in developing modern medicine and no one will be willing to quit on it. as evidence and practices suggest, acupuncture is becoming popular among the masses. this means that although acupuncture might not be able to replace modern medicine, it might be able to become a recognized part of it if the right efforts are made.
the difference
there is a lot of difference between conventional medicine and alternative medicine. conventional medicine relies heavily on scientific knowledge, it uses treatments that have been proven through research.
complementary and alternative medicine, on the other hand, is based on beliefs like spirit, mind, and body.
conclusion
even if acupuncture is able to replace mainstream medicine, it is something that is very far away. in the near future, it is almost impossible that it can replace it. however, with the popularity that it is gaining and the number of people opting for it increasing, acupuncture might become a part of mainstream medicine. [...]

read more...low back pain relief: american college of physicians recommend acupuncturemarch 6, 2019low back pain is perhaps up there in the list of most common reasons why the average american pays the physician a visit. it is a problem that is very irritating and tends to hinder our daily performance at work. not only that, but it can also limit the extent of our recreation as well because the pain gets worse at specific positions. anyhow, treatments so far had involved drug therapies mostly and there was hardly any other alternative that was being used.
acupuncture for low back pain relief
recently, the american college of physicians (acp) has released a study in one of the most well-known medical journals called annals of internal medicine. before moving on, this study is, therefore, presented by one of the most prestigious bodies in the country and in one of the most reputable journals which is abundant evidence of its authenticity and validity.
the acp has recommended the use of non-drug therapies in the treatment low back pain. this recommendation came in as part of a broad evidence-based clinical practice guideline. they go on to say that subacute and acute low back pains should be taken care of without the involvement and administration of any drugs and that treatments such as acupuncture, massage, and spinal manipulation should be employed instead in efforts to cure the patient of this problem.
modern-day physicians strongly believe that using drugs for the treatment of low back pain is a waste of time and resources. they firmly believe that acupuncture among other non-drug therapies is the safer and healthier option in this regard.
why not drugs and pills for low back pain?
evidence has shown that the common drugs used for this purpose are not effective in the treatment of the problem. the effects of the placebo and the actual drug were not so different which thus showed that the problem can be dealt with without drugs.
the president of the acp has said that doctors should refrain from prescribing drugs to low back pain patients and also not to burden them with unnecessary expensive tests.
these measures are however specific for patients with acute pain, that is pain that lasts less than four months or subacute pain, that is pain that lasts for four to twelve months.
as for patients with chronic conditions, the acp recommends that they use non-drug therapies as much as possible and keep away from conventional methods of treatment unless extremely necessary specifically because there is no evidence to suggest that it fared better than the non-drug therapies in any of the cases.
can acupuncture heal low back pain?
acupuncture is very much recommended in this study for the management of pain and the treatment of the condition. the idea is that low back pain is something that heals itself with time thus it is wiser to keep away from drugs and their harms and replace them with safer non-drug therapies such as acupuncture that is known to work and exhibit promising results. [...]

read more...how effective is acupuncture?february 6, 2019there are many skills and practices that people have been doing for many centuries, however, it is still difficult to find whether these methods are even effective or not. same is the case with acupuncture, if you are new to all of this then you might think of acupuncture as a way of torture. you might ask yourself that whether inserting needles in your skin hurts and does it even make you feel better.
before we get deep into the discussion, the first thing that you need to know is that acupuncture does not hurt. it is not at all a painful procedure and it is being practiced for over 2500 years.
what is acupuncture?
to understand the effectiveness of acupuncture, you first need to have a clear idea about what acupuncture is in the first place. it is an ancient chinese technique that looks to treat a number of conditions by triggering some points on the skin with the help of needles. when the needles are inserted into the skin it stimulates certain areas of the skin to influence organs, gland and other functions of the body. each needle that is inserted into the skin does cause a tiny injury, but it is so minute that you will not even notice it. new products and applicators are also being introduced to make acupuncture a bit easier.
the effectiveness of acupuncture has been questioned by many people out there. but believe it or not, there are a lot of people who had their illnesses cured with the help of acupuncture. you can argue all you want about whether this is a placebo effect or actual medicine, but at the end of the day, it does work. you can opt for acupuncture for many reasons as it is known to be helpful for a number of conditions, some of those conditions are

migraines
insomnia
allergies
hypertension
sprains
osteoarthritis

some benefits
there are a number of benefits of getting acupuncture therapy because it doesn’t matter for what reason you are getting acupuncture. if you are getting this treatment then it will probably address all of the issues that you are having. if you are experiencing back pain, joint pain or pressure in your eyes, then acupuncture can fix that problem for you. you will feel the difference a couple of hours after you walk out of that room and you will be thankful that you opted for it. people have even used acupuncture to reduce their cigarette cravings when they are trying to quit smoking.
conclusion
acupuncture is a reality, you may think that it is primitive art that is being forgotten but you cannot be more wrong. acupuncture is being practiced worldwide, there are many well-known hospitals in the united states alone that offer acupuncture therapy. becoming an acupuncturist in the united states is no joke, it is a four-year degree and you have to take a few other exams to get your license. if you are still unsure about acupuncture, then the only way that you can make things clear is by trying it yourself. [...]

read more...lyapko introduces unique acupuncture applicators to us marketjanuary 6, 2019acupuncture has become one of the most sought after remedy in the united states.
people are now opting for acupuncture and the main reason for this is that it is less invasive than conventional methods. however, there are many people out there who are afraid of trying acupuncture because they think that it hurts.
acupuncture revolves around the idea of inserting a few needles inside a person’s skin and it is only natural to be afraid of it. but what if there was another way to enjoy the benefits of acupuncture because now there is. lyapko is a company that has introduced lots of different kinds of acupuncture applicators in the us market. these products are getting a lot of popularity and if the trend continues then it might become a revolutionary product. to become a licensed acupuncturist you need to work very hard, but this product might change all that.
the applicator
the lyapko applicators are available in many different varieties including rollers, plates, and belts. the needles of the applicator are very tiny and are made of different kinds of metals like nickel, iron, copper, and zinc. the applicator is able to get high therapeutic efficiency by two different methods, one is by galvanic currents that are produced between the skin and edges of the needles. the other is reflex and mechanical stimulation.
reflex and mechanical stimulation
the reflex and mechanical stimulation are similar to what tradition acupuncture does. the applicator is lined with a lot of needles and when they are inserted inside the skin they activate the active points of the skin and micro massage the skin. the effect that the needle has on the receptors are divided into three main parts, general, segmental and local reaction.
galvanic stimulation
the human body is full of electrolytes that contain both positive and negative ions. the intensity of these electric stimulations are regulated by the body itself and it depends on the amount of electrolyte that is contained in the particular area. inflamed areas on the skin have a lot of electrolytes in it and that is when you use the applicator the intensity of the stimulation will be higher. but you don’t need to be afraid because that means it is working, you will probably sweat a lot during the process but after you are done the pain will be reduced significantly.
humoral effect
the last is the humoral effect that is produced as a result of microiontophoresis of metals. the needles are made of different metals like iron, silver, nickel, zinc, and copper and when they come in contact with the liquid inside the body they create the humoral effect.
conclusion
lyapko applicators are just the beginning and if these products keep on doing what they promise, it might change the future for acupuncture. acupuncture right now is done in the same way it was done almost 2500 years. although there have been some new introductions to the method, but it remains same for the most part. such applicators are the first step to modernize the art of acupuncture. with these applicators the process becomes much shorter and easier. [...]

read more...master’s degree in acupuncture: all you need to knowdecember 6, 2018there are a number of skills that you can learn to launch your professional career. however, if you ask someone about what he wants to do or become in life then he will give you a rather typical answer that revolves around a career in medicine, engineering or business.
there are very few people who will think about anything else as a career and there are even fewer people who will consider becoming an acupuncturist.
becoming an acupuncturist in the united states is not something that you can do in a couple of months. instead, if you wish to become a licensed acupuncturist in the us then you must earn a four year master’s degree, you will also have to pass the national board exams. chinese medicine is growing as a field at a very fast pace and there are more opportunities that are being created everyday. here you will learn about the main things that you need to know about master’s degree in acupuncture.
what you will learn?
every acupuncture institute will have different admission requirements and they might be teaching some things differently on some level. however, for the most part, the things that you will learn in class will remain the same. some of the main topics that will be covered during the program are mentioned below:

western medicine
acupuncture points
needle technique
ethics
practice management
nutrition
asian bodywork

the students will also have the chance to work in actual clinical settings where they will get the opportunity to get hands-on experience about everything that they have learned in class. there is no point in learning the theory in class if you are not doing anything practical and that is why there is a lot of focus on this aspect.
there are a number of courses that are offered by different institutions, however, we will not discuss all of the different institutions because then the discussion will get too lengthy. depending on the school you choose, the courses might be a little different. however, the main courses that most schools offer are mentioned below:

practice management
acupuncture techniques i and ii
internal medicine i and ii
channels and points i and ii
japanese acupuncture diagnostic methods
asian bodywork-amma/shiatsu/tui na
eastern and western nutrition
fundamental theory of oriental medicine
medical ethics

things you can do with an acupuncture degree
there are many people who believe that there is much that you can do with an acupuncture degree, however, this is not very true because the field of chinese medicine is growing at a very fast pace. if you get the acupuncture degree then you can do a lot of things to launch your professional career forward. for most people, the best option is to open their own acupuncture clinic. they want to become successful entrepreneurs and they feel that opening their own practice is a good start.
but what if you are someone who likes a normal job? what to do then? well, you can become an acupuncturist at a hospital. although there are only a few hospitals who have invested in acupuncture others are joining the race very fast. as acupuncture grows as a field many hospitals are hiring acupuncturist, may be you could be one of them.
you can also choose to work at an already established acupuncture practice and gain experience from there. these practices normally pay nicely and you also don’t need to worry about any kinds of overhead costs. there are many such establishments throughout the country, therefore finding a job might be simpler than you think.
conclusion
these were some things that you should know about the master’s degree in acupuncture and its benefits. contrary to popular belief, acupuncture is no longer a primitive art and field, instead, it is being given a lot of recognition in the world. professional acupuncturists are high in demand and if you have earned a four year degree then it might be possible for you to get a decent job. if you are interested in acupuncture then you should get the degree as there are a lot of benefits that you can avail. [...]

read more...acupuncture: how you can become a professional?november 6, 2018who knew that traditional chinese medicine would gain such popularity all of a sudden? well, the truth is that since its inception and introduction in the united states it has always been gaining attention. however, the rise in popularity of acupuncture has been very significant in the past five to ten years. it is estimated that around six percent of americans have at least tried acupuncture once in their lives so far and this number keeps increasing as the days go by.
this rise in its popularity is getting people interested in learning the art and practicing it as a full-time professional. since there are so many people looking for such professional acupuncture services, it has given birth to a whole new industry and opportunity for young aspiring individuals to earn a living practicing the art of acupuncture. so, at this point, you are probably wondering where you learn acupuncturing and what it takes to become a certified and properly trained acupuncturist. in the following paragraphs, we will guide you towards the steps that you will have to take in order become an acupuncturist.
what do acupuncturists do?
there are various different ways to administer acupuncture procedures. it varies depending on the equipment and also the nature of the problem that you intend to treat by it. in any case, an acupuncturist is supposed to diagnose their patients and understand the nature of the problem that they are facing. once they have a proper understanding into the issues of the patient and his underlying condition, the acupuncturist selects a specific location on the body to apply the acupuncture technique in order to relieve the patient of his ailment.
it is a highly professional procedure and requires accurate diagnosis on the part of the acupuncturist because a faulty analysis might lead him to apply the technique at a wrong position on the body. there are proper institutes and educational establishments which will teach you the finer details and applications of acupuncturing so that you can learn it in line with the best practices of the industry.
where do i start learning acupuncturing?
in the united states, the accreditation commission for acupuncture and oriental medicine (acaom) is responsible for the management and accreditation of educational institutes teaching acupuncture across the country.
as a student, you should look for an educational institute that is accredited by this body.
it is safe to study acupuncture at an institute that is accredited by it, and it will be recognized country-wide.
the acaom has the complete backing of the us department of education which recognizes it as an established authority in this discipline.
acupuncture is a field which is open to students and professionals from various backgrounds. anyone can apply and learn. however, students are required to first earn a bachelor’s degree or at least study for two years before. in brief, this field is not just limited to individuals with a background in medicine but is rather open to all.
what courses will you have to study?
the courses taught at acupuncture institutes cover various aspects of this profession. it helps shape up students for what is to come and enables them to learn the art at a very intricate level. this is clearly highlighted in the list of courses that students have to study in order to complete the program.
as a student, you will have to study courses like oriental herbal studies, biomedical clinical sciences, oriental medical theory, integrated acupuncture and a host of other diverse subjects. upon successfully passing all the courses you will earn a master’s degree at the end of the program which will allow you to start practice in almost every state in the us.
licensing and certification
lastly, you should bear in mind that there only six states across the us which do not require acupuncturists to obtain a license prior to practice. as for the rest of the country, you will have to clear the certification program offered by nccaom (national certification commission for acupuncture and oriental medicine). once you are licensed and certified by the mentioned body, you are free to start acupuncture practice in your state. please note that an acupuncturist certified in one state does not necessarily have the legal right to practice it in another state. [...]

read more...






sensual & healthy projects


girlcum videos - relaxing seriesgirl cum is totally new series done in 4k hd quality and featuring the very well-known names in adult industry. this time they are showing their orgasm skills and be assured this is something you simply have to watch. multiple, uncontrolled, shivering cums of beautiful girls!

							interested? watch videos


lilhumpers - youth in adultlilhumpers is a new project of reality king studio and it showcases the power of youth in the adult industry. young guys are entering the scene with ungrateful task - they need to tame their milf partners. women that are perfectly experienced already. can they achieve that?

							ready? visit lilhumpers


familyswap - xxx nubilesfamilyswap xxx is all about various family members swapping favors between each other. in this installment of nubiles we have 4 families, 4 members each mixing it up the the maximum. as confusing as it might sound the execution of the idea is pretty straight-forward! take a look.

							check out familyswapxxx


scout boys - boys at campscout boys is all about boys becoming men thanks to their scoutmasters. starting their manhood and masculinity adventure they develop inner cravings that are easily fulfilled in the brotherhood of other scouts.

							watch scout boys series


disruptivefilms - taboo movies for menwith disruptive films you are about to enter world of the finest taboo. real-life situations with a plot twist leading to unplanned intercourse between males. it can be shocking and socially unacceptable but it's intriguing and indulging that you can't stop watching!

							watch disruptive films


watch the finest baiting series online - bait bus. it's where straight guys become gay, even if it's for a few moments. their desperation is second to none and they ready to do whatever it takes for quick profit.

							watch bait bus







about nc aaom









we are a community of very enthusiastic people who have a special love for the oriental modes of medicine and healing. it has become evident that the scope of acupuncture as a treatment for various diseases is massive.

							about us


















copyright 2018. ncaaom. all rights reserved.













































