






bluebucs ticket blog












your source for free presale passwords, concert ticket information, entertainment & sports news.
tickets for all events nationwide available on our 
website: 
www.bluebucstickets.com.
need tickets?
we got em'
 



bluebucstickets.com
racingtickets4u.com
 ticketsnow 
stubhub.com
ebay







add our feed to:
enter your email to subscribe: powered by feedblitz
 my yahoo, newsgator, or my msn!



















subscribe to rss headline updates from: powered by...

flipaticket.com – new from the creators of bluebuc...

ticketmaster announces paciolan deal set to close ...

ford presents the ucp tour starring chris brown & ...

chinese spectacular tickets free presale passworda...

loretta lynn tickets free presale passwordall venu...

lenny kravitz tickets free presale passwordall ven...

steve harvey tickets free presale passwordall venu...

one night of queen tickets free presale passwordal...

the mars volta tickets free presale passwordall ve...

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2011
february 2011









click here to buy t-shirts!


ebay teacherkids r coolcasino gambling inforacing thunder































 

 
 
racingtickets4u.com 
 







 






need a seating chart?




 

this site built by mydailyad.com


sunday, february 20, 2011


 



subscribe to rss headline updates from: powered by feedburner         

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ sunday, february 20, 2011  
  



monday, january 24, 2011


 flipaticket.com – new from the creators of bluebucs.com



flipaticket.com today announced that it is leading the charge of brokers who have united and said, “enough is enough!”.  over the course of the last several years, brokers have witnessed drastic changes the ticket industry has undergone; so drastic, in fact, that it is difficult to fully grasp.


if you were told five years ago that ei would be purchased by ticketmaster, or that stubhub would be purchased by ebay, or that tn would morph into a gargantuan network of thousands of brokers, or that ticket technology would be bought by stubhub/ebay, or that livenation would buy every venue under the sun and ditch ticketmaster for their own ticketing service, only to merge with ticketmaster a few months later, would you have believed any of it?  who could have imagined that all of those things would take place in five short years?

perhaps a better question would be: how have these changes helped your business?  let’s see... fewer places to list your tickets.
 little to no access to other brokers to work trades.
fee after fee after fee after fee piled up on top of you.
policy changes, sometimes daily.
and what is the result of these changes that we have all witnessed? you, the broker, are left holding the short end of the stick, working harder to earn less.  your choice of places to buy, sell, and trade tickets has been boiled down to making a decision between the lesser of all that is evil.  that’s how you grow a business, right?  no, we didn’t think so either.

a number of months back, the folks behind bluebucs.com sat down and started working on ideas of how to counteract the absurdity that has transpired in our industry, and to help brokers regain control over their business and costs.  they poured over so many ideas and options that it is impossible to enumerate, but their brainstorming team always came back to two primary “must do” points: control costs for brokers and consumers.
 keep it simple and effective, a la google.
brokers need to be able to effectively communicate with one another, and consumers need to be able to do a simple search, find the tickets they want, and make a purchase.  neither the broker nor the consumer should be gouged with a litany of fees.  folks are tired of the nickel-and-dime games!
imagine, if you will..no more throwing away thousands (or tens of thousands) of dollars in fees each year.
no more ridiculous “rules” and policy changes each week that are impossible for anyone (including those imposing them) to keep up with.
no more bowing to your “master”, the ticket exchange.  they should work for you, not the other way around!

the solution is flipaticket.com, a brand new, back-to-basics site for brokers to buy and sell tickets, and retail outlet for consumer sales.

will flipaticket be the next stubhub, or ei, or tn?  absolutely not.  and we don’t want to be!  those guys define “ticket exchange”, and “ticket exchange” is the problem that flipaticket is designed to solve!  rather, the goal is to build a platform designed by, run by, and geared for ticket brokers.  a platform that offers you an affordable and effective alternative for listing, buying, and selling tickets.  a platform with a simple fee structure so that you don’t need to hire an irs agent to help you figure out how much revenue you just lost.

flipaticket.com will attract customers who are just as tired as you are of dealing with a “ticket exchange”.  customers that will appreciate never having to call the horrendous customer service line of a “ticket exchange”, because they can now contact you, the seller, directly.  the bottom line is, flipaticket.com will provide you with more opportunities for sales to customers who are *yours*, and both you and your customer will be paying less fees!

we are currently operating in a beta test, which will run until monday, february 28, 2011.  during the beta test period, all ticket brokers will be able to buy, sell, and trade tickets – free of charge, our way of saying “thank you!” for helping us work out any bugs and for providing feedback on features and future development ideas.  as a special added bonus, during the beta test period, registered brokers will have free limited access to our flagship website, bluebucs.com (the #1 source of presale and onsale information).
on tuesday, march 1, 2011, all beta test accounts will be disabled, and broker accounts will be available for a nominal fee.  a monthly subscription will be available for $39, or you can save 5% by choosing the annual subscription at a rate of just $444.  there will be no additional fees to buy, sell, and trade your tickets on flipaticket.com.

however, we are offering special discount pricing for those who choose to partner with us during the beta launch period.  we have allotted a limited number of flipaticket memberships at deeply discounted prices.  as of this posting, only 25 of these spots are available.  they are available only while they last, or until the beta test ends, whichever occurs first.  choose from one of the following:founding member lifetime membership – a one-time fee of $999.  never pay another penny to buy, sell, and trade your tickets on flipaticket.com.
charter membership – annual subscription rate of just $365.  yes, you read correctly.  just $1 a day to buy, sell, and trade your tickets on flipaticket.com, with no additional fees.

again, these are being offered on a first come, first served basis.  they are going fast, and will never again be offered.
can we compete on sheer volume of sales from day one?  no, we can’t.  but by partnering with flipaticket.com, we can all work together and slowly but surely take back our industry, one-by-one as brokers decide for themselves: “enough is enough!”

register today at http://www.flipaticket.com/register.         

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ monday, january 24, 2011  
  



friday, december 21, 2007


 



 ticketmaster announces paciolan deal set to close  ticketmaster, the world's leading ticketing company and an operating business of iac (nasdaq: iaci), announced today that the ftc has granted early termination of the hsr waiting period with respect to ticketmaster's previously announced acquisition of paciolan, a ticketing software provider based in irvine, ca. the announcement clears the way for ticketmaster to complete its acquisition of paciolan, which the parties anticipate taking place shortly after the new year. paciolan provides ticketing, fundraising and marketing technology solutions for nearly 200 clients in north america, including a range of college athletics programs, performing arts organizations, arenas, professional sports teams and museums.the acquisition will bring together a new array of people, technologies and approaches to ticketing service, enabling ticketmaster to serve clients at an even better level in the highly dynamic live entertainment business. additionally, ticketmaster will augment paciolan's existing product and service offerings with proprietary features such as ticketfast(r: 45.34, -0.27, -0.59%) online ticket delivery, ticket auctions, ticketexchange and vip packages. the transaction will help ensure that fans receive safe and convenient access to tickets, and that clients receive the best products and services possible."this transaction is about giving fans access to what they want and providing clients full access to the spectrum of solutions and services that both companies offer," said sean moriarty, president and ceo, ticketmaster. "we could not be more excited about moving forward with paciolan and getting to work with dave butler and his great team in irvine."following completion of the transaction, paciolan will continue to operate from its irvine, ca location, and paciolan ceo david butler and his current management team are expected to remain in senior leadership positions in the combined company. source>>>          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ friday, december 21, 2007  
  



wednesday, december 19, 2007


 



 ford presents the ucp tour starring chris brown & bow wow tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 chinese spectacular tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 loretta lynn tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 lenny kravitz tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 steve harvey tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 one night of queen tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 the mars volta tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 michael flatley's lord of the dance tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 sia tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 nhl rockin' skate 2008, featuring the jonas brothers tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 arron lewis of staind tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 gordon lightfoot tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 corey smith tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 taylor swift tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 new york dolls tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 martin sexton tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  





 



 rent tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ wednesday, december 19, 2007  
  



tuesday, december 18, 2007


 



 colbie caillat tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ tuesday, december 18, 2007  
  





 



 lupe fiasco tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ tuesday, december 18, 2007  
  





 



 the bravery tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ tuesday, december 18, 2007  
  





 



 mario cantone tickets free presale passwordall venues password : get presale password here          

 
<---back to home pageconcert tickets, sports tickets, broadway tickets, family show ticketsposted by admin @ tuesday, december 18, 2007  
  







