












| uphold justice





























      skip to main content
    





























toggle navigation








main menu


home


investigative report


announcement


public notice


newspaper


third party


videos


history


about us


more languages


中文








to investigate the criminal conduct of all institutions, organizations, and individuals involved in the persecution of falun gong; to bring such investigations, no matter how long it takes, no matter how far and deep we have to search, to full closure; to exercise fundamental principles of humanity; and to restore and uphold justice in society.




investigation report

hot cases"self-immolation" incidentrape and persecution of wei xingyanzhe jiang beggar murder casetestimonialorgan harvestingorgan harvesting concentration camp and organ harvestingtorture & murder key criminalskey culprits of organ harvestinghospital of organ harvestingccp committees & 610 offices state-run medialabor campspsychiatric facilitiesbrainwashingculture & educationeconomics abroad/embassyinternet blockadeindictment articlesotherother languagesdeutsch （german）한국어 （korean）



book of woipfg reports

preface 
table of contents 
part one
part two



e-book


previousnext











important report


the new york times uses mainstream american techniques and methods to repeat the lies of the chinese communist party (ccp), which has launched an unrestricted war against falun gong in the united statesaccording to investigation results by woipfg, recently, the new york times has disregarded the brutal persecution and atrocities committed by the ccp against falun gong practitioners and published a series of reports attacking falun gong, covering up the ccp’s crimes of harvesting organs from living falun gong practitioners, distorting facts about shen yun performing arts, and targeting the epoch times. these actions align closely with the ccp’s recent overseas “public opinion warfare”, which is part of its renewed effort to persecute falun gong. the ccp’s legal and public opinion warfare against falun gong, shen yun and the epoch times —the scheme is part of its broader strategy against the us and differs from jiang zemin's in 1999world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg) received the following confidential information from a source at the chinese communist party’s (ccp) top leadership in beijing: 
the ccp’s legal and public opinion warfare against falun gong, shen yun, and the epoch times is part of beijing regime’s broader strategy against the united states, and the reason for such a scheme differs from that of jiang zemin’s crackdown order in 1999.the chinese communist party's top leadership intensifies secret plans to attack overseas falun gong, shen yun, and the epoch timesthe world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg), through its special investigation channels within mainland china, received confidential intelligence regarding the top leadership of the chinese communist party. the chinese communist party's ministry of public security recently held a video conference personally chaired by minister of public security wang xiaohong. the meeting included numerous internal directives from the ccp's top leadership, which have already been disseminated to the provincial and department level in china and are being implemented. review of woipfg investigation into ccp’s organ harvesting from living falun gong practitioners for period 2020-2022 from 2020 to 2022, the three years of pandemic, the ccp’s “zero-covid” policy severely damaged the chinese economy. however, china's organ transplant industry has not been affected. hospital transplant centers had stayed open, and transplant experts were business as usual seeing patients. many hospitals had stated that they had sufficient donors.report on live organ harvesting crimes in china (updated july 2024)forced live organ harvesting refers to the criminal practice of removing a living human’s  organs, without their consent. in china, victims are often not even administered anesthetics. organs from such victims are called fresh organs and fetch a higher price. victims’ bodies are destroyed and even their families never find out what happened to them. most victims just disappear without a trace.2023 report of woipfg’s investigation into ccp’s ongoing organ harvesting from living falun gong practitionersafter the covid-19 lockdowns were lifted in 2023, world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg) launched a new round of follow-up telephone investigations from february 2 to march 21, 2023, on dozens of organ transplant experts, professors, directors and chief surgeons from some of the hospitals suspected of harvesting organs from living falun gong practitioners. thirty-six of these phone investigation recordings have been selected and published below.deathbed testimonies of a falun dafa disciple murdered by live organ harvesting in 2019woipfg received a report that on april 28, 2019, zhang xiuqin, a falun gong practitioner from harbin city, had her organs harvested alive at the department of infectious diseases of the people’s liberation army (pla) integrated logistic support and security forces no. 962 hospital (formerly the pla no. 211 hospital). while the hospital authorities were cleaning up the remains of live organ harvesting victims, zhang xiuqin woke up and was discovered by a doctor with a conscience. on her deathbed, zhang told this doctor about her harrowing ordeal of being tortured and having her organ harvested the chinese communist party’s state-run prison slave labor industry — ccp’s secret weapon in the trade war  (volume ii)by presenting its investigative results of the chinese communist party’s (ccp) prisons and now-abolished labor camps forcing falun dafa (i.e. falun gong) practitioners to produce slave labor products, world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong’s (woipfg) reveals the ccp’s serious violation of the human rights of the enslaved individuals, its economic aggression against the international community and its destruction of the human morals and conscience. the chinese communist party’s state-run prison slave labor industry — ccp’s secret weapon in the trade war  (volume i)by presenting its investigative results of the chinese communist party’s (ccp) prisons and now-abolished labor camps forcing falun dafa (i.e. falun gong) practitioners to produce slave labor products, world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong’s (woipfg) reveals the ccp’s serious violation of the human rights of the enslaved individuals, its economic aggression against the international community and its destruction of the human morals and conscience. ironclad irrefutable evidence (e-book) iithe first part focuses on the results of the investigation from 2006 to 2015. its contents include phone investigative recordings and data evidence involving five standing committee members of the chinese communist party central politburo, a vice chairman of the central military commission, a defense minister, a former head of the health division of the general logistics department of the people’s liberation army, as well as many organ transplant surgeons, officials of the political and legal affairs commission, “610 office” officials, court officials and so on.ironclad irrefutable evidence (e-book) ithe first part focuses on the results of the investigation from 2006 to 2015. its contents include phone investigative recordings and data evidence involving five standing committee members of the chinese communist party central politburo, a vice chairman of the central military commission, a defense minister, a former head of the health division of the general logistics department of the people’s liberation army, as well as many organ transplant surgeons, officials of the political and legal affairs commission, “610 office” officials, court officials and so on.summary of woipfg's investigation of live organ harvesting from falun gong practitioners in the first half of 2020at the beginning of 2020, a major epidemic (wuhan pneumonia) of the ccp virus (new coronavirus) broke out in mainland china. despite causing a man-made global pandemic, the ccp has still not stopped harvesting live organs. the woipfg continued to conduct telephone investigations on mainland medical staff suspected of harvesting organs from live falun gong practitioners, and obtained a batch of new evidence and leads.lu shuheng reported the ccp’s crime of live organ harvesting from falun gong practitioners to woipfgin september 2016, the sound of hope radio station invited mr. wang zhiyuan, president of the world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg), to a talk show about the proposed u.s. house resolution 343 which  demanded an end to the live organ harvesting from falun gong practitioners. mr. lu shuheng, a former shanghai native residing in california, called the studio while the program was on air. he indicated that he would like to expose the crime of live organ harvesting from falun gong practitioners by the chinese communist party (ccp).woipfg’s 2019 comprehensive investigation results regarding the chinese communist party’s live organ harvesting of falun dafa practitionersthis report presents 200 recorded phone investigation conversations from more than 100 hospitals and organ transplant centers. the people investigated include hospital presidents, communist party committee secretaries, organ transplant department directors, chief surgeons, professors and organ transplant ward nurses. they are all participants and witnesses of the organ transplants from living falun gong practitioners.woipfg’s summary report on the ccp’s state crime of massive live organ harvesting against falun gong practitioners from 2006-2015china has the most secretive medical systems in the world. since 2006, the chinese medical establishment has shut the door to all external requests for investigation into the forced disappearances of falun gong practitioners and the nation’s organ transplant system. woipfg’s summary report on the ccp’s state crime of massive live organ harvesting against falun gong practitioners from 2015-2020woipfg’s comprehensive investigation results regarding the chinese communist party’s live organ harvesting of falun dafa practitioners from2015 to 2020woipfg’s investigation report on the live organ harvesting of falun gong practitioners at xijing hospital affiliated to the air force medical university  li guowei has participated in the live organ harvesting for many years and has committed the crime of live organ harvesting from falun gong practitioners.beijing red cross has never started its organ donation program as of nowthe ccp has officially claimed that “voluntary organ donation by chinese citizens is the sole legal organ source for the human organ transplants”, and it also has claimed that “starting from january 1, 2015, china would end the practice of using organs from executed prisoners”. woipfg’s investigative report on zheng shusenzheng shusen, president of the first affiliated hospital, school of medicine, zhejiang university, former chairman of the chinese transplant congress (ctc) and chairman of china organ procurement organization alliance, was also the chairman (from 2007 to 2017) of the zhejiang branch of “china anti-cult association” (caca)。
zheng is suspected to be one of the major organizers in the live organ harvesting on an enormous scale and an executor of the persecution against falun gong practitioners.another advertisement of free liver transplantation comes into sight in china!from june 1 to june 30, 2017, jilin provincial travel radio and the hepatic transplantation center of the first hospital of jilin university jointly launch a program of free liver transplantation for 10 children.woipfg: additional testimony provided by eyewitness of organ harvesting from living victim(s)on december 12, 2009, the world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong ("woipfg") released part of the testimony provided by an armed guard in jinzhou city, liaoning province, who had witnessed organ extraction operation conducted on a falun gong practitioner:according to the armed guard, who was an eyewitness, on april 9, 2002, in an operation room on the 15thfloor of the general hospital of shenyang military command, pla, two military doctors (the military identification no. of one of the doctors is 0106069) extracted organ( ...the woipfg: zhang gaoli confirms that the number of falun dafa practitioners murdered by live organ harvesting has reached millionson june 24, 2015, an investigator with the world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg), by assuming the identity of a secretary at jiang zemin's office, conducted a phone investigation on the ccp's state council vice premier zhang gaoli, who was on a visit in kazakhstan, regarding jiang zemin's crime of issuing orders to harvest millions of live falun dafa practitioners" organs.woipfg obtained new evidence: jiang zemin ordered the harvesting of organs from falun gong practitioners for transplantationthis investigation result directly points to jiang zemin, who ordered to harvest organs from falun gong practitioners. this is genocide implemented by jiang zemin and other high ranking ccp officials. this is genocide carried out by the ccp controlled state apparatus. this genocide takes the form of live organ harvesting of falun gong practitioners. under the secret protection of the ccp, chinese judicial system, military, arm police forces and local hospitals colluded in this crime against humanity and crime of genocide.the ‘tiananmen square self-immolation’ is a poorly orchestrated hoax by the chinese regime to defame falun gong in order to legitimize and intensify the persecution the so-called "tiananmen square self-immolation" from jan. 23, 2001 in central beijing is a hoax, planned and executed by the chinese communist regime to defame the traditional spiritual practice of falun gong. the world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg) has collected compelling evidence that the "tiananmen square self-immolation" is a conspiracy orchestrated by the chinese regime involving former chinese communist party head, jiang zemin, and former head of the political and legislative affair committee, zhou yongkang. the purpo...investigative report on the "610 office" under the direct order of the chinese communist party (ccp) leader jiang zemin, the "610 office" in china was established on june 10, 1999, with its mission to crack down on falun gong. from its establishment, structure, reporting hierarchy, to its operational and funding mechanism, the "610 office" is positioned outside the regime's party and governmental framework.its natureis similar to that of nazi's gestapo and the "leadership group of the cultural revolution of ccp central committee", holding responsibility for the kidnapping, ...previousnext





hospital of organ harvesting


woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at third affiliated hospital to the pla’s navy military medical university of the people's liberation army and its staff members suspected of participationsince march 9, 2006, when the first witness exposed to the international community the ccp's crime of harvesting organs from living falun gong practitioners, after more than 10 years of investigation and evidence collection, woipfg obtained a large amount of investigative audio evidence, collected and sorted out the data and documents on organ transplantation published by the ccp in the early stage, etc., confirmed that since the end of 1999, the ccp has harvested organs from living falun gong practitioners on a large scale, woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the first affiliated hospital of the naval medical university of the people's liberation army and its staff members suspected of participationthe air force hospital of the northern theater of the pla (formerly the pla no.463 hospital) vigorously develops organ transplants, including liver transplants and kidney transplants. and the hospital claims to "have the largest cornea bank in northeast china". woipfg’s telephone investigation shows that the hospital has a large number of kidney transplants. in the large context of the ccp’s state crime of living donor organ harvesting, the hospital is obviously suspected of participating in the crime of organ harvesting from living falun gong practitioners and members of other groups.woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at zhujiang hospital of southern medical university and its staff members suspected of participationzhujiang hospital of southern medical university (formerly known as the second affiliated hospital of the first military medical university of the chinese communist party (ccp)), was recognized as the first batch of the third-level first-class hospitals in the military in 1994.
it is one of the main hospitals where the ccp military live-harvested the organs of falun gong practitioners[1]. it is one of the major transplant centers in the country, with a strong kidney transplant team, a large number of transplantations, and a short waiting time for organs.woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the third hospital of peking university and its staff members suspected of participationin 2004, the third hospital of peking university ranked first in beijing in the number of kidney transplants. the organ transplant center of peking university to which it belongs has performed 4,000 liver and kidney transplants within a year. during woipfg telephone investigation, one hospital doctor said,"we have 11 medical teams for kidney transplantation, all of which can do it." woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the fifth medical center of the pla general hospital (formerly the pla no. 307 hospital) and its staff members suspected of participationthe no. 307 hospital of pla is a tertiary level-a general institution that embodies medical treatment, teaching, and scientific research with a total of 1,500 beds.  the no. 307 hospital is one of the first hospitals to be qualified for kidney transplantation, and among the early ones that carried out large-scale kidney transplantation in the army. in 2007, the woipfg published the recording of an investigative phone conversation with chen qiang, the contact person for kidney source at the transplantation department of the no. 307 hospital. woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the general hospital of the central theater command of the people's liberation army and its staff members suspected of participationthe general hospital of the central theater command of pla is one of the largest hospitals engaged in kidney transplantation in wuhan. the woipfg's telephone investigation revealed that the hospital had conducted a large number of kidney transplants, and the doctors admitted the use of organs from falun gong practitioners. the second affiliated hospital of hubei medical university also swaps falun gong practitioners’ donors with wuhan general hospital of guangzhou military region. woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the pla rocket force general hospital and its staff members suspected of participationthe liver transplant center was officially established in july 2004 and began to grow rapidly. published medical papers claimed that the transplant in the hospital had warm ischemia time of 0-5 min, which is suspected of harvesting organs from living people. telephone investigations revealed that the hospital used falun gong practitioner donors. the first-hand evidence of the video showed that the pla rocket force hospital could find qigong practitioners as donors within a waiting time of less than two weeks.woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the pla eastern theater general hospital (formerly nanjing general hospital of nanjing military command)  and its staff members suspected of participationas early as 2001, chaired by li leishi, an academician of the chinese academy of engineering, the three doctors on duty at the institute of nephrology of the pla eastern theater general hospital (formerly nanjing general hospital of nanjing military command), already "performed hundreds of kidney transplants in a year". it’s clear that the number of kidney transplants in the institute was already remarkable by then. in 2004, the hospital became one of the largest kidney transplant centers in china. in the same year, it was awarded the collective first-class merit by the ccp. woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at peking union medical college hospital and its staff members suspected of participationpeking union medical college hospital has a strong transplant team that can form multiple liver and kidney transplant groups. the operation volume should be large, and the source of organs is suspected to be abnormal. there is an emergency green channel for kidney transplantation. in 2013, huang jiefu disclosed in an interview with a reporter from guangzhou daily that in 2012, he performed more than 500 liver transplants, of which only one was done with voluntary donation.[1] moreover, it was the first liver transplant operation with voluntarily donated organ by citizens. woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at air force hospital of pla's western theater  (formerly pla no. 452 hospital)   and its staff members suspected of participationthe air force hospital of the pla’s western theater (formerly the pla no. 452 hospital) claims to be the best in kidney transplantation in sichuan, and its income has soared. zhang cong, the hospital director, was promoted to be the director of the pla no.309 hospital. on april 28, 2006, a reporter from voice of hope international radio conducted a telephone investigation. xu yahong, director of the department of urology, said that he had performed at least 500 kidney transplants and could provide organs from young, healthy donors who practice falun gong. woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the second affiliated hospital of hainan medical college and its staff members suspected of participationthe second affiliated hospital of hainan medical college (formerly the hospital of the general bureau of agricultural reclamation of hainan province) was officially transferred to hainan medical college for management in february 2016 and became the affiliated hospital directly under the management of hainan medical college. after hainan was established as a province in 2008, the hospital became the affiliated unit of the chairman of the hainan provincial organ transplant professional committee, and an independent kidney transplant team was established in the department of urology that year. woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at zhongnan hospital of wuhan university and its staff members suspected of participationin april 2006, during a telephone investigation conducted by woipfg, a doctor at zhongnan hospital of wuhan university (formerly the second affiliated hospital of hubei medical university) admitted that they were using organs from falun gong practitioners and allocated kidneys with wuhan general hospital of guangzhou military command. in another telephone investigation conducted in 2016, a kidney transplant doctor said the wait time for an organ was about two weeks. in 2017, a liver transplant doctor said: "we often do emergency liver transplants." woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at second affiliated hospital of harbin medical university and its staff members suspected of participationthe second affiliated hospital of harbin medical university began doing living donor kidney transplants in 1999, which coincided with the start of the persecution of falun gong, resulting in a large number of kidney transplants. the hospital's official website claims it’s a leader in china in terms of organ transplant types, techniques, and quality. heart transplantation papers show that before 2005, the hospital had had a dedicated heart collection team. the donors were suspected to be living bodies, and the heart was removed after anesthesia. woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at sichuan provincial people's hospital and its staff members suspected of participationsichuan provincial people's hospital has obtained the qualifications for all solid organ transplants from the national health and medical commission, and has carried out all organ transplant projects clinically. the organ transplant center of the hospital is one of the few clinical transplant centers in china that integrates multiple organ transplants. in 2009, it ranked no. 28 among more than 160 transplant centers nationwide.woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the 900 hospital of the pla joint logistic support force and its staff members suspected of participationthe no. 900 hospital of the pla joint logistic support force (previous fuzhou general hospital of nanjing military command, pla) is where hosts the pla institute of cell and organ transplant. in 2011, the cumulative kidney transplants ranked first in china. the annual transplant volume ranks among the top three in the country for six consecutive years. the source of donors is so abnormally sufficient and the amount of transplants in a single day is so huge that unusual phenomenon has appeared.woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at army medical center of pla (formerly daping hospital affiliated with third military medical university) and its staff members suspected of participationthe hospital is one of the affiliated hospitals of the military medical universities that implements jiang zemin's order to harvest organs from living falun gong practitioners. it is also the only institution in the chinese people's liberation army that combines a hospital and a research institute. woipfg’s investigative report on  the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners  at the jiangsu provincial people’s hospital and  its staff members suspected of participationthe hospital has setup a key laboratory for liver transplantation sponsored by the ministry of health and jiangsu province. the laboratory is provided with sophisticated equipment and strong transplantation team and has performed a large number of liver transplantations. the source of the organs is unknown. according to the response from a doctor of the kidney transplant medical office, "organs were taken from the brain death center. no one can guarantee that the kidney source must be donated."woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the second affiliated hospital of hainan medical college and its staff members suspected of participationthe second affiliated hospital of hainan medical college (formerly the hospital of the general bureau of agricultural reclamation of hainan province) was officially transferred to hainan medical college for management in february 2016 and became the affiliated hospital directly under the management of hainan medical college. after hainan was established as a province in 2008, the hospital became the affiliated unit of the chairman of the hainan provincial organ transplant professional committee, and an independent kidney transplant team was established in the department of urology that year.  woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at beijing friendship hospital, capital medical university and its staff members suspected of participationthe beijing friendship hospital is where beijing organ transplant matching center is located with plenty donors and beds as well as strong transplant operation team. the hospital claims to be the largest kidney transplant center in asia with large volume of kidney transplants. the woipfg investigative report shows the hospital expands its transplant capacity and has high volume of surgery. upon the massive scheme of the ccp’s state crime of live organ harvesting, this hospital is obviously suspected of involvement with the alleged live organ harvesting from falun gong practitioners.woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the first affiliated hospital of xi'an jiaotong university and its staff members suspected of participationthe first affiliated hospital of xi'an jiaotong university was established in 1999, at the same time peroid when the ccp started the persecution of falun gong. the number of kidney transplants increased rapidly. in 2001, the institute of organ transplantation of xi'an jiaotong university was established, becoming one of the largest transplant centers in china . as of december 2012, the institute has guided 23 hospitals in 13 provinces and cities to carry out more than 10,000 cases of kidney transplants . woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at the eighth medical center of the pla general hospital (formerly the pla no. 309 hospital) and its staff members suspected of participationthe chinese communist party (ccp) has a massive military health system including the pla general hospital, the affiliated hospitals of all military medical universities, general hospitals of all military regions and various branches of the military. organ transplantation has been one of the most active fields at the ccp’s military hospitals since 1999.woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at peking university people’s hospital and its staff members suspected of participationhere is part of the woipfg investigation report of peking university people’s hospital and the responsible people on alleged live organ harvesting from falun gong practitioners.woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at beijing you an hospital, capital medical university and its staff members suspected of participationbeijing you an hospital is the affiliated hospital of capital medical university and the ninth clinical medical school, is a tertiary level-a hospital of the ministry of health, and is a large general specialty hospital serving the population with infectious and contagious diseases. the hospital located in an area of more than 50,000 square meters, with a construction area of more than 40,000 square meters. there are 550 beds available (750 beds available after renovation). hospital technical support is strong, and eighty percent of the staff members are professional and technicians, more thanwoipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at zhongshan hospital, fudan university and its staff members suspected of participationthe number of transplants at zhongshan hospital of fudan university is large and growing at an alarming rate. additionally, there are always sufficient organ donors, short waiting times, and transplants as usual during the pandemic. transplant doctors directly admitted that the source of organs was falun gong practitioners, and dr. tan yunshan, head of the liver pathology department, admitted that jiang zemin ordered organ harvesting from living falun gong practitioners for transplantation.woipfg’s investigative report on the alleged organ harvesting of living falun gong practitioners at shulan (hangzhou) hospital and its staff members suspected of participationthe wait times for liver and kidney transplants at shulan (hangzhou) hospital are extremely short; the hospital’s organ transplantation volume is large; and its sources of organs are unknown. its president zheng shusen did not deny using falun gong practitioners’ organs in transplants during an investigation conducted by world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg). zheng shusen’s large volume of organ transplants over a long period of time has coincided with the ccp’s persecution of falun gong practitionerspreviousnext







new report




the ccp’s legal and public opinion warfare against falun gong, shen yun and the epoch times —the scheme is part of its broader strategy against the us and differs from jiang zemin's in 1999january 8, 2025world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg) received the following confidential information from a source at the chinese communist party’s (ccp) top leadership in beijing: 
the ccp’s legal and public opinion warfare against falun gong, shen yun, and the epoch times is part of beijing regime’s broader strategy against the united states, and the reason for such a scheme differs from that of jiang zemin’s crackdown order in 1999.
the chinese communist party's top leadership intensifies secret plans to attack overseas falun gong, shen yun, and the epoch timesdecember 12, 2024the world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg), through its special investigation channels within mainland china, received confidential intelligence regarding the top leadership of the chinese communist party. the chinese communist party's ministry of public security recently held a video conference personally chaired by minister of public security wang xiaohong. the meeting included numerous internal directives from the ccp's top leadership, which have already been disseminated to the provincial and department level in china and are being implemented. 
review of woipfg investigation into ccp’s organ harvesting from living falun gong practitioners for period 2020-2022 oct 03, 2024from 2020 to 2022, the three years of pandemic, the ccp’s “zero-covid” policy severely damaged the chinese economy. however, china's organ transplant industry has not been affected. hospital transplant centers had stayed open, and transplant experts were business as usual seeing patients. many hospitals had stated that they had sufficient donors.
report on live organ harvesting crimes in china (updated july 2024)aug20, 2024forced live organ harvesting refers to the criminal practice of removing a living human’s  organs, without their consent. in china, victims are often not even administered anesthetics. organs from such victims are called fresh organs and fetch a higher price. victims’ bodies are destroyed and even their families never find out what happened to them. most victims just disappear without a trace.
2023 report of woipfg’s investigation into ccp’s ongoing organ harvesting from living falun gong practitionersnov 22, 2023after the covid-19 lockdowns were lifted in 2023, world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg) launched a new round of follow-up telephone investigations from february 2 to march 21, 2023, on dozens of organ transplant experts, professors, directors and chief surgeons from some of the hospitals suspected of harvesting organs from living falun gong practitioners. thirty-six of these phone investigation recordings have been selected and published below.


episode 32: deathbed testimonies of a falun dafa disciple murdered by live organ harvesting in 2019july 17, 2023tens of millions of falun gong practitioners detained for petitioning are the suspected main sources for the organ donor pool
episode 31: the chinese communist party severs limb tendons of falun gong practitioners before harvesting their organs aliveseptember 5, 2023on july 25, 2022, japanese economic commentator ushio sugawara reported to woifpg that before harvesting organs from living falun gong practitioners, the armed police general hospital in beijing would severe their limb tendons, in order to keep their organs in a relaxed state and ensure the quality of their organs.
he also revealed that a doctor from the armed police general hospital told him, “since the population of china is large, we can supply any number of donors suitable for organ transplantation.” in other words, they have as many living people as they want, for the purpose of organ 
episode 30: live organ harvesting is the continuation of the ccp’s history of murderseptember 2, 2023live organ harvesting is the continuation of the ccp’s history of murder. since the chinese communist party’s (ccp) inception in 1921, especially after the regime usurped china’s state power on october 1, 1949, it has been incessantly slaughtering the chinese people. its political movements have been de facto genocides, where targeted groups are subjected to smear campaigns and physical eradication. the ccp’s slaughter history
episode 29: shocking secrets behind plastinated human bodiesaugust 12, 2023the ccp is even suspected of turning falun gong practitioners or the bodies of practitioners, who were tortured to death, into scientific specimens using the method of “plastination,” to be displayed around the world in profit-driven body exhibitions. these pieces of evidence demonstrate from a different perspective that the total number of slaughtered falun dafa practitioners is in fact greater than previously thought, and the ccp’s murder methods are even more evil!



more




new announcements




the new york times uses mainstream american techniques and methods to repeat the lies of the chinese communist party (ccp), which has launched an unrestricted war against falun gong in the united statesjan 26, 2025according to investigation results by woipfg, recently, the new york times has disregarded the brutal persecution and atrocities committed by the ccp against falun gong practitioners and published a series of reports attacking falun gong, covering up the ccp’s crimes of harvesting organs from living falun gong practitioners, distorting facts about shen yun performing arts, and targeting the epoch times. these actions align closely with the ccp’s recent overseas “public opinion warfare”, which is part of its renewed effort to persecute falun gong. 
 investigation notice on escalated transnational repression by the chinese communist regimedecember 5, 2024in an effort to revitalize its persecution of falun gong, the chinese regime has launched a new round of attacks targeting the faith’s practitioners outside china, the woipfg has learned.
notice of investigation by woipfg wang keming from tianjin city third central hospital indicted in los angeles for alleged forced organ harvesting nov 12 , 2024at about 8 a.m. on tuesday, november 12, 2024, the world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg) assisted the victims in filing a lawsuit against wang keming, director of the urology department of tianjin city third central hospital, in the united states federal district court in los angeles for suspected involvement in the crime of genocide of forced organ harvesting. the court accepted the case for human rights crimes that violated federal law, issued a subpoena to the defendant wang keming, and served it to the defendant himself. 
announcement from woipfg: comprehensive collection of lists of ccp perpetrators and their criminal evidence sep 5, 2024since 1999, the chinese communist party (ccp) has wielded its entire state machinery to conduct a genocidal persecution against estimated one hundred million falun gong practitioners. this campaign of terror has persisted for 25 years and continues unabated to this day.

an open letter to the new york timesaug 22, 2024my name is dr. wang zhiyuan. i’m the director of the world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg). i’m writing to express my deep concern regarding the accuracy of your recent article titled, “how a persecuted religious group grew into a global movement,” published on august 16, 2024.
announcement: woipfg submitted a list of persons responsible for the persecution of falun gong practitioners to the fbiapril 27, 2024in april 2024, world organization to investigate the persecution of falun gong (woipfg) submitted to the u.s. federal bureau of investigation (fbi) a “list of persons responsible for the persecution of falun gong practitioners” (hereinafter referred to as the “list”), which totals 81,340 individuals.
the chinese communist party is the devil that causes calamity to mankind and the root of all evilapril 21, 2024from april 25, 1999 to the present day, we have so far experienced a 25-year journey of fa rectification. falun dafa is great! truthfulness, compassion, forbearance is great! dafa has already spread all around the world! at the same time, the evils of the chinese communist party (ccp) that victimizes mankind have been exposed to the entire world!



more
















搜索










falun gong founder mr. li hongzhi publishes "how humankind came to be"




previousnext







previousnext









make a donation
donate
 





information by area

central gov
beijing
shanghai
tianjin
chongqing
yunnan
inner mongolia
jilin
sichuan
ningxia
anhui
shandong
shanxi
guangdong
guangxi
xinjiang
jiangsu
jiangxi
hebei
henan
zhejiang
hainan
hubei
hunan
gasu
fujian
guizhou
liaoning
shaanxi
qinghai
heilongjiang
xianggang
whole country
abroad
other




report via internet
other reporting methods
(001347)448-5790
fax：(001347)402-1444
mail address： po box 84 new york,  ny 10116 usa




  
  







related links



falun dafa info center
justice & accountability
friends of falun gong
amnesty international
human rights watch
international court of justice
global coalition to bring jiang to justice
global rescue
international special tribunal on the persecution of falun gong
preventing genocide
falun gong human rights working group















copyright © 2002-2025 world organization to investigate the 
          persecution of falun gong all rights reserved




































