






michael andrew salontrue color. true beauty. true you.








































powered by vagaro salon software, spa software & fitness software






michael andrew salon



home


products


about


info


contact















home/
products/
about/
info/
contact/


















































true color. true beauty. true you.











home/
products/
about/
info/
contact/



















































experience the art of a beautiful you.through personalized attention from our dedicated staff, michael andrew salon makes every client's personal satisfaction it's top priority. everyday, our goal is to provide our clients with professional services that enhance natural beauty, inspire self-confidence and promote well being. enjoy a peaceful retreat from the everyday pace of life through a tranquil atmosphere. we invite you to call (419) 332-1200 to schedule an appointment.













hair services















the art of hair is about self expression.  is your sense of style classic, conservative or trendy? at michael andrew your service will begin with the end in mind. a beautiful new you.



creative team















hand picked and carefully selected.  michael andrew creative team is thoroughly educated with on going education both in salon and out of state. it's a core value and belief,  to make a beautiful new you, staying current is a must.



home maintenance















 maintaining ones look after leaving the salon is highly dependent on feeding the hair with proper nutrition.  michael andrew offers the highest quality at home haircare for you to maintain your look for weeks on end.



hoursmonday: closedtuesday: 9am - 8pmwednesday: 9am - 8pmthursday: 9am - 8pmfriday: 9am - 5pmsaturday: 8am - 2pmlocation706 e state st.fremont, ohio 43420(419) 332-1200


   







 


 






































stay connected






































copyright © 2015 michael andrew color concept salon. all rights reserved.site created by iconic media group.





 



