




















servo magazine - covering the world of personal robotics | servo magazine






















covering the world of personal robotics


buy the print and get free access online! 



subscribe or manage your account



      
						  
						  
						
					














store
magazine

the magazine
about servo mag
past issues
advertising
writers guidelines
free media downloads


subscriptions

new subscriptions
renew subscription
gift subscription
pay invoice
update account info
subscription faqs


community

forum
blogs


contact

contact servo
submit an article idea
biofeedback


digital edition 

log in
faqs















the rov manatee - part 1
living near the ocean opens up an opportunity to view and take video of underwater sea life – especially if you have your own rov that is waterproof. follow this short series to build your own underwater rover with easily acquired parts that can be assembled with basic tools.



tips for selecting dc motors for your mobile robot
when building a mobile robot, selecting the drive motors is one of the most important decisions you will make. it's a perfect example of an ideal world meeting the real one. here are some of the basic physics and the rules of thumb for proper motor selection.



the multi-rotor hobbyist — adding telemetry to the elev-8
pilots of regular aircraft have a panel of instruments that indicate important parameters such as the aircraft altitude, air speed, attitude, and engine system status. in this episode, we are going to add a telemetry kit to the elev-8 v3 to get real time aircraft data sent back to our tablet in the field.













robots
underwater remote operated vehicles: the next big thing in robotics?
underwater remotely operated vehicles (urovs) — the little brothers to the massive commercial underwater vehicles used to inspect hulls, ship wrecks, and pipe lines — are where quadcopters were five years ago. however, with time, prices will drop, parts will become more plentiful, and the web will be full of videos of underwater sea life and perhaps even battling urovs.








building blocks
coils of war
after a tough match at the franklin institute combat robot event, the windings (or coils) had come loose and had been damaged and in some places cut. get some tips on how to harden and make effective repairs on these kinds of parts.








building blocks
analog servos for robotics
in some ways, analog servos are the “unsophisticated brutes” of the robotics world.thoroughly understanding their strengths and limitations can help you identify which things are better handled in hardware vs. software.








robots
animatronics for the do-it-yourselfer
this new series of articles will explore the many methods, materials, and innovative new ideas to bring your robotic creations to life.








building blocks
using stepper motors for wheeled robot propulsion
stepper motors have the ability to precisely turn a wheel at a calculated distance and also the ability to brake, which makes them an interesting choice for robot propulsion, but not without some some tradeoffs.








history
robots - how we’ve built them over the years
we take for granted all the motors, sensors, high power density batteries, and microcontrollers that are contained within today’s experimental robots. but, back in the day, some of the very best parts came from jukeboxes and pinball machines. anything with parts that moved usually had something that was useful to robot builders.




shop best sellers in the hobbyist junkbox
the official webstore of nuts & volts and servo magazine




arduino robot bonanza
build autonomous robots using ordinary tools and common parts. learn how to wire things up, program your robot's brain, and add your own unique flair.
$29.95



pic robotics: a beginner’s guide to robotics projects using the pic micro
 11 easy-to-build robots each with a picmicro "brain.”
$22.00



servo 2015 cd-rom
includes all of vol 13, issues 1 - 12 in pdf format, along with the 2015 article media downloads!
$24.95








































mind/iron

seeing things in a new light: affordable color ir imaging
real time color infrared imaging has come a long way in terms of availability and affordability. if you’re serious about circuit design and diagnosis, then consider adding one of the new portable color ir cameras or imagers to your toolbox.





popular stories

the turing test: from inception to passing
analog servos for robotics
robots - how we’ve built them over the years




recent blog posts

april 30 - bovine backscratcher
april 30 - mind over multiple matters

read more



archives

january 2025
november 2024
april 2024
march 2024
november 2023

view complete archives list










2022 issue-5

can puzzlebot solve a sliding number puzzle?
build this pwm signal generator circuit
ai, chatbots, and more




2022 issue-4

recreating the red light, green light doll from squid game
robogames 2023: the times, the bots, the people
rescue robots – a biomimetic approach




2022 issue-3

robotics: how to get started — part 8: using behaviors to build applications
efficient multitask learning possible with a predictive model for door opening and entry
robogames returns!




2022 issue-2

build a bluetooth controlled tank
thumb-shaped sensor offers a novel way to develop touch sensing in robotics
seeing things in a new light: affordable color ir imaging



connect with us
  
					  
					
				
				
subscribe to our newsletter
sign up now







copyright © 2025 t & l publications. all rights reserved | 
						privacy policy |
						terms & conditions |
						copyright statement




















