





telluride adventures – san juan outdoor adventures colorado






























 





skip to content








call us today! 970.728.4101|info@tellurideadventures.com 

facebookinstagramtrip advisor 



 
















summer backpacking & campingvia ferrata telluride adventurerock climbinghikingmountain bikingmountaineeringkids adventure campwomen’s adventures in telluridewinterbooking now backcountry skiing & snowboardingbackcountry nordic skiingice climbing adventures in telluride coloradofat tire bikingsnowshoe tours in telluridelocal telluride avalanche educationwinter hut tripsabout tellurideguidesblogcontactsummer backpacking & campingvia ferrata telluride adventurerock climbinghikingmountain bikingmountaineeringkids adventure campwomen’s adventures in telluridewinterbooking now backcountry skiing & snowboardingbackcountry nordic skiingice climbing adventures in telluride coloradofat tire bikingsnowshoe tours in telluridelocal telluride avalanche educationwinter hut tripsabout tellurideguidesblogcontact






search for:











 






loading...




















winter adventures in telluride coloradogrizzly2023-10-31t17:14:56+00:00 
why adventure with uswe are telluride’s premier source for mountain adventures—creating the most tailor-made guided experiences in the san juans!  we pride ourselves on our safety record. our local, knowledgable, expert guides offer high-end, full-service, customized excursions.
winter adventures in telluride!san juan outdoor adventures will entertain you with winter  ice climbing adventures, backcountry skiing and snowboarding, snowshoeing, and winter hut touring.
want to learn winter backcountry skills? we offer cutting-edge courses in avalanche education at the san juan outdoor school.
our expert instructors and naturalists entertain you and guide you. you’ll gain an appreciation for the natural and cultural history of telluride’s majestic san juan mountains. we give you the industry’s highest quality instruction in a supportive learning environment and create a memorable outdoor experience for people of all ages and abilities.
customize your adventure×contact us to customize your adventure
we’ll give you a call to discuss a customized excursion just for you and your group:

 









 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 your phone (optional)  

 subject
 

 your message
 


×


closeice climbingwant to learn how to ice climb?
let’s plan it now.

you want to test yourself?
we’ll lead you to amazing frozen waterfalls where you will use your “spider” skills.
telluride has some of the best ice climbs in the west! learn new skills or try new terrain,from ames falls to cornet falls to bridal veil falls to the ames ice hose. a variety of climbs are available for all levels and abilities.
get the detailsbackcountry skiing & snowboardingwant to explore the san juan mountain backcountry?
let’s plan it now.
ready to try a peak descent?
tell us where you want to go.
let us introduce you to the thrilling sport of backcountry skiing or snowboarding. or guide the experienced to a new peak.
get the detailssnowshoeingthere is no better way to experience the serene winter beauty of the san juan mountains than with a pair of snowshoes strapped to your feet. you will frolic in fresh colorado powder while learning about telluride’s unique natural history from our expert guides. join us for just a few hours or come on one of our multi-day hut trips. or, take a day at the spa and send your kids on one of our kid’s tours specializing in snowman-building and sledding.
get the detailswinter hut tripsdreaming of snuggling by the fire, and sipping hot cocoa while taking in the finest scenery through frosted windows?
we can make that happen.
an overnight or multi-day winter hut trip allows you to get deep into telluride’s backcountry and sleep amidst towering peaks and the majestic frozen landscape.
get the detailsavalanche educationare you prepared for the backcountry?
the san juan field school offers several avalanche education opportunities throughout the winter season including one 4-day avalanche course, two 3-day avalanche courses, one 2-day avalanche course, our free monday night avalanche awareness forum series and as well as our free avalanche beacon rescue clinics.
get the detailspeak decentsearning your turns and achieving the perfect line is the heart and soul of the telluride winter experience.
you want to descend a peak? let’s go!
you want technical snow climbs or couloir descent? onward!
get the detailsbackcountry nordic skiinglooking for unique adventure on skis but you are not an alpine skier?
our backcountry nordic ski tours are off the groomed tracks and access different terrain throughout the mountains.
get the detailsfattire bikingexplore telluride’s amazing backroads and trails on a fattire mountain bike.
get the detailsour gear sponsors




 
 





 

find us 223 east colorado
telluride, co 81435
970.728.4101
info@tellurideadventures.com
mailing address:
po box 3679  |  telluride co 81435












 

activities fat tire biking ice climbing snowshoe tours backcountry skiing & snowboarding winter hut trips 


blog


summer in telluride


telluride avalanche school


backcountry skiing & snowboarding


looking back at telluride’s history


ice climbing in telluride


 

 
 
 





		copyright ©2025 san juan outdoor school | all rights reserved	


facebookinstagramtrip advisor
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link




telluride adventures kindly asks if your requested booking is within 72 hours to please call about availability (970) 728-4101. thank you!


			close			


































































































go to top






