








home - washington fbla


























































skip to content

















  


search for:








contact usabout state management teamstate officers request a chapter visitregion advisersboard of directorsconferences adviser conferencefall leadership conferencesprofessional sports daywinter leadership conferencesstate business leadership conferencenational leadership conferenceresources adviser resourcesmember resourcescalendarcompetitive eventsget involved joinalumniprofessional divisionbecome a state officer candidate information hubstate officer applicationpartnerdonatepartner opportunitiesjudgesponsor 











loading...






















hometeamtri2024-10-25t13:16:17-07:00 
washington fbla is developing the next generation of ethical business leaders
future business leaders of america
washington fbla is committed to preparing today’s middle and high school students to become the business and community leaders of tomorrow. over 5,000 students from 160 chapters around the state participate in events, conferences, and competitions.
students gain critical business skills, complete community service projects, network with businesses, and learn the leadership skills that are in high demand in the workplace.
learn morefblafacts
0+fbla members nationwide0 yearsdeveloping future business leaders0+fbla alumni“i can say with 100% certainty that my entire collegiate and professional trajectory was changed by my involvement in fbla. not only did i learn 21st century skills that would benefit me in the workplace such as teamwork and critical thinking, but i also recognized the importance of servant leadership being at the heart of everything we do. this realization is what ultimately led me to find success in college and my place as a teach for america corps member in san antonio, texas. my experiences in fbla and the confidence that i gained through my involvement is never far from my mind in my daily interactions with my students. everyone – regardless of their background – deserves to have a transformative ctso opportunity like i did.
 kaycie quinonez
washington fbla is leading the future of business
fblaeventsrole play testing registration deadlinefebruary 7, 2025sblc registration deadlinemarch 1, 2025state business leadership conferenceapril 23-26, 2025national leadership conferencejune 29 – july 2, 2025connect with washington fbla!
partner with usjudge a competitionrequest a chapter visitinvest in the lives of washington’s
student leaders
support wa fbla



 
 






		© washington fbla | web design and hosting by teamtri media services 


facebookxinstagramlinkedin
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link





































































































go to top




