





couples resort muskoka ontario romantic getaway spa vacations












































 








 
about

rooms


compare rm styles
chateaus
villas
masters
exotics
chalets
jr suites



dining
spa
packages


all-inclusive
last minute deals
rewards
brides
musicians - fly-in & charities
eco friendly


activities


algonquin park
spring
summer
fall
winter



book now
contact
faq


 

 5 star, luxury couples resort & spa
algonquin park - muskoka ontario, canada 



couples only romantic getaway
stay connected.
          valentine's every day.
      all-inclusive, 1st class gourmet dining and breakfast


welcome to couples resort.  a boutique 5 star luxury resort, which sits on the shores of galeairy lake, a semi-private lake, 3/4 of which is in algonquin park.
your secret hideaway where you stay connected as it is valentine's every day!  whether you need to celebrate or need a rejuvenating break, to indulge in a romantic getaway or to be pampered in the spa or to participate in endless activities & adventures in a signature canadian experience; world famous algonquin park.
5 star accommodations, varying between opulent old european to natural algonquin style, all with lakefront private hot tubs, whirlpool bath tub, wood burning fireplaces, netflix & more.
a very environmentally friendly resort that is in the wilderness at the edge of a village.  we have mini-meadows creating a rich habitat bringing back wildlife; like the birds and the butterflies.  eliminate the grass cutting and benefit exchanging carbon for 400% more oxygen.  our solar hydronic and carbon neutral operations save over 68,000 liters of fuel a year, and our 20,000 watts of photovoltaic systems are humming each day.  
ministry of tourism ontario's best
"best ontario accommodation's package" goes to couples resort, muskoka. we are sure you will love it
"for over 50 years we have been committed to helping couples stay connected. 100% canadian owned. buy canadian. sorensen family since 1967."






all inclusive

every guests receives these key experiences:
- 5-star, classic 5-course gourmet dinner in our european style dining room or as room service brought to you.
- breakfast as classic room service also brought to you.
- all with no-tipping
- and more


all - inclusive details




 rooms

48 accommodations exceeding 5 diamond/star room standards, from 600 - 1400 sq ft, all with private hot tubs, whirlpool bath tub, wood burning fireplaces, netflix & more.


room details





1st class gourmet dining 

5 course gourmet dinner - included
breakfast in bed - included
vegan and vegetarian dishes
special dietary needs - halal, celiacs, gluten free.
50 years of experience in food allergies.
chef daniel leads a team comprising of 7 chef d'parties. 


 menu & dining details





organic spa

awarded 2018 north america's top 50 spas 
quality assurance approved spa
escape and rejuvenate yourself and your loved one with a spa vacation. restore your balance and find energy with one of our spa packages for 2.
we have 6 spa treatment rooms. 


spa treatments & details





couples only

staying connected to each other is what you need.  there are many ways to connect here.
owner's annica & john will tell you about their perfect get out into algonquin park active day.
designed just for the 2 of you!
"thank you for your interest in our couples resort.  here you will find the time to spend quality time together, and this is why we exist, to be here, so that you can spend lots of time together.  we, the sorensen family, started in 1967 to take care of guests, in 1989 we moved to couples only (no kids and no meetings/conferences) as we knew that many couples needed special time together. "
your hosts, the sorensen family & team 
the couples resort, ontario - canada


couples only itinerary






romantic getaway

time for each other without interruption; quality romance with special meaning. 
share the experience of the natural serenity of algonquin park with a loved one.  enjoy romantic nature walks on a star filled night, discover together a shooting star.  in the winter have little wildlife birds eat from your hands.  in the summer go searching for wildlife.
savor a romantic candle lit evening dinner, without technology, over amazing gastronomic delights!  indulge with breakfast in bed. where it is valentine's everyday!


romantic getaway





4 season resort

with activities that are sure to keep you entertained throughout your stay a variety of sports equipment included.
winter enjoy cross-country skiing, ice skating, ice hiking and snow shoeing.
warmer seasons explore the area by hiking and biking.  lakeside pool, self - service & serviced patios
fall enjoy autumn colours, hiking and biking

winter spring summer autumn









couples resort












﻿
  

couples resort, 139 galeairy lake rd,
          whitney - algonquin park, on, k0j 2m0.
call 1 866 202-1179 
©2023 couples resort inc. 
privacy & website content & cookie policy 


book now








