




 



kentucky horse council - home




















log in









 




 


       join us 

       donate

        donate on paypal 
 









home




equine health alerts




2022 kentucky equine survey



survey faqs







supporters




about



board of directors




staff




partners




bylaws




committees




coalition of state horse councils




annual meeting




american horse council







join us



faq's







health and welfare



reporting equine abuse or neglect




minimum standards of care




re-feeding protocol for the starving horse







training programs



livestock investigation training




large animal emergency rescue







job postings



internships







equine events in the bluegrass




lemg hunter pace




khc trivia




equine scholarships




save our horses fund




news




event registration




contact




store




donate




join the e-newsletterfor email marketing you can trust.


what is the kentucky horse council

the kentucky horse council is your connection to the kentucky equine industry. a private nonprofit most recognizable for its foal lying in the grass license plate, the kentucky horse council is dedicated, through education and leadership, to the protection and development of the kentucky equine community.
the khc is best-known for its commitment to caring for all horses in the commonwealth, offering feed and hay assistance; euthanasia assistance; disaster response and training programs to assist horses in perilous situations.
the kentucky horse council encompasses all breeds and disciplines; it is managed by a board of directors and operates out of an office at the kentucky horse park.
your membership and donations to the kentucky horse council support khc efforts, as well as the equine industry's health and sustainability. 

member benefits

  individual and family membership options that include $1 million personal excess liability insurance policy
 discounts to the horse magazine; the kentucky horse park; the horse park gift shop; visit horse county tours and so much more!
discounts on equine liability and agritourism liability signs
 click here to learn about other khc member perks.

the kentucky horse council is a 501c3 non-profit organization dedicated, through education and leadership, to the protection and development of the kentucky equine community.  
 



  











proud member of


recent news



kentucky horse council announces new officers, directors for 2025

01/14/2025 10:47 am •
anonymous



donate to the kentucky horse council to help protect kentucky horses, and double your impact!

12/05/2024 12:27 pm •
anonymous



lexington equine medical group donates proceeds of hunter pace and 5k to the kentucky horse council

11/21/2024 10:09 am •
anonymous





upcoming events


no upcoming events


 






quick links:




home


join us


donate


help




call or email usoffice: 859-367-0509email: info@kentuckyhorse.orgfax: 866-618-3837

address:
4037 iron works parkway suite 120 lexington, kentucky 40511
 





powered by wild apricot membership software













