 



housing authority city of austin | bringing opportunity homehousing authority city of austin







































































































 
 
english
spanish













toggle navigation





home
residents

resident welcome
public & subsidized housing
hcv (section 8)
rad
become a resident
forms
scholarship opportunities
community partners
fss program
portability
fair housing rights
public notices


landlords

landlords program information
portal
rent requests
list property
inspection
ehv landlords
faq


applicants
business ops
about

mission/ vision
contact us
employment
faq
awards & accomplishments
become a resident
housing applicant portal
fair housing rights
bid/ rfp
what is section 3?
haca board and board materials
press room


locations

north austin pbra properties
central/east austin pbra properties
south austin pbra properties










 




home. it’s more than an address.
it’s where we find sanctuary, raise a family,
and build a future.
apply for housing
become a landlord






home. it’s more than an address.
it’s where we find sanctuary, raise a family,
and build a future.
apply for housing
become a landlord






follow us on social media for the latest news and events from the haca community!

facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram

apply for housing
become a landlord














"living at the housing authority of the city of austin allows for my rent to be affordable so that i can concentrate on completing school and become self sufficient so i no longer need assistance. i feel like through haca and the partner agencies, i have the support necessary to be successful."
- shellie moore, thurmond heights


"haca has helped me tremendously in my life. it gave me basic necessities so i could thrive to be the best person i could. there were lots of programs and incentives that helped me in high school."
- christeen wier, manchaca village


"the housing authority of the city of austin has helped me and my dad have a decent place to live; otherwise, i would be on the street. i am grateful for the help i received from haca and the community."
- hanan mohammed, santa rita courts


"i feel like i hit the lottery because of what the housing authority of the city of austin has done for me."
- winnie nelson, shadowbend ridge










haca news





the housing authority of the city of austin (haca) – opportunity to provide public comment
haca public notice en español take notice of a posting the housing authority of the city of austin (haca) opportunity to provide public comment haca’s draft housing choice voucher (hcv) administrative plan (housing opportunity through modernization act (hotma) – phase 1 and hcv administrative plan -hotma phase 2, and the...
read more










haca publishes 2024 annual report
the housing authority of the city of austin has published its 2024 annual report, which provides a look back at the agency's activities, accomplishments, and financial activity for the past year. you can view and download our digital version here.
read more








finding a place to call home




> see more haca properties



february no eventsinterested in a job with haca?apply and become part of the team.

apply
submitting open records requests to housing authority city of austin
learn more
help provide affordable housing to austin families. become a landlord today!
become a landlord
check my waiting list number
portability information
help provide affordable housing to austin families. become a landlord today!
become a landlord
other helpful resources 

hcv administrative plan
ehv administrative plan
pha annual administrative plan
annual & 5 year pha plan
hcv briefing packet
hcv phone list
fair housing
report housing fraud
section 3 opportunities
inspection information
2024 resident calendar

landlord library
haca direct deposit account form
2024 - june utility allowances
2023 - june utility allowances
2022 - june utility allowances
housing quality standards 
landlord information
notice to hcv owners and managers re: vawa
payment standards 2-1-2024
payment standards 2-1-2023
payment standards 8-1-2022
payment standards 2-1-2022 
property owner/manager checklist
reasonable accommodations & fair housing
report housing fraud
hap/tenancy addendum
for the hcv administrative plan and phone list go here

to view pdf’s you need the free acrobat reader

if you need to reach a landlord specialist, landlord@hacanet.org.










community partners
the housing authority of the city of austin (haca) has community partnerships with many organizations to include goodwill, boy scouts of america, boys and girls club, and many more. 

community partners





rental assistance demonstration
the housing authority of the city of austin (haca) is breaking ground with a bold new initiative to preserve public housing in austin and improve the lives of more than 4,300 austinites who rely on that public housing.

more about rad







x


rsvp to event name

yesmaybe
















are you a haca resident?

yesno 




do you need child care?

yesno 



submit





find my rsvp for event name








we have to look up your rsvp in order to change it
find my rsvp





successfully rsvp-ed for event name
successfully updated rsvp for event name
thank you 
we have email-ed you a confirmation to 

change my rsvp




{"codes":{"err":"required fields missing","err2":"invalid email address","err3":"please select rsvp option","err4":"could not update rsvp, please contact us.","err5":"could not find rsvp, please try again.","err6":"invalid validation code.","err7":"could not create a rsvp please try later.","err8":"you can only rsvp once for this event.","err9":"your party size exceed available space.","err10":"your party size exceed allowed space per rsvp.","succ":"thank you for submitting your rsvp","succ_n":"sorry to hear you are not going to make it to our event.","succ_m":"thank you for updating your rsvp","succ_c":"great! we found your rsvp!"}}


 
 



x


































residents
landlords
locations
applicants
business opportunities
about
 
other sources:
aahc
shcc
austin pathways
blueprint


 follow us on social media: facebook, twitter, youtube, linkedin, flickr 

copyright ©2025 housing authority of the city of austin. all rights reserved.

		haca does not discriminate on the basis of disability status in admission or access to, or treatment or employment in, its federally assisted programs and activities.  the following person has been designated to coordinate compliance with the nondiscrimination requirements contained in hud’s regulations implementing section 504: compliance analyst, low income housing department, 1124 s. ih 35, austin, tx 78704, (512)477-4488: tty: (800) 735-2989 or 711 voice relay.





