



the mckenzie banner
































































welcome to our new web site!


          to give our readers a chance to experience all that our new website has to offer, we have made all 
          content freely avaiable, through october 1, 2018.
        

during this time, print and digital subscribers will not need to log in to view our stories or e-editions.



            got it
          













                tuesday, february 18, 2025              




 log in

              e-edition            

              subscribe            

              buy photos            

              contact us            



















mc kenzie, tn

                cloudy, 27°
                wind:  mph,               










toggle navigation





          main menu        
















                    news                     







general


opinion


school


people



general


opinion


school


people






                    sports                     







all sports


mckenzie rebels


huntingdon mustangs


west carroll war eagles


bethel wildcats



all sports


mckenzie rebels


huntingdon mustangs


west carroll war eagles


bethel wildcats






                    obits                                      









                    calendar                                      









                    public notices                     







matter of record


local public notices


statewide public notices


archives of statewide public notices



matter of record


local public notices


statewide public notices


archives of statewide public notices






                    e-edition                                      









                    subscribe                                      









                    submit forms                     







submit news


submit calendar event


submit birth announcement


submit obituaries


submit wedding announcement


submit anniversary announcment



submit news


submit calendar event


submit birth announcement


submit obituaries


submit wedding announcement


submit anniversary announcment






                    ads                     







browse classifieds


browse marketplace



browse classifieds


browse marketplace



















latest news




mckenzie banking company

‘your hometown bank since 1934’








fsb insurance becomes sunstar insurance tennessee





lifesaving donation

classrooms receive trauma bags







more headlines






								love finds a way							


							i pulled into mother’s driveway, my headlights sweeping the front of her house. it was my regular wednesday night visit to check and see how  …						




								four seconds is shorter than you think							


							a couple of friends got to talking about what they would do differently if they had their lives to live over. the conversation revolved around  …						




								rotary hears about land between the lakes							


							mckenzie (february 11) — members of the rotary club of mckenzie heard about the land between the lakes association during the weekly  …						








								mckenzie city council meets thursday							


							the mckenzie city council meets thursday, february 13 at 6 p.m. the following items are on the agenda: resolution 25-001 allowing the city of  …						




								west carroll school board members receive student-crafted gifts							


							atwood (february 6) — the west carroll special school district board of education met thursday in the cafeteria of the junior/senior high.  …						




								previewing lee’s 2025 state address							


							nashville (february 20) — tennessee gov. bill lee released the following excerpts ahead of his seventh state of the state address that will be  …						








								tennessee’s education emancipation bill: what it means for families							


							the tennessee general assembly is considering house bill 0552 (hb 0552), known as the family right to educational emancipation (free) act.  …						




								mckenzie special school district board meeting report							


							the mckenzie special school district (mssd) board convened this week to approve key infrastructure improvements, including middle school  …						




								hearts in harmony							


							valentine’s day is this weekend, how do you usually celebrate? in my lifetime it has varied — it’s been a romantic evening out, a  …						










				read more				


 




search




advanced search




this week's e-edition!


 


mckenzie banner february 11, 2025


view this issue



											browse other issues
									


browse marketplace


 


mckenzie banner marketplace 2-11-25


view this issue



											more special sections
									



















 












william milam, jr. honored as drum major for justice


							paris — william milam, jr., affectionately known as junior, was the recipient of the drum major for justice on martin luther king, jr. day.						






bethel university nursing program receives $335,450 workforce development grant


							bethel university has been awarded a $335,450 workforce development grant to expand and enhance its nursing program, a move aimed at addressing the growing demand for healthcare professionals in tennessee.						






mckenzie teachers honored


							the memory of mrs. cleo dudley webb, a beloved and longtime member of the community was honored by her daughter, dr. reo dudley edwards, a 1979 graduate of mckenzie high school.						






tbi investigating old west fire


							mckenzie (january 27) — local authorities, in collaboration with the tennessee bureau of investigation (tbi), are investigating a destructive fire that broke out during the night of tuesday, january 7 and continued into early wednesday morning at the old west steakhouse.						






chris springer named head football coach


							mckenzie (january 21) — bethel university hosted a press conference tuesday afternoon to announce the appointment of chris springer as the next wildcat head football coach.						












 








 






obituaries






walter v. winchester
mckenzie — funeral arrangements for walter winchester are incomplete. military funeral services for walter v. winchester will be at tennessee veterans cemetery at parkers crossroads later this  …



myrtle mae morris allen
myrtle mae morris allen died february 10, 2025, at crestwood medical center in huntsville, alabama. having been a resident of crown health care, fort payne, alabama after a diagnosis of  …



david wayne dunning
mr. david wayne dunning, 59, originally from gleason, tennessee, died  monday, february 3, 2025 in hospice care in jackson, tenn. after a long battle with cancer.  

 he was a resident of  …



betty forbess
mrs. betty forbess, 79, of huntingdon, tennessee,  died friday, february 14, 2025, at cherrywood nursing home in mckenzie. 

 funeral services are tuesday, february 18, 2025 at 1 p.m. in the  …



julia dorothea carroll
huntingdon, tenn. - mrs. julia dorothea carroll, 87, of huntingdon, tennessee, died monday, february 10, 2025, at huntingdon health and rehab. 

 mrs. julia carroll was born on april 29, 1937, in  …





			read more			








calendar of events






								calendar 2-18-25							


							black history program at webb school

carroll county martin luther king, jr. commemoration committee presents a black history celebration  …						




								calendar 2-11-25							


							one sound choir reunion at greater enon

a one sound choir reunion is sunday, march 23 at the 10 a.m. morning worship service a greater enon  …						




								lifeline blood services hosts annual ‘gift from the heart’ blood drive							


							lifeline blood services invites the community to participate in its annual “gift from the heart” blood drive, encouraging donors to give  …						




								calendar 2-4-25							


							upcoming dates, events

the following list of events was provided by carroll county chamber of commerce. specific information about events may  …						










				read more				


 















most recent special editions

health & wellness 2025







christmas greetings 2024







basketball guide 2024







spotlight on manufacturing 2024








				view more				
















community focus








living at lakeside news

							residents kicked off the new year with a gold-and-black décor happy noon year luncheon with all the fanfare of a midnight celebration. we did a countdown toast at noon with faux bubbly, sang auld lang syne and declared new years resolutions.						









mckenzie rotary club hears about west tennessee healthcare

							mckenzie (february 4) — tina prescott, president and ceo of west tennessee healthcare, was the featured speaker for the mckenzie rotary club. in recent months, west tennessee healthcare began managing henry county hospital.						









west tennessee healthcare expands dog therapy program to henry county hospital

							paris — west tennessee healthcare (wth) is expanding its dog therapy program to henry county hospital in paris, bringing the benefits of animal-assisted therapy to more patients in the region.						









rotary learns about tourism, growth opportunities from nwtn tourism

							mckenzie (january 28) — kasey muench of nwtn tourism association presented a program highlighting the impact of tourism on the local community and exploring opportunities for partnership to amplify this effect.						









the dixie carter performing arts center huntingdon celebrates ray smith’s legacy

							huntingdon (january 25) — the dixie carter performing arts center is marking a monumental milestone as it celebrates its 20th performance season this summer, thanks in part to the unwavering support of ray smith.						






			read more			


 






thank you for supporting this small business!





















































			view more			


 







sports





mckenzie high school sweeps west carroll





high school basketball

mckenzie sweeps milan on senior night








mckenzie high splits nailbiters with camden











								west carroll swept by clarksburg on senior night							


							atwood (february 10) — west carroll high school celebrated senior night monday prior to a pair of basketball contests against clarksburg. two  …						








								west carroll swept by bradford on homecoming							


							atwood (february 13) — west carroll high school celebrated homecoming thursday and hosted bradford for a pair of district basketball contests.  …						








								pate is mckenzie high school homecoming queen							


							mckenzie (february 7) — senior sophie pate was crowned mckenzie high school basketball homecoming queen friday during pregame festivities.						










				read more sports				


 






mckenzie rebels






rebel kd cunningham signs with kentucky wesleyan football
mckenzie (february 7) — mckenzie high school football standout kadarius (kd) cunningham will continue his gridiron career at kentucky wesleyan college. the senior was feted at a signing ceremony friday in the mhs theater, joined by family members, coaches, teammates, classmates, teachers and a plethora of supporters.








fillies, rebels win on huntingdon senior night
huntingdon (february 4) — huntingdon high school celebrated senior night tuesday, hosting mckenzie and honoring three senior cheerleaders and six senior players between basketball contests.








mckenzie splits wins on homecoming
mckenzie (february 7) — mckenzie high school celebrated homecoming friday, hosting houston county for a pair of consequential district basketball contests.








mckenzie’s scott signs with ut martin cheer
mckenzie (january 27) — mckenzie high school senior cheerleader laila scott signed to join the university of tennessee at martin’s cheer squad during a ceremony monday in the theater, joined by family, friends, teachers and fellow cheerleaders.









huntingdon mustangs






huntingdon middle school fillies win state championship
murfreesboro (february 1) — the huntingdon middle school fillies completed a trifecta for huntingdon middle school saturday at middle tennessee christian school as they defeated rickman 72-39 to win their first-ever state championship.








huntingdon sweeps mckenzie
mckenzie (january 27) — the storied rivalry continued monday as mckenzie high school hosted huntingdon for a pair of basketball contests, their first meeting of the season. the fillies pulled away in the second quarter en route to a 67-35 win. the rebels took an early lead, but the mustangs had the edge down the stretch to claim an 86-79 victory.








huntingdon basketball homecoming royalty
huntingdon (january 24) — (l to r): freshman representatives grier bartholomew, daughter of shane and julie bartholomew, escorted by colt wood, son of chad and cassie wood.








huntingdon adds wins on homecoming
huntingdon (january 24) — huntingdon high school celebrated basketball homecoming friday with a sweep of district opponent stewart county. the fillies amassed a sizable lead after three quarters, but had to hold off a late lady rebel rally for a 65-56 win. the mustangs started strong and cruised to a 91-58 victory.









 






opinion



						let a blind man show the way					


					walking the market place in downtown tegucigalpa, honduras, central america, i was assaulted by the cacophony of sounds—horns honking, salsa music blaring, people laughing, shouting, and talking.				





						a new joel					


					hard to believe we are already into the second month of 2025. january was action-packed with lots of changes, some good and some bad.				





						a dog of noble character					


					a pet of noble character who can find?				





						1/32 of an inch					


					dwight was older than me. 				





			read more			








people






kathy edwards honored with retirement reception in trezevant
trezevant (january 24) — kathy weatherford edwards was celebrated with a special reception to mark her retirement after nearly two decades of dedicated service to the town of trezevant.








willodean long celebrates 96th birthday
willodean long of trezevant celebrated her 96th birthday on january 15, at her home.








congetta’s chi-talian brings downtown mckenzie a taste of the windy city
a familiar name to those who frequent festivals and other outdoor events has taken root in downtown mckenzie.








overflow church honored for ‘celebrate recovery'
mckenzie — overflow church was honored by the tennessee department of mental health and substance abuse services (tdmhsas) and recognized as a certified recovery congregation.








carroll arts trivia bowl a success
mckenzie (january 18) — carroll arts held its 14th annual trivia bowl on saturday at the first cumberland presbyterian church in mckenzie.





			read more			










records






								mckenzie police reports							


							aggravated criminal trespassing —kenny r. mann, 53, hamilton street, mckenzie was charged with aggravated criminal trespassing and theft on  …						




								property transfers							


							william m. and jamie n. moore to deven and lacy rader in district 16.						








								marriage licenses							


							william robert gadd, jr., 65, of decatur, to sandra ann kneip arnold, 57, of atwood.						




								carroll county sheriff’s reports							


							simple assault — on february 13, a victim contacted the sheriff’s department regarding needing help after running over a dog that was in the  …						








								carroll county general sessions court							


							huntingdon (february 12) — the following cases were heard in carroll county general sessions court on february 12.						




								mckenzie police reports							


							dui — omar suzarez-cruz, 40, stallings road, dresden, was charged with dui-first offense, driver’s license required to be carried, financial  …						










				read more				


 






in our schools






								tcat awarded healthcare grant							


							dickson (january 31) — the tennessee college of applied technology (tcat) dickson has been awarded $160,750 through the tennessee department  …						








								rural schools, special education advocates raise concerns over education freedom act							


							the education freedom act, now law in tennessee, has sparked debate in the tennessee legislature and among rural educators, with special  …						








								tennessee’s $447m school voucher law now in effect							


							tennessee’s largest expansion of school vouchers is now law. governor bill lee has signed the $447 million program, opening 20,000  …						










				read more school news				


 






food






								recipes 2-18-25							


							cabbage soup

1 head of cabbage, chopped

3 medium carrots

1 polish sausage

1 teaspoon red pepper						








								recipes 2-11-25							


							banana split brownie pizza

box brownie mix

8 oz. cream cheese, softened

8 oz. crushed pineapple, drained						








								recipes 2-4-25							


							banana punch

4 cups sugar

6 cups water

6 bananas

juice of 2 lemons						










				read more				


 






general






								state settles with ncaa for student-athletes							


							nashville — tennessee attorney general jonathan skrmetti announced that a bipartisan coalition of states led by tennessee has reached a  …						




								gas prices decrease							


							tennessee (february 10) — average gasoline prices in tennessee decreased 6.0 cents per gallon in the last week, averaging $2.72/g today,  …						








								utia trade expert reappointed to agricultural policy advisory committee							


							knoxville — the university of tennessee institute of agriculture (utia) has announced the reappointment of andrew muhammad, an agricultural  …						




								west carroll elementary school celebrates outstanding students with soar awards							


							west carroll elementary school proudly upholds its tradition of celebrating exceptional students through the soar awards program. this  …						








								ut martin announces fall 2024 dean’s list							


							martin — the outstanding academic achievements of undergraduate students at the university of tennessee at martin have been honored with  …						




								nwtn tourism launches visitors guide							


							the northwest tennessee tourism association (nwtta) is proud to announce the release of the highly anticipated 2025 northwest tennessee visitors  …						








 






obituaries



						trannie elizabeth woodson					


					jackson, tenn.  - mrs. trannie elizabeth woodson, 86, of jackson, tennessee, died sunday, february 9, 2025, at jackson madison county general hospital. 

 funeral services were thursday,  …				





						ray hudgins					


					mclemoresville, tenn. - graveside funeral services for ray hudgins are friday, february 14, 2025, at mclemoresville cemetery at 1:30 p.m. the family will receive friends on friday, 11:00 a.m.  …				








						charlie paul massey					


					huntingdon, tenn. - mr. charlie paul massey, 85, of huntingdon, died sunday, february 9, 2025 at life care center of bruceton.
funeral services are 11 a.m. on saturday, february 15, 2025, in the chapel of dilday-carter funeral home. interment will follow at carroll memorial gardens. brother randy thompson officiating.				





						peggy ann webb					


					mrs. peggy ann webb, 90, of huntingdon, tennessee died thursday, february 06, 2025 at her home. 

 funeral services were saturday, february 8, 2025 at shiloh missionary baptist church. interment  …				





						paul burns					


					mr. paul burns, 83, of westport, tennessee died thursday, february 6, 2025 at harmony hill assisted living residence. 

 funeral services are in the chapel of chase funeral home on tuesday,  …				





						betty jean kee					


					jeffersonville, indiana - funeral services for betty jean kee are tuesday, february 11, 2025, at brummitt mckenzie funeral home at 11:30 a.m. the family will receive friends on tuesday, 10 a.m. until  …				





						betty sue fuller					


					atwood, tenn. - funeral services for betty sue fuller are wednesday, february 5, 2025, at 2 p.m. at brummitt mckenzie funeral home. the family will receive friends on wednesday, 11 a.m. until  …				





						terry lloyd smith					


					terry lloyd smith, formerly of mckenzie, died on january 18, 2025. terry spent twenty-five years working for allstate with his father and brother. he was age 57. he was preceded in death by his  …				








						elmer m. broach,					


					paris— elmer m. broach, 93, of paris, tennessee died on friday, january 31, 2025 at patriot health and rehab center. his funeral service is 1:00 p.m. tuesday, february 4, 2025 at mcevoy funeral  …				





						michael david ridgely					


					trezevant, tenn. -  a celebration of life for michael david ridgely is sunday, february 2, 2025, at mclemoresville baptist church. the family will receive friends at the church from 2:00 p.m. to  …				





						helen louise (washburn) moore					


					camden (formerly mckenzie, tenn.) - mrs. louise moore, 87, of camden, tennessee, formerly of mckenzie, tennessee, died friday, january 31, 2025, at jackson madison county general hospital. 

 the  …				





						verlene (nanny) arnold					


					mckenzie, tenn.  - funeral services for verlene (nanny) arnold were at brummitt mckenzie funeral home on january 27, 2025.  burial was at mt. olivet cemetery, mckenzie.  

  …				





						ruth carol savage					


					huntingdon, tenn. - mrs. ruth carol savage, 66, of huntingdon, died saturday, january 25, 2025 at her residence. 

 memorial visitation was at dilday-carter funeral home on wednesday, january 29,  …				





						sonya marie coleman					


					humboldt, tenn. -  funeral services for sonya marie coleman are at brummitt mckenzie funeral home on saturday, february 1, 2025, at 11 a.m.  

 visitation will be at the funeral home on  …				





						lottye ruth choate					


					mckenzie, tenn. - funeral services for lottye ruth choate are saturday, february 1, 2025, at 3 p.m. at brummitt mckenzie funeral home. 

 the family will receive friends at the funeral home on  …				





			read more			









facebook



our photo galleries








rebels end historic season with semifinal loss














rebels make history with first state tournament win























rebels cruise to finals, mustangs eliminated in thriller




							 

 

 

 

 

 

 						












fillies, lady rebels eliminated















							 

 

 

 

 						












mckenzie rebels earn state tournament berth with sectional win













							 

 

 

 						






			view more photo galleries			


 










advanced search








log in


				log in				


 




 






 









            3 banner rowmckenzie, tn 38201
1-731-352-3323



sections


                    news                  
                    sports                  
                    obits                  
                    calendar                  
                    public notices                  
                     e-edition                  
                    subscribe                  
                    submit forms                  
                    ads                  




services


advertising rates


contact us


report news


subscribe




connect with us












          © copyright 2025 the mckenzie banner | 
          copyright/terms of use


powered by creative circle media solutions











