




 






















































696 winsted roadtorrington, ct 06790
							860-496-rent

860-496-7368



northwest connecticut's most complete rental destination for over 50 years
monday-friday 8-5, saturday 7:30-5, sunday 7:30 'til 12 noon



search:




 

home
parties & events

column-1

tents
tables & chairs
linens
china
flatware
glassware
serving needs
cooking needs & grills
dance floor & stage
concessions
inflatables & games
audio & visual
additional party rentals
tent lighting & décor
tent accessories
golf carts
idea gallery
testimonials




equipment & tools

column-1

automotive
carpet & household cleaning
compaction tools
compressors
concrete & cutting equipment
demolition
excavation equipment
floor care & sanding
floor installation
generators
hand & power tools
heat & propane
ladders & scaffolding
material lifts
landscaping & tree work
miscellaneous tools
moving
painting tools
plumbing
pressure washers
pumps
surveillance




resale
blog
policies and procedures

column-1

party policies
equipment policies




about us
contact us
 
 



more than a rental center,
we're an idea center





still the same, just a new name
for over half a century, people knew us as taylor rental.  during the summer of 2019, after a corporate buy out of our managing co-op we decided to go rogue and leave corporate america to continue to be the trusted local rental experts the northwest corner has come to know and trust.  no change in management, location, service, or hours.  we’re still the same, just with a new name.







cost effective alternative to dj’s
so you’re planning your event. you’ve got the food. you know where you’re having it. your guest list is all made out, and now you’re thinking about entertainment.
read more






welcome to expert rental’s virtual home

 

why rent from expert rental?  quality rentals, dependable reservations, no hidden costs.  just up front pricing, rental project advice, operating instructions and courteous service, 7 days a week.  don’t forget…. the price is the price!  we never charge damage waiver, which can add up to 10%-15% or more to your rental cost.
 


 



 
 








2025 wedding & special event season
preparations for the 2025 wedding & special event season are just getting underway but with planning comes the security of knowing what your budget looks like and that your needs are taken care of.  we will be happy to reserve to whatever your anticipated numbers, and refine your order as menus and guest counts and event plans are firmed up closer to the date.  keep in mind that some late spring / early summer weekends fill in completely ….. a small reservation deposit is required to book and hold your order.  our 2025 pricing has not been finalized yet but will have that posted as soon as possible.
give us a call and we’ll be happy to schedule you in for a personal (and free!) consultation.  we’ve got decades of experience to put to work for you, and certified event rental professionals on staff to help guide your planning.  call and schedule your appointment today!











around the town with experts
ct cactus & succulent
society
40th annual
show & sale

saturday, april 12th – 10:00am – 5:00pm
sunday, april 13th –  10:00am – 4:00pm
bristol senior community center
240 stafford avenue, bristol, ct











join us for the 40th annual connecticut cactus and succulent show, a vibrant celebration of nature’s most resilient plants! whether you’re a seasoned collector or just curious about these unique flora, this event has something for everyone.  view award winning specimens, attend informative lectures, and have a chance to ask the experts for tips on care and propagation. browse an array of vendors offering rare species, artistic pots, and plant-related treasures. don’t miss the chance to connect with fellow enthusiasts and take home a piece of the desert right to your home. dive into the world of cacti and succulents—your green thumb will thank you!










admission is free! free plant to first 50 families each day!  free lectures and demonstrations.




 
 



















© 2025 expert rental of torrington.
 
 
 



 
