








ricks - ricks sugar bush & supply













































ricks sugar bush & supply7750 van dyke road (m-53) cass city, mi 48726 (989) 325-2767  


testimonials
about
contact
ricks
history
shop
 
 





 
 
 






ricks sugar bush & supply7750 van dyke road (m-53) cass city, mi 48726 (989) 325-2767 








 



  



welcome to ricks sugar bush and supply 
*best of show michigan maple syrup association*
let our family make your life sweeter!
enter our sugar bush store
at ricks, we have real maple syrup does not contain high fructose corn syrup. real maple syrup does not contain artificial flavors. real maple syrup does not contain preservatives. there are really not any substitutes for real maple syrup. why? because real maple syrup is all natural, produced by boiling sap from a maple tree to concentrate the sugar. we’ve been doing this for hundreds of years here in the midwest. not only does maple syrup taste better than other sweeteners, research indicates that there are even health benefits to maple syrup, as it has been found to contain compounds with anti-oxident and anti-inflammatory properties.
keep it real. keep it pure. enjoy real maple syrup

rick’s is a dominion and grimm and marcland products equipment dealer who has an extensive listing of sugaring equipment and supplies that are available for sap extraction and maple syrup processing.
 wanted used evaporators and maple sugaring equipment.
welcome to rick’s sugar bush & supply. we have made it convenient for you to purchase fresh, pure michigan maple syrup directly from our website’s on-line store, and have it delivered directly to your doorstep. if you prefer to pick it up yourself our address is:
rick’s sugar bush and supply is a member of the michigan maple syrup association, we are family owned and operated and have been making maple syrup since 1994
if you need more information on our products and services,
contact us by e-mail at sales@rickssugarbushandsupply.com
 or fill out our information request form.
rick’s sugar bush & supply
7750 van dyke road (m-53)
cass city, mi 48726
(989) 325-2767
email  ricks sugar bush and supply









 





		        		© [2017] [ricks sugar bush and supply] [contact ricks for info]		        	









username or email address


password

 remember me


 





testimonials
about
contact
ricks
history
shop
 


 call now

 

