 


firemans chore:  denim firefighter job jackets and chore coats indianapolis indiana usa











 






















a firefighter owned company since 2004
made in the usa
"the original"















on station










denim chore job jackets










quilted jackets & vest










job shirt










firemans chore logo shirt










embroidery/ flags/ names










iaff embroidery










indianapolis fire items










fools chapters










photo album










firefighting links










customer service










who we are










denim & washing info

















firemans chore® jacket company is your "one stop shop" 





  firemans chore® jacket co. inc. is located in indianapolis, indiana offering you the "original" denim chore and diamond quilted job jackets made in the usa.  a firefighter owned and operated company since 2004, we bring you a line of traditonal firefighters jackets that can't be beat for style and comfort.
 
 
 
serving firefighters for 20 years
2004 - 2024
our email scott@firemanschore.com no longer works. please use our new email firemanschore@gmail.com 
 
firefighter job shirts  only $29.99
to order click on the job shirt tab from our main menu on the left or just click on image above
 
be safe, be well, and know that we are grateful for your support of our small business  
 
the firemans chore team
 
 



 


 
 if you are comming in for fdic indianapolis, order your jacket by march 29th and you can pick it up while you are in town during the week.   visiour office will be closed
  we will be closed for spring break starting wednesday march 26 thru monday april 6. no orders will be processed or shipped during this period. if your coming in for fdic indianapolis, please stop by our booth 125.  was  was to re o
#getyourchoreon
 
  
  
 
become a fan on facebook
 
     
thank you for making us america's #1 firefighters jacket.
 
  "be american, buy american, a truly american firefighters jacket"

"do it in denim"
"we don't offer hundreds of jacket styles like some, only the one's you want!" 
makes a great gift for any firefighter



on or off duty jacket



top 10 responders



promotion



retirement



birthday



usar task force members



ems / emt / paramedics



fools chapters



fire buffs & collectors



 







     
our jackets have shipped to 50 states in the usa, baghdad, canada, czech rebublic, england, finland, france, germany, scotland and ireland.
take a look at what some of our customers are saying.


"best fdny chauffeur coat around...old timers around the job have seen this coat and say it is exactly, if not better, than what they were issued.  this coat is definately in demand."    john, fdny new york


"wow...better than i ever expected...great coat...i am glad i spent the money...i dont think i will ever find such a nice work coat.  i am impressed!"  andrew, south lyon michigan


"very nice jackets.  built in the usa"  kevin, riverside california


"i got my coat, just before we had record low temps here in maryland.  i just wanted to say that this is the warmest coat i have ever worn.  it blocked the 40 mph wind and kept me warm.  thank you for providing an excellent product and customer service."  robert,  baltimore maryland


"nice firefighters' work jacket, big hit at work"  kevin,  mansfield massachusetts 


"the jacket is great...i gave it a couple of washings and have been wearing it pretty much ever since...it's incredibly comfortable and functional"  tim, tigard oregon


"i have wanted one of these for a long time, and after drooling over them at fdic, i get what i want"  william, richmond kentucky


"i'm a firefighter in the state of rhode island.  i was ecstatic when i found your web page and ordered a job jacket"  dan, willington connecticut


"hey! we received the first order and the guys love them"  clyde, chambersburg pennsylvania


"thanks for the way you handled our order and we hope to do more business with you in the future"  wes, lexington, kentucky rescue co. 1


   on behalf of myself and the other guys from munhall 5 who ordered chore coats, i would like to thank you for the incredible service that you and your company provided to us through out the entire process.  we received the jackets about 10 days after ordering them.  our design was not standard, however you managed to duplicate the exact design we had in mind.  every coat was right on.  the name tags, company tags, sizes, everything.  not to mention the coats are of exceptional quality and the firemans chore insignia and buttons add a nice touch.  firemans chore provides customers with a fantastic product, one on one attention, and lighting fast service.  i would recommend your company to anyone looking for a great chore coat.  captain t.c. shipley, munhall company 5, munhall, pennsylvania 


"i just wanted to thank you for the great job on my jacket.  it was everything i expected.  the timeing was perfect as well.  thank you again.  i would highly recommend your company."  chief telep, lodi new jersey 



 
 copyright © 2004 - 2025 firemans chore®, inc.  all rights reserved.  
indianapolis, in 46217

firemans chore®, the firemans chore® logo are registered trademarks of firemans chore corporation in the united states and other countries.  iaff®, fdny®, ebay®, and other parties trademarks or service marks are the property of their respective owners and should be treated as such.
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 



 we will be closed for spring break starting wednesday march 26 thru monday april 6. no orders will be processed or shipped during this period. if your coming in for fdic indianapolis, please stop by our booth 125. we will be closed for spring break starting wednesday march 26 thru monday april 6. no orders will be processed or shipped during this period. if your coming in for fdic indianapolis, please stop by our booth 125. we will be closed for spring break starting wednesday march 26 thru monday april 6. no orders will be processed or shipped during this period. if your coming in for fdic indianapolis, please stop by our booth 125. folks we have sold out all of our jackets for the holidays. this morning i received a call that my mother had passed away. i am truly sorry for any jackets we did not get shipped in time for christmas. we are a small family business and family comes first! we will remain closed until after the new year. thanks for your patients and understanding in this difficult time. god bless and merry christmas. 





 
   



powered by shoppingcartsplus.com webstore builder
















