


















manchester new hampshire spa | manchester nh chill spa

























































603.622.3722



facebook





instagram




rss


  








book now
services
about

awards
meet the team


testimonials
shop

gift cards


contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 










fueling your mind, body & soul with goodness.
book your chill time






home of the highest rated spa manchester, new hampshire has to offer

read our reviews



look, feel & be your best with just a little bit of chill time



















listen to the podcast archive or listen live!







honored to be your award-winning spa
grateful to be chosen “best spa” & best place “where they make your nails look fabulous!”











































view all of our awards









gift certificates
give the gift of some chill time!
buy now!














corrective solutions
corrective treatments for face and body








spray tan
a beautiful & healthy sun-kissed glow in less than 5 minutes








hair






corrective treatments for face and body










 











all chill services








 
learn more







subscribe to our newsletter
for updates and special offers




email(required)


 






























corrective treatments for face and body
a beautiful & healthy sun-kissed glow in less than 5 minutes
corrective treatments for face and body
for skin spots of concern, please contact a medical professional for both treatment and prevention of skin cancer.

 
need a dermatologist?
we recommend sarit itenberg, d.o. at northeast dermatology associates.
“dr. itenberg has helped me with all of my medical skin concerns – highly recommend!” ~crissy 
got sweat problems? northeast dermatology offers miradry®, making excessive sweating treatment as easy as one, two, three. using thermal energy, this procedure targets and eliminates sweat and odor glands located under your arm, easily reducing your underarm moisture.
“i love this procedure! it helped me with my sweat issues.” ~crissy
looking for a manchester new hampshire spa? look no further than the chill spa. come join the chill universe and uncover all the incredible options that we offer here. as soon as you step into our healing environment, we want you to feel at ease in every way. mind, body, and soul. let your trouble melt away and leave your stress at the door. our goal is to fill your cup and leave you better than we found you. we are honored to have been awarded “best of the 603” in 2022 thanks to your belief in our mission and team. we believe that you are beautiful, but we would love to enhance your effortlessness, beauty, style, and well-being. you can also share the love and buy gift certificates for someone you believe needs to chill out. whatever your visitation holds, you will leave happier and healthier than ever before.
what kind of services can we offer you here at chill spa? we offer a wide variety of services from corrective solutions for your face and body to hair treatments to bring you healthy glowing hair, and even spray tans for those who want to bring a little pop of color to their skin. all the chill services are here for your convenience and ease. we believe in enhancing natural beauty and filling your soul to the brim. if you need a recharge visit, manchester new hampshire spa, chill, and get the recharge that you need oh so badly.
chill has exactly what you are looking for and so much more. if you don’t know where to start in your revitalizing journey, let one of our helpful team members know and they can guide you down the path to feeling your best and rejuvenating your mind body, and soul. get the complete spa experience you dream of. if you would like to feel and look your best, we suggest a little chill time. not only do we offer incredible services, but we also offer tons of shopping experiences. we offer several different products that you can browse through while you are waiting for your spa treatment. from breakout boxes for those stubborn, inconvenient, pimples to soap, facial wipes, bath bombs, and even apparel. we want you to have the entire chill experience when you visit the manchester new hampshire spa.
are you looking for a beauty-enhancing experience? no problem at all. we can also help those ladies that just want little extra pop in their life. we do lashes and brows, makeup for events and special occasions, manicures and pedicures, hair, and spray tans. something we find extra special about spray tans is the fact that there are no premature aging properties found in the formula. this means that this is an incredible opportunity to swap the harmful rays of the sun for an alternative tanning option, wrinkle-free. manchester new hampshire spa has your best interest in mind, so we will share these little facts with you so you can become your most calm and best self.
not fitting into the female category? no problem at all because we even have services directed towards men. we believe that “real men chill.” if you are a man looking for some chill time and need to revive your tired mind, come down to manchester new hampshire spa, chill, and get that relaxation that you need. our spa is welcome to all, not just women, we welcome our male clients as well. massages for sore muscles, cleansing and restoring facials, and several hair removal options. our services are completely customizable to your needs. come in to take a look at what we can offer you and leave feeling better than ever before.
is now the perfect time to get that chill moment in? if you have had a hard time, finding a second to relax, come into the highest-rated manchester new hampshire spa. the chill spa will provide a comfortable and relaxing environment for you to completely melt away the day, and dive into another world for complete relaxation and revival. by being extremely passionate about all the services we offer we can spread positivity and kindness throughout the spa. just being in our spa and feeling the welcoming environment can revitalize you in seconds. if you have been desiring that true connection back to mind, body and spirit come to find yourself at chill spa.
let us pamper you here at chill spa. we know that you work extremely hard every single day but we want to work hard for you. let us create an experience for you the is unlike any other. let us connect you back to your body and spirit with a relaxing massage or a luxurious facial. our aesthetic solutions to all your skin problems are natural and straightforward. we believe that ingredients matter more than anything. this is why we always use the highest quality ingredients that will nourish and feed your skin and leave you glowing. we believe that your inner glow should shine through so let us help make that happen with our healing treatments.
come in today for your chill experience. complete your health and well-being by connecting your inner self to your outer beauty. book your appointment today and take the next steps on your revival journey. 



 










facebook





instagram




rss




							© 2025 chill spa. all rights reserved. | sitemap

 

 
 
 


















book nowservicesabout▼awardsmeet the teamtestimonialsshop▼gift cardscontact us 


































