












freeman landscape irrigation nursery wilmington north carolina















































home
about
gallery
careers
contact











offices at mayfaire 


live oak bank 


seapath estates 


downtown wilmingtonnorth 3rd street


wilmington convention center 











the largest privately owned landscape and irrigation firm in eastern north carolina,
freeman landscape inc. has been in business since 1992—and our roots reach back more than six decades. we service residential, commercial and municipal clients with full landscape and irrigation design, installation and maintenance services—and are the only landscape company with its own nursery supplying mature trees and shrubs for our projects with no wait whatsoever.
call us to talk about your home or project.



landscape services

freeman landscape works with homeowners, general contractors and developers, providing landscape design and implementation, with a reputation of bringing projects in on time and on budget, while maintaining the utmost quality.
for more than 20 years, freeman landscape has provided design and landscape services for private and municipal projects, working with city and county planners across eastern north carolina to meet their respective planning codes for permitting. we offer bonding capabilities for clients who require it.
 
“the combination of getting everything planted, combining the trees, shrubs and grass, and finally keeping everything alive throughout the summer has resulted in a campus equal to what we had envisioned, and let me say our expectations were high. we are very happy.” 
– lee williams, live oak bank 



irrigation services

unlike most landscape companies, we have four full crews dedicated to irrigation installation, along with all crew leaders with a minimum of twelve years of experience with freeman landscape. 
we can also handle trouble-shooting, servicing and maintenance of your existing irrigation system. from smart controllers to sensors, misters, sprayers and rotors, our crew stays up to date on the latest technologies and water-saving features, as well as the constantly changing regulations in the field.



maintenance services

at freeman landscape, we provide lawn and landscape maintenance services to wilmington and southeastern north carolina, including but not limited to:

mowing, trimming and edging—choose a schedule that suits your needs, from every week to every once in a while.
pruning—seasonal maintenance to make your plants and trees as healthy and handsome as possible.
fertilization—adding necessary nutrients in the proper amounts at the proper time can maximize the beauty and health of your turf and plants.
weed & pest control—environmentally safe solutions to keep your lawn and garden free of both types of nuisances.
seasonal plantings—adding a dash of color and embracing seasonal changes can infuse your landscaping with new life and an exciting new look.

at freeman landscape, inc we are able to send the right team for your need. from two-man crews on smaller properties to six-man crews or larger, our maintenance teams are specially trained and equipped for specialized residential and commercial projects. our dedicated maintenance department is equipped with the best available equipment and training to keep landscapes in pristine condition.













get started now »
our mission statement is also our daily creed
freeman landscape, inc. is a full-service landscape company that constantly strives to provide our customers with the best quality products and services at competitive prices, while maintaining a consistently higher level of customer service than any of our competitors. this is accomplished by providing quality services and customer service that are second to none.
apply now

910.796.1166   robin@freemanlandscape.com   |   4333 gordon rd wilmington, nc 28405©2025 freeman lawncare   



















