






ferro, kuba, mangano, p.c.

































 










home
testimonials
contact
menu 



about the firm
attorney profiles

partners

william v. ferro
lance e. kuba
kenneth e. mangano


associates

michael manolakis
natalie guillaume
jacob rudman
luke m. kuba




areas of practice

personal injury
real estate
criminal defense
corporate services


verdicts & settlements
trial services
news

news articles
radio


community
menu 






you need a winning strategy
the right team is crucial
there's no substitute for experience
being responsive is essential
results matter











real estate
commercial & residential real estate attorneys, commercial financing, lending and leasing law learn more
personal injury
legal expertise in medical malpractice, construction/labor law, lead poisoning, nursing home negligence learn more
criminal defense
our team of lawyers have expertise in felony matters, misdemeanors, dwi, and traffic matters. when charged with a crime, trust fkm. learn more
corporate services
expertise in business law including purchase and sale of businesses, commercial litigation including contract law, and more learn more
trial services

super lawyers.
superior outcomes.
“the firm that take the verdicts.” proven success as litigators, leading choice for countless law firms. learn more
listen to william ferro on the radio
watch william ferro and lance e. kuba on video
ferro, kuba, manganocomprehensive experience, professionalism, and a hands on approach that leads to successful outcomes, these are the characteristics that have differentiated ferro, kuba, mangano for over 20 years. the law firm specializes in real estate, personal injury, litigation, criminal defense, and corporate law, in manhattan, and on long island. at fkm our partners and our entire team are extremely responsive, highly skilled, creative, hard working and persuasive.
 










			long island: 631.581.9494  |  manhattan: 212.244.7676  |  attorney advertising  |  site: b+fpara la versión en español del sitio, visite liga de justicia 

































