







ylc – standing up for children at risk



















































home
about
our work
resources
news
events
media resources
support us
donate

























email jennifer
please send an email to info@ylc.org with your name, contact information and a message. we will respond as soon as possible.









email youth law center
please send an email to info@ylc.org with your name, contact information and a message. we will respond as soon as possible.









thanks for your interest in applying for an opportunity with youth law center
you may upload up to three files (doc, docx, pdf) with your application for the  position. no file should exceed 2 mb in size.

 




























δ












tell people about ylc

























join our mailing list!






about
our work
resources
news
events
media resources
support us
 


donate
















in the news
the new york times magazine
youth law center was mentioned in a new york times magazine feature article, "what happened when america emptied its youth prisons: lessons from a radical 20-year experiment and a quiet triumph of public policy."
learn more




our impact
read about our work
youth law center actively works to transform foster care and juvenile justice systems to ensure that experiences in these systems are a moment in time, rather than a life sentence, for children.
learn more




event recap
advocacy, justice, hope
read about our 45th anniversary event and check out the photo gallery + a bonus video from the festivities!
learn more




in the news
the sacramento bee
youth law center's kristina tanner discusses california governor newsom's investment in the future of youth in foster care in new op-ed 
learn more




press release
 disability rights tennessee, sanford heisler sharp, and the youth law center file lawsuit against tennessee for illegal and unconstitutional neglect and mistreatment of vulnerable youth 
read the release now.
learn more




report
on the threshold of change
read the report and watch the companion film here
learn more







our mission
the youth law center advocates to transform foster care and juvenile justice systems across the nation so every child and youth can thrive.








we advocate for children as if they are our own
our values are guided by:
knowledge of the law, research and the facts on the ground.
integrity to do what is best for our clients regardless of financial or social consequences to ourselves, and to be deserving of the trust of our supporters and clients.
commitment to pursue solutions urgently and relentlessly.
respect for the individuality of children and families and their potential to thrive, and respect for the efforts of those who strive to serve them.
about the youth law center









we advocate for truly child-focused systems
our work aims to ensure children are not only protected from harm and dangerous conditions, but also receive the support, opportunities and love they need to grow up healthy and happy. for decades we have led the field to transform systems to be truly child-focused and research informed through litigation, policy reform, media advocacy, collaborative system change projects, training and advice, and public education.
learn more






resources for advocates


the youth law center is committed to sharing advocacy resources, information, and tools that can improve the quality of life and opportunities for youth in foster care and the juvenile justice system. our goal is to strengthen the field through knowledge, and increase the impact of those who are working on change for our children and youth.



newsfeed



resourcelibrary








recent news




february 7, 2025                                
the youth law center is unwavering in our mission

the youth law center’s work has always required keeping one foot in...
more





january 31, 2025                                
1/29/25 from the new york times magazine: "what happened when america emptied its youth prisons: lessons from a radical 20-year experiment and a quiet triumph of public policy"

the youth law center was mentioned in a new york times magazine...
more





december 27, 2024                                
help the youth law center pursue advocacy, justice, and hope for children

the youth law center is committed to ending the criminalization, institutionalization, and...
more







there’s not a minute where children can afford not to be parented
justice for children is in loving parenting. when children are not with family, there must be a sense of urgency to ensure they are receiving the love, nurturing and support every child needs and deserves. join us in fighting for justice for children and youth in the foster care and juvenile justice systems.



donate



subscribe



share












“when i was in a group home i was taught to believe that there was no one who would be willing to take care of me as a parent. that this group home was all i had. i have accomplished a lot since then. i’d give everything up if i could go back and have some real family. if i could have parents.”
sade daniels,
                                                    foster care activist, spoken word artist, former foster youth













about us
staff
media resources
contact us
job opportunities
terms of use
diversity, equity & inclusion



   

youth law center is a tax exempt organization. view our tax documents.

                832 folsom street, #700
                san francisco, ca 94107
                (415) 543-3379
            
©2025 youth law center























