








#1 best cemetery headstones monuments markers & memorials






















































































home
company

about us
faq
d2 memorial cleaner
headstone prices
customer reviews
videos
customer survey
privacy policy
schlitzberger blog


design

monument designs
monument styles
monument finishes
granite colors
epitaphs for memorials


monuments

cemetery monuments
single upright
upright monuments
hearts & crosses
contemporary
slant monuments
jewish monuments
asian monuments
benches
mausoleums
columbariums
cremation memorials
custom headstones


markers

cemetery grave markers
single markers
double deep markers
companion markers
bronze markers
ledger markers
jewish markers
baby markers
pet memorials


statuary

statuary
bronze statuary
marble statuary
granite statuary


commercial
contact
 


select page


  
 
 



























































































schlitzberger & daughters monument co., houston, texas
craftsmen of the finest cemetery headstones, monuments, markers and memorials

schlitzberger and daughters monument co., we pride ourselves on our personal and caring service, and we offer a wide range of knowledge and experience to help you create the perfect cemetery headstones or memorials for your family or loved one. our goal is to provide a superior memorial, which your family can take pride in for generations to come. we create art for the most special reason that anyone ever could – to commemorate and celebrate lives.
the schlitzberger family has been crafting cemetery headstones, headstones for graves, monuments and memorials since 1922; it is our family’s heritage and our passion. we are a full service custom memorial company that offers a wide range of products and services directly to the public. we produce quality granite, marble, and bronze memorials; we work with top-quality granite quarries, which gives us the ability to offer custom shapes and sizes, and the full spectrum of colors. the cemetery headstones and memorials are sandblasted and etched here at our houston facility.
all of our cemetery headstones, monuments and markers may be customized with emblems, etchings, porcelain photos, and epitaphs. we can provide emblems and designs that depict hobbies, civic and/or fraternal activities, and images of religious belief, including catholic, jewish, christian, buddhist, and muslim faiths. we also have a team of skilled and experienced professionals that offer in-field sandblasting work such as adding names, dates, epitaphs and additional design.
cemetery headstones for a grave or memorial are a gift that will last forever and will be viewed by family members and friends for generations to come. let us help you with a memorial that is appropriate, personal and affordable.
schlitzbergers is also a top choice for commercial services; we provide sandblasted or etched signage for residences, businesses and organizations. custom signage may be done either at our production facility and delivered, or produced on site.
be sure to browse our headstone quotes and sayings (epitaphs) for headstones and grave markers. these memorable epitaphs by schlitzberger serve as an everlasting tribute to a departed loved one.















schlitzbergers now offers d/2 biological solution
d2 has been named as the preferred cleaner for cleaning memorials and historic cemetery headstones. the u.s. department of veterans affairs is tasked with the regular maintenance of more than 3.5 million white marble headstones nationwide. based on recommendations resulting from a six-year study conducted by the national park service, d/2 has been selected as the preferred cleaner for maintaining these memorials to our country’s fallen heroes. we now offer quarts and gallons of d2 biological solution for cleaning memorials. we sell this product in our houston office.

“i can not believe how wonderful the monuments are now that you have cleaned them! they look perfect to me! your work is superb! do express to the ones that did the work how very pleased i am. now i must get busy & decide about what my family & i want for my monument so you can do it. thank you again for continuing the excellence established years ago!”
schlitzberger & daughters client

more information









view our portfolio of cemetery headstones, monuments, markers and memorials








monuments








markers










statues








commercial












































only the best granites

we use only the best granites to design and build the finest memorials.








award winning designs

nationally certified and winner of many prestigious awards








best customer service

personalized and attentive customer service is our trademark








we sell direct to the public

we offer our products and services direct to the public at reasonable prices.









testimonials
what people are saying
our customers are our best salespeople and much of our new business comes from referrals.







very positive experience. maria was most cooperative and worked with me throughout the process. she was patient and understanding, and always ready to give me encouragement. i would most definitely recommend schlitzbergers to anyone!
happy schlitzberger client





i could not be happier with the monument i chose!!!!! it is absolutely beautiful and much more than i expected to find anywhere!!!!!! i wasted no time going to see it since it was installed this week! tomorrow would have been mine and norm’s 61st anniversary! perfect timing!! i feel so blessed i found your company and it has all been a delight dealing with you all! each person i’ve dealt with has been so lovely and like family!
happy schlitzberger client







excellent. lea was very patient, sympathetic and professional with me. i live in dallas, so we had to handle it all by phone and email. from my initial inquiry, to sample markers, pricing options, paperwork, proof approval, coordinating with the cemetery, lea made it comfortable for me the whole way. my wife’s granite and engraving is exactly as her family wanted it to be. i had talked with 2 other memorial providers, before finding s&d’s website…. and your service and pricing was the best. i do not see how my experience could have been made any better. thank you, again.
happy schlitzberger client





i was very pleased with the pleasant and professional courtesy i received from maria during a stressful time in my life. having the monument delivered and installed even sooner than expected was a blessing in the lives of my entire family and i. thank you all so very much.
happy schlitzberger client







more customer reviews








let us help you

if you have questions, please feel free to call or email us.

contact us









the schlitzberger family has been creating the finest memorials, monuments, and crafted stonework since 1922. 



locations

houston main office6859 lawndalehouston, texas 77023
telephone (713) 926-1785toll free (800) 460-1159facsimile (713) 926-1787
la marque sales office2501 mainla marque, texas 77568
 



office hours

houston office hours






monday through friday

9:00 am to 4:00 pm







saturday-sunday

closed






la marque office hours






by appointment only

call (713) 926-1785






see contact page for holiday closures





important notices:

schlitzberger & daughters monument company does not install outside of the greater houston-galveston area and surrounding counties.
schlitzberger & daughters monument company does not ship monuments out of texas.
due to the differing requirements of cemeteries, and the parameters of size, material, and items such as vases, photos and medallions, you must contact schlitzberger & daughters monument company for pricing information.




 









copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved - wizardswebs design llc |  links



followfollowfollowfollowfollow



 





























