


bb list - second hand, pre-owned, used film, tv & video broadcast equipment sales 
















bb list film & broadcast my.bb dashboard submit a new listing fetch new listings reduced listingsbb sections 

av
catering
film & broadcast
ham radio
music
photographic


   4⁑34pm (bb list local time)



 

 



  


welcomeguestregister forgot your password?
login to bb list: click here for secure login...

fetch new listings reduced listings submit a new listing


 

 home 
 equipment list   my.bb   equipment  

    item number  

 
  submit a new listing | browse equipment categories | search by country | 2 days | 7 days | 14 days | 21 days | 28 days | reduced | modified | wanted
  submit a new listing | transactions | messages | favourites | live listings | for sale | wanted | suspended | cancelled | sold | all listings | pending | my details | my money
  
  selling an item | buying an item | payment protection service | commission | terms and conditions | vat | bb tips | faqs | video guides | cookies | links | contact us
'since 1993. the market place for sales of good, used professional audio, broadcast, film, photographic, television, radio and video equipment'



 

bb list my.bb dashboard - second hand, pre-owned, used film, tv & video broadcast equipment sales 


 
equipment listview all equipmentnew listings7 days | 2 days
recently reduced kit
search by...item numberkeywordnavigate tomy.bbsubmit a new listingmy messagesmy live listingsmy transactionsmy detailsmy escrow accountcontact us skype:bazzabazaar 



rss feedsnew itemsreduced itemsbb list on twitterbb list on facebookbb list on instagramterms of trade v1.31_r12344 feb 2025


these are today's most popular equipment categories on bb list:
audio radio microphonesaudio microphonesvideo cameras - hdaudio recordersaudio location mixers

lightingcases and bagsvideo camerastripodsvideo monitors

lenses videolensesvideo distributionaudio miscellaneousbatteries and chargers

lenses filmmiscellaneousvideo recorders and playersfilm miscellaneousvideo cameras - dvcam/dvcpro


view all equipment categories  -|-  view all equipment listings  -|-  sell your surplus gear!





 






















loading...
















we can help you sell your surplus kit - we have buyers waiting for monitors, tripods, cameras, mixers, radio mics, lights, filters, grips gear, underwater gear, and it does not stop there! it does not matter how bizarre or obscure the gear, it sells here on bb list!
sell my gear on bb list









buying


video guides


selling





buy in confidence with our free bb list payment protection service 
free wanted listings 
no advertising fees
choose from around 4000 current items
sold by over 750 vendors
located in 40 different countries
and, we do not share your details with any third parties!
looking for something unique? sign up for an email alert when an item you want is published.



getting started on bb list







 
a short introduction to getting started on the bb list website. for more guides check out our new video guides



sell in confidence with our free bb list payment protection service 
free for sale listings 
no advertising fees 
no sale no fee. we only charge commission on successful sales through us
buyers in over 60 countries
over 13,000 industry professionals worldwide have used bb list
your personal details are not published on the internet for the world to find and read!
make your surplus kit visible on search engines
all new listings published on twitter








 




are you looking for something that is not listed? you can submit a free wanted listing.




bb list payment protection service




the most common question we get asked: "how is using bb list safe for me to buy or sell gear?"
all transactions on bb list are conducted via the bb list payment protection service. this is at no cost to the buyer and is included in the seller's fees. the buyer deposits funds into a 'ring-fenced' client account. the vendor can ship in confidence knowing that he will get paid, and is only paid 24 hours after the buyer has taken delivery. the buyer has that 24 hours after delivery in which to inspect the equipment, and to inform us and the seller if it has been damaged by the courier or is not as described by the vendor.
















newest listings on bb list:













please wait















please wait
























website cookies


your privacy and data




we love cookies, we have them with our morning coffee. we welcome parcels containing cookies with open arms. ginger, chocolate, in fact you can send us any type!but... to provide the log-in functionality and other functions of this website small pieces of data need to be stored in your web browser. these are called cookies.
by using our website (by logging in and accepting our terms and conditions of use of our service) you agree to us storing cookies in your web browser.
for more information please click here...


bb list respects your privacy so your data is always held securely.when  you view your personal data it is transferred using secure ssl (256 bit encrypted  web connectivity). look out for https at the begining of the website address above.your data is not shared with any third party, and it is  not sold.our server is located in a restricted area in a (prison grade) high security datacentre. your data is secure, and you own your data! (we only pass on your contact details to a seller or buyer when a  transaction is paid for in the form of shipping instructions/transaction  details).








have you had your kit stolen?
check the bumble bee auction web site that is used by many uk police forces to sell un-claimed equipment.

 


