






the ag center

































  skip to content






the ag center











home
cattle report
markets
contact us

















								cattle report							

february 18, 2025 the markets frigid temperatures crashed down into the plains from canada with some snow and wind. the harsh side of winter is expected to be short lived and followed by a quick warm up. this week’s focus will be retailers reaction to two weeks of dramatically reduced slaughter volumes. live prices have […]







february 18, 2025
the markets
frigid temperatures crashed down into the plains from canada with some snow and wind. the harsh side of winter is expected to be short lived and followed by a quick warm up. 
this week’s focus will be retailers reaction to two weeks of dramatically reduced slaughter volumes. live prices have fallen $10 and the composite has matched the decline leaving processors in the same place for margins. show lists were larger in kansas and flat to smaller in texas and nebraska.
the trump administration changed tactics on bird flu and approved a vaccine from zoetis to control the virus rather than mass culling of infected flocks. it is unclear how the plans will affect beef cattle although dairy cattle are included in the vaccination plans. 
trading concluded last week with live trade in both the north and south mainly at $203 with some weakening at week’s end to $202 in kansas. dressed sales ranged from $320 to $322. all prices were $3-4 lower. 
processors slaughtered 561,000 cattle this past week down 23,000 from the previous week, and down 47,000 from last year. this is one of the smallest full week slaughter volumes in several years. last year’s slaughter rates were impaired by winter storms and this year’s reduction by lost demand for beef. box prices softened this past week and processing margins remained deep in the red. the fed cattle portion of the weekly slaughter continues to make a larger percentage of the total slaughter than prior years with cow slaughter of both dairy and beef cows in decline.
cattle futures. prices fell friday as box prices seemed to fall as fast as the slaughter volumes weighing on cash prices as beef demand softens. 

benchmarking. on tuesday of each week, usda releases a weighted average price report for all cattle sold the previous week. the report summarizes the distributed price levels for each category of sale such as negotiated/formula/forward contracts. beef producers are able to measure the marketing price for their cattle compared to the national averages.
the comprehensive fed cattle weekly report offers the most current information on the current status of fed cattle being harvested. the report is published each tuesday and includes the previous week’s change in carcass weights and quality grading. the latest report shows carcass weights at 919# up 1# from prior week and 45# heavier than last year. last year severe weather harmed cattle performance and diminished carcass weights. the combined steer and heifer weights can easily be influenced when the proportion of steers to heifers in the weekly slaughter changes. quality grade was up 1.3% at 83.30%. this was flat with last year.
the weekly steer and heifer grading report is indicative of regional supplies of choice and prime cattle and often is determinative of regional differences is live price. the report is also reflective of the current status of fed cattle offerings in each area. 
forward cattle contracts:  forward contracts will always bear some relationship to the corresponding futures month closest to the delivery month for the cattle. basis levels will move up and down as processors want to add to forward contracts or not. the driver in forward purchases of cattle will always be forward sales of beef. packers will always be willing to take a price risk off the producer’s plate in return for an extra margin. 
formula and negotiated grids. the price and distribution report delineates the various selling methods and net results.  
the cattle contracts report details the percent of contracts by volume of cattle and by number of contracts for selling cattle. formula selling that was once the largest marketing method and still is, but is losing ground to negotiated grids where the premiums and discounts are set but the base price is negotiated. 










beef feature activity index. 
the attention of the market will turn to the middle meats as the holiday season approaches. beef features will be highlighted by the ribs that will be popular for holiday fare.
the cutout. the cutout firmed following two weeks of smaller offerings. the difficulty has been aligning the cost from the cash market for live cattle to a new price level for the retailer. retailers never seem sensitive to the plight of the processors losing money. 
replacement markets
the weakness in cash prices for replacement cattle always seems inadequate to buyers who are sensing margin pressures. mexican cattle import began and will play catch up for a few weeks. receipts at auction markets will slow as weather halts some shipments. the demand side has weakened as some producers choose to opt out of new purchases and leave pastures or pens empty rather than risk large losses on new inventory. 
big picture items are on the minds of many producers. focus on tax policy, immigration deportation, trade policy, and other relevant hot spots driving the ag economy have yet to be defined or are in the process of being defined. these issues join the front and center issue of declining numbers of cattle that will not go away in the near term future.  middle of the beef chain operations will be forced to pare back while breeders expand and profit.  feed cost will face challenges as corn returns to $5. interest rates are an unknown and many lenders are wary of squeezed margins on those along the beef chain. 

the drought monitor continues to favor herd expansion but the rains never fall evenly across all regions. broad areas of the plains have received welcomed moisture, but dry areas remain in the west. many grazing areas will watch developing pasture opportunities as spring moves closer and winter pastures respond. the state of forage holds the answer to many questions on producers minds. grazing opportunities have a major impact on feedlot placements but the pool of cattle available for both grazing and feeding continues to decline.
oklahoma city. —   

okc west  

feeder cattle futures. the feeder contracts posted losses in all months to close the week.  
the lack of liquidity in the feeder contract provides a perfect environment for prices to move too far in either direction. poor liquidity leads to extreme volatility. overdone directional price movements frequently require corrections and traders sense the vulnerability of the contract that needs to be cash settled but the contract index needs a redo. 
feeder cattle cash index. the index is tracking the moves in cash prices.   
video and internet replacement cattle auctions. the movement from traditional private treaty sales to internet auctions has been slow but steady. producers have chosen this option as the primary marketing tool for most of the cattle offered in the replacement markets.
national weekly feeder summary released on friday of each week tracks the national prices by region for last week.   
grain futures. corn is trading north and south of $5 waiting for more definition of the upcoming year’s crop and implications of government trade policies. corn basis levels in guymon, oklahoma are at $.90 — basis the march contract.
the ugly profile of the beef supply chain
no one expected the processors of beef to continue slaughtering 600,000 head of cattle a week losing $200/head. the only option they have is to rebalance by trimming the kill. instead they have slashed the kill to the lowest non-holiday number in years for two weeks in a row. the impact of these two drops in the slaughter volume was a surprising decline in the cutout – not a good sign for demand in the beef supply chain.
given that february is never a banner month for beef demand. the weakest demand of the year usually occurs prior to the spring warm up in weather that kickstarts improved demand for beef as the cookout season begins. in the meantime, the middle meats suffer and the generally high prices of beef, when compared to other meat options, turns consumers away to favor cheaper options.
this is happening during a period of rebuilding of the national herd and is accompanied by two new beef plants waiting in the wings to open – one in west platt, nebraska and one in wright city, missouri. the four largest beef packers are staying the course and not expected to close a plant. chances are good that the odds of a new plant opening is smaller than the likelihood of a current plant closing. look to one or more of the independent plants across the country to shut down. 
the untenable situation in processing is accompanied by a dire picture in the feeding sector. sky high replacement prices guarantee impossible breakevens for middle operators in the live sector. it is hard to imagine a sustainable margin when the benchmark for breakeven is well north of $200. much of the current price level is subsidized by losses at the beef plants. relying on cash prices for fed cattle to reach the next level up are unrealistic. it doesn’t help that trade wars may interrupt our export markets lending more fuel to the fire.
the retailers and restauranteurs are also unlikely to play a role of the white knight in the supply chain problem. they are the strongest party in the supply chain to ignore the plight of the rest of the chain and the easiest to refuse to participate in the pain [red ink]. they can simply rebalance the meat mix on the shelf and concentrate on meat margins from the other meats. the prospect of 2025 is not bright for beef – expect less product and higher prices causing all in the supply chain to suffer.



cattle report library
change is a necessity for any sustainable industry and sometimes necessary changes encounter obstacles in the form of stalwarts who refuse change. the cattle report has created a library page of opinions pieces published on these pages advocating fundamental and structure changes for the industry.  
note to readers
sections of the newsletter are designed with hyperlinks to the appropriate source pages. the hyperlinks are in light blue within the report.
explanations of breakeven/close out tables
regional differences in grain and cattle basises create a difficulty in modeling a national composite for current close outs or a proforma forward look at a breakeven. readers should consider your own area for adjustments to these models. most calculations are basis relevant prices in guymon, oklahoma. 
current breakeven projection
the cattle report introduces the feeder meter. the report estimates profit or loss for currently purchased feeder steers and projects a result 180 days out.  the chart is interactive and updated every 15 minutes in real time based on changes in futures markets in grain and cattle. corn basis information is based on current trade prices adjusted every two weeks. feeder prices are based on the usda index price for 800# steers and fed cattle sales are $2 cwt. premium the appropriate futures contract.






current close out
the cattle report estimates current profit or loss on cattle placed on feed 180 days ago. this report generated from industry averages attempts to simulate a typical close out based on the feeder index for 800# steers 180 days ago. the close out assumes grain was purchased at market each month. selling prices and interest rates are based on prevailing benchmark quoted prices. this chart will change weekly.






contact us
the cattle report will strive to answer all emails. our editorial views are not always popular and sometime create controversy and are sometimes flat out wrong.  






















				proudly powered by wordpress			
 | 
				finance advisor wordpress theme by				blaze themes

















 


