

regional rail working group







 home 
current projects


links



regional rail working group
an informal forum of regional transit advocates
sponsored by the institute for rational urban mobility, inc. (irum)

empire state passengers association
lackawanna coalition
five town rural transit
committee for better transit
institute for rational urban mobility, inc.
sane aviation for everyone, inc. (sane)







current projects:

lirr east side access

access to the region's core

lower manhattan

penn metro hub

intercity freight & passenger systems

path-lex

rockaway

vision42




the purpose of the working group is to develop and advance plans for converting the region’s commuter rail lines into a regional rail system, with fast, frequent service and affordable, integrated fares.  the penn station metro-hub plan sets the stage for doing this.  subsequent steps are access to lower manhattan and the penn station-grand central link. the group also considers changes to rapid transit and light rail transit that are “regional” in scale.
while regular monthly meetings of the regional rail working group have been temporarily suspended, irum continues to advance a number of regional rail initiatives. (see list at left.)
statement at public hearing: september 21, 2015
ny city council hearing on citywide ferry system
presentation at annual meeting: september 19, 2015
nj association of railroad passengers (nj-arp)
statement at public hearing: september 17, 2015
manhattan borough president gale brewer hearing on manhattan congestion
a comprehensive vision for regional rail in the ny-nj-ct was prepared by rrwg and presented in an exhibit, “making the connection”, at the urban center, municipal art society. the vision remains the core of the regional rail working group’s advocacy. this vision was recently refined and updated by members of rrwg and assembled in a presentation: why regional rail should be a top transportation priority for new york's new mayor (pdf).
in the meantime, regional rail advocates are urged to attend regular monthly meetings of auto-free new york/vision42 working group for updates on regional rail activities. these meetings are held the third tuesday of each month at transportation alternatives office 6–8pm, except in july and august when walking tours are held. check the auto-free new york website for more details. for more information on irum’s initiative for an auto-free light rail boulevard on 42nd street—vision42—please see www.vision42.org.
for more information on regional rail issues contact us at geo@irum.org.
thanks
george haikalis
chair, regional rail working group

to make suggestions or report problems with this website, please contact the webmaster.





