



	kentuckiana real estate investors association





































extended menu
homejoinjoinmember benefitsterms & conditionscalendarmembers onlynewsletters & archivevideosmember directorymember spotlightsreal estate glossaryevent archivesresourcesnews & updates blogpaid advertiserscovid-19 resourceshome study coursesarticlesl.o.t.s. eventsfinancial calculatorsaboutintro to kreialeadership & committeeshistorycode of ethicsby-lawsmissionhome of the innocentsmy accountmy dashboardmembership cardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadsmembers directoryhow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historyphp creditsproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)sign inuser faq view cartsign in







 2/20/2025: february's game night: cashflow 101




register


sign in


my dashboard


contact us













 providing education, resources & networking for investors since 1978 









kreia menu


homejoinjoinmember benefitsterms & conditionscalendarmembers onlynewsletters & archivevideosmember directorymember spotlightsreal estate glossaryevent archivesresourcesnews & updates blogpaid advertiserscovid-19 resourceshome study coursesarticlesl.o.t.s. eventsfinancial calculatorsaboutintro to kreialeadership & committeeshistorycode of ethicsby-lawsmissionhome of the innocentsmy accountmy dashboardmembership cardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadsmembers directoryhow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historyphp creditsproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)sign in view cart view morecontact us



















upcoming events


calendar of events





churchill downs investor meetup tickets now for sale
kreia's february newsletter is now online: read it here
online workshop teaches truly passive investments
online saturday, february 22nd  9 a.m.-3 p.m. eastern online you want passive income? really? let’s get you an efficient roadmap.
guess what: even buying rentals and notes might not meet your goal of being really hands-off with your investments…
... but investing in syndications and private placements will, if you know how to get to the point where you can, how to find those opportunities, evaluate them, and mitigate the risk.
we've rounded up a real-life investor who's done exactly that, and he's going to spend a day shortcutting that process for you....
go here to find out more and grab a link to join in!

love & taxes: john mays' february president's message

john mays previews our feb. 27th, 2025, main meeting, a double-header! get tax tips from cpa mike grinnan and an economic update from investor erik hitzelberger. plus, john gives us a heads-up on other kreia events in february.

get the tax prep you need!
investors, are you ready to file your taxes? want to know what's new and what's different with the irs? cpa mike grinnan is here to help. and uber-investor erik hitzelberger is going to present a quick economic update. register now and bring your questions to this live kreia main meeting on thursday, february 27!
mike will be covering:

financial crimes division of the government and beneficial ownership reporting
social security benefits boost for federal and state retirees
funding iras for real estate investing
how to change your 2024 taxable income in 2025
1099-k reporting for 2024 and 2025
tax treatment of short-term rentals vs long-term
and more

early meeting: team members from investor squad, our platinum sponsor, are going to talk about how you can still build rental property portfolios that replace income from your day job, allowing you to reach financial freedom.
meeting agenda
5 p.m. – doors open at woodhaven5:30 p.m. – early meeting with investor squad6 p.m. – member orientation with jordan pohn and alisha higgs6:15 p.m. – the buffet line opens! also, at the microphone, there will be announcements, property pitches and sponsor pitches7 p.m. – mike grinnan and erik hitzelberger take the floor
remember your lanyard!
if you've been to a kreia main meeting lately, you've probably picked up one or more color-coded lanyards that identify what kind of investor you are. please remember to bring your lanyards with you to our main meetings!
color key reminder: blue = buy-and-hold investor; orange = flipper; yellow = real estate agent; red = wholesaler; green = new member; purple = kreia sponsor; black = board member 

kreia co-founder noble roberts, 1925-2025
kreia was founded in 1978 by three men — noble roberts, gene dyson, and rue mcfarland. noble was named our first president. from kreia's beginning, with about 12 members, we have grown strong to over 800 members, and more join every day.
we would like to thank noble roberts for leading us, inspiring us, and for helping so many men and women learn how to invest in real estate. following his example, many of us have reached financial freedom, allowing us to secure our families' futures. and we'd like to thank him for showing us how to provide safe housing for so many other families.
noble lived 99 abundant years of service to his country and his community. he was a soldier in wwii, a professor of biology, and a leader in his church.
noble lafayette roberts, of shelbyville, kentucky, died on sunday, january 19, 2025, at the age of 99, just a few months shy of reaching 100 years old.  noble was born june 10, 1925, in arkadelphia, arkansas.
please see his full obituary here.

q&a with ed gibson: longtime investor pays it forward
"kreia is the only organization i know of – and i've been around the world eight times – and i have never, in my life, seen a group of people work so hard to try to make you a millionaire. i’m not kidding you."
ed gibson was speaking from experience here, and he believes in paying it forward!
ed is a longtime kreia member, a past board member, a past lunch & learn host, and a patent-holding engineer. he’s married and has four children and six grandchildren.
he is also one of kreia's biggest cheerleaders, and he credits his investing success to our group. he’s not a typical real estate investor – he divides his energies between the stock market and real estate, and he makes a great case for why he doesn't like to put all his eggs in one basket.
his take on the synergy of two-prong investing is fascinating, and we sat down with him a couple of months ago to pick his brain – coming away with thousands of words of pure gold.
there wasn't room to fit the full interview in print and, trust us, you’ll want to read the whole thing. in the full transcript ed talks about how he rehabs houses, he shares his investing strategy, gives specific recommendations, gives shoutouts to his many mentors, and offers solid advice.
if you're an active kreia member currently logged into your account, you can read the full interview here.

help the children: help the home of the innocents
the home of the innocents is a louisville organization that takes care of abused, neglected, and medically fragile children. even though we presented our annual check to the home at our holiday party, the need for our assistance continues. please make a much-needed gift to the home through our fundraising page. (it's tax-deductible for you!) or by purchasing something the children need that's mentioned on their wish list.


looking for more kreia features? check out the news & updates blog
 





quick links

need help? got questions? problems logging in? email support@kreia.com
help the children. donate directly to the home of the innocents. more info.
new to investing? want to know what kreia can do for you? check this out.
kreia merch! get your kreia tees and hoodies. choose your size and color.






upcoming events
february's game night: cashflow 101feb20what do you need to do to get out of the rat race? play cashflow with other investors pursuing financial freedom and you'll find out! free for everyone to attend. bring a friend. thursday, february 20, 2025 time: 5:30 pmthe roadmap to the passive income end game: masterclassfeb22if your real goal is to make your money make money instead of having to use your time to make money, this masterclass will show you the most efficient route from active investor/flipper to true hands-off investing. saturday, february 22, 2025 time: 9:00 ammaximize your tax benefitsfeb27investors, are you ready to file your taxes? want to know what's new and what's different with the irs? cpa mike grinnan is here to help. and uber-investor erik hitzelberger is going to present a quick economic update. bring your questions! thursday, february 27, 2025 time: 5:30 pmmarch 4th l.o.t.s. event with brett grigsby in old louisvillemar4brett grigsby is hosting at his latest project in old louisville, near ormsby and s. floyd streets. kreia members, join us for a tour, a look at the numbers, and a free lunch. tuesday, march 4, 2025 time: 12:00 pmkreia wire (women investing in real estate) for marchmar6if you're a woman who flips, wholesales, holds rental property or runs an airbnb -- or who wants to learn how -- join kreia's women's group! thursday, march 6, 2025 time: 5:30 pmmarch's lunch & learn with erik hitzelberger: how to invest in 2025mar11host duna bolotte invites erik hitzelberger to address the kreia crowd this month. erik is a longtime, prolific investor, who's a student of the economy. what does he think of our current market? what pivots has he made? join us and find out. tuesday, march 11, 2025 time: 11:30 amkreia happy hour for march at woodhavenmar13meet up with investor friends for networking, deal-making and socializing. everyone is invited, and there is no cost to attend. new investor? get your questions answered at this laid-back meetup. see you at woodhaven country club! thursday, march 13, 2025 time: 5:00 pmmarch's tool tip tuesday with tamara westmar18tamara west is a broker, agent and investor -- and a kreia past vice president. join her on her monthly zoom call and ask her your tough real estate questions! or just hang out and chat about investing. tamara tells it like it is. tuesday, march 18, 2025 time: 12:00 pmmarch's game night: cashflow 101mar20what do you need to do to get out of the rat race? play cashflow with other investors pursuing financial freedom and you'll find out! free for everyone to attend. bring a friend. thursday, march 20, 2025 time: 5:30 pmapril 1st l.o.t.s. event in buechel with sharon bellapr1sharon bell is hosting at her duplex project in buechel. the upstairs unit will become a 2/1 longterm rental, and the first floor will become her company's office. kreia members, join us for a tour, a look at the numbers, and a free lunch. tuesday, april 1, 2025 time: 12:00 pmkreia wire (women investing in real estate) for aprilapr3if you're a woman who flips, wholesales, holds rental property or runs an airbnb -- or who wants to learn how -- join kreia's women's group! thursday, april 3, 2025 time: 5:30 pmkreia wire (women investing in real estate) for aprilapr3if you're a woman who flips, wholesales, holds rental property or runs an airbnb -- or who wants to learn how -- join kreia's women's group! thursday, april 3, 2025 time: 5:30 pmkreia happy hour for april at woodhavenapr10meet up with investor friends for networking, deal-making and socializing. everyone is invited, and there is no cost to attend. new investor? get your questions answered at this laid-back meetup. see you at woodhaven country club! thursday, april 10, 2025 time: 5:00 pmapril's game night: cashflow 101apr17what do you need to do to get out of the rat race? play cashflow with other investors pursuing financial freedom and you'll find out! free for everyone to attend. bring a friend. thursday, april 17, 2025 time: 5:30 pm
back to top




more

need help? write support@kreia.com












this website uses cookies

                                    this website uses cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
                                    




ok, i got it!

view cookies and privacy policy










www.kreia.com
                                         (kentuckiana real estate investors association) does not give legal, tax, economic, 
                            or investment advice.
                            kreia
                                        disclaims all liability for the action or inaction taken or not taken as a result of 
                            communications from or to its members, officers, directors, employees and contractors. 
                            each person should consult their own counsel, accountant and other advisors as to legal, 
                            tax, economic, investment, and related matters concerning real estate and other investments.
                              


your email will never be shared or sold to other members, vendors or any other third party without your consent.



privacy policy: - 
security policy:









contact us:

kentuckiana real estate investors association

po box 91225
louisville,
                                                    ky
40291





proud chapter of national reia



follow us






                                                copyright 2025 ©
                                        kentuckiana real estate investors association
                                                 all rights reserved. | this reia website is powered by: real estate promo




























