











deidre madsen's happily inner after




















































 books
happily inner after booka guide to getting and keeping your knight in shining 'amour'内なる幸せのためにbuy the book thru balboa pressbuy the book thru amazontgi imagery healingarticles & resourcesaffirmationshealing threads with godtwin rays & the age of miracles to the 9ththe age of wonder of wondersanimal totem medicine listguides, totems & symbologyare we ascending?the galaxy & harmonic resonance fascinating physical proof of ascensionascension 101how to stay in balance & clear the f.e.a.r.ascension symptoms listrapid ascension movement (ram)awaking divinityre-cognition of the divine withinbalancing the hemispheresintro to archetypes & symbolschakra 7 transcendencethe importance of going beyond the 7ththe chakras list ☸️plus balancing meditationscreation is speeding upfollowing the mayan calendar's consciousness orientationcrystal medicine healing listgem medicine & messages issues & concernsdream interpretation listas an ascension tool for self-awarenessemf symptoms & remediesliving in an emf saturated worldthe end of old agehealthy aging & turning back the clockevaluating our heroesbecoming a type 1 civilizationfive tibetan ritesfor complete healing & awarenessherbs & tinctures listfor health, wellness & healing; do plants talk?is water conscious?studies in how water reflects our consciousnessimagery for healing dis-easetransformational guided imagerykeith haines poetry & storiesinspirational poetry & musingslifting the veilhow to strengthen intuitive abilitiesmagical weight lossshedding toxic relationshipsmultiple universesparallel realitiesoverweight & angry from msgthe hidden excitotoxin in your foodprayers meditations chants ????raise your vibrationquantum consciousnessgain strength reach limitless potentialsolar & lunar wisdomhow the sun and moon affect ussovereign integral life principleswingmakers 22nd chamber - philosophytea time meditation ☕welcome to my tea room10 grooms' amazing faceswhen they first see their bridetgi imagery healing ⭐quantum-shift your reality with this powerful healing3d-5d universal living lawsshifting consciously from 3d to 5dtwilight's happily ever aftera new happily inner after endingaboutconnectcontact deidrenewsletter sign-upsocially connect
xinstagramfacebook - happily inner afterlinkedinyoutubesubstackblogspotpresseventsblog










savesavesavesavesavesavesavesave


savesavesavesavesavesavesavesave


 





the only journey is the journey withinsupport for your awakening, self-mastery & healing 
for today's conscious seekers, happily inner after is key to living the art of love and light. go beyond conventional healing therapies for mindful balance through holistic integrative approaches which address the body, mind and spirit in restoring health and well-being, building relationships, and living harmoniously. set yourself free with lush, evocative and practical (yet fun) meditations and ascension tools, found in deidre madsen's spiritual healing book, happily inner after, and tgi imagery healing sessions; both will yield drastic yet effective changes in your life. guaranteed!
tgi imagery healing benefits
award-winning relationship coach, life coach and stress practioner deidre madsen's innovative model, lies at the forefront of this evolution in healthcare with a quantum-based healing modality, transformational guided imagery "tgi" combining the best of conventional modalities, traditional indigenous medicine and expanded healing techniques. her signature sessions and retreats will take you to love.







centering
center and reconnect from within. discover your tranquil healing oasis and gain authentic healing guidance and live in alignment with your soul's truth. let go and let god in the simplest and easiest way.



inner child
healing the inner child creates room in your life for more joy and happiness.  your inner child is extremely powerful and invariably leads you into repeating patterns time and again in order to get your attention.  it's time to turn around and embrace your inner child, teach them to feel safe with you and your choices. life then becomes much brighter. self-parent your inner child and be free!



relationships
there is a freedom in the comfort of healthy relationships and commitment. when you have looked inward and dealt with your projections and fears, you can come to a new level in your maturing relationship. building trust and safety creates a vast sense of freedom.



deep healing
discover your inner physician / inner healer who assists with guiding a full body, mind and spirit healing including the teletransportation of toxins and negative energies.



awaken
find an easy way to shift your perspective from negative to positive and awaken from a sleeping state of being to become more fully realized than ever.




>reset
have you ever wanted to just hit the big reset button in your life and start all over in relationships, career, and life in general? there is a way to do just that and begin anew. >reset safely.



inner organization
remove and clear all trauma programming, mental, emotional, physical and spiritual, which have been installed and embedded in our dna, and access the higher dna programs for full self-mastery and development.



self-mastery
navigate and advance with great strides towards self-mastery and make a clear active commitment to exist in a top down/bottom up 'axis mundi' (hebrew sephirot: mayyimto malkut - many heavens to our roots).









 centering


 inner child


 relationships


 deep healing




 awaken


 reset


 organize


 self-mastery



 



read more and book a session >>
happily inner after book 
are you are ready to transform your life and live happily inner after? order deidre madsen's beverly hills award-winning happily inner after - a guide to getting and keeping your knight in shining amour, balboa press, a division of hay house publishing.
includes:


15 tgi imagery exercises


27 keys to the kingdom of the king and queen


learn more and order >>
 
trust me to guide you safely to lead the most positive life full of joy, love and inner peace. through my sessions, books, retreats and seminars, you can finally get the help you need. so, if you are ready to experience deep truth and healing, allow me to help you find what you seek and give you answers & relief. in the words of anu malik, "show me the way ... take me to ❤️ love!"
thank you and bless your sacred path. 
deidre madsen
 
wellness affiliates for optimal living
here are deidre madsen's highly recommended affiliates designed to rebuild and protect you and your loved ones (including pets) from harmful exposure to environmental toxins in our air (chemtrails and pollution), 5g emf technology, the shots, food and water supply, medicines, and more. wonderful ascension and awakening support for body/mind/spirit wellness and reopening/protecting your pineal gland. take back your body's health!









 
 




 




home


tgi imagery session 
"a powerful voice for the still small voice within." transform your life through the imagination and explore healing your relationships, expanding your career, following your true life path, gain clarity, focus and peace of mind
read more


deidre's self-help book 
a self-help guide for couples & singles to center & reconnect ~ heal & grow ~ reinvigorate & replish. includes: 15 tgi imagery exercises and 27 keys to the kingdom of the king and queen.
read more















happily inner after booktgi imagery healingabout deidrehealing & ascensionspeaking engagements

happily inner after = paramahamsa परमहंस


you are the one you have been waiting for ... all along.

living in balance be'tween your masculine and feminine archetypes is what is known as the space be'tween. the space be'tween is one of core purity and harmony. we liken this space to swans who beautifully represent purity and transcendence in the vedantic teaching of paramahansa (परमहंस). this is about being in divine ecstasy and simultaneously to be actively wakeful. paramahansa is found through happily inner after. 
begin your journey
paramahansa = sanskrit religio-theological title of honour applied to hindu spiritual teachers who have become enlightened. the title literally means "supreme swan". the swan is equally at home on land and on water; similarly, the true sage is equally at home in the realms of matter and of spirit.

muse meditations


















 status gratiabless the blissdivine awarenesstranquil mindfulnesspistis sophia ain sophcenter yourselfkeep tikvah (hope) aliveignite a sparkinspire othersit's the journeycapture the beautyahava love love, luv!purità of ispirtuallow your sparkle








newsletter sign-up


 










 
♥ “who, being loved, is poor?” – oscar wilde


♥ “where there is love there is life.” – mahatma gandhi


♥ "you know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." – dr. seuss



♥ “a successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.” – mignon mclaughlin



♥ “being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.” – lao tzu


♥ “there is no more lovely, friendly, and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.” – martin luther



♥ “there is no remedy for love but to love more.” – henry david thoreau



♥ “when you trip over love, it is easy to get up. but when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again.” – albert einstein


♥ "show me the way, take me to love." – anu malik, bride & prejudice


 
♥ “live your truth, be your being & create your self” – deidre madsen









copyright © 2025 deidre madsen and shangri-la sedona. all rights reserved.



 










