


underwater clown conspiracy























    
	underwater clown conspiracy
	
  
a 26 year old lawyer with a funny accent, a big heart and big hair trying to battle the "system". warning... conspiracy theories abound.



tuesday, august 05, 2008



	 update bookmarks
    


for those of you that occasionally come back here, you can now follow me in my new life here.



posted by april @ 12:07 am  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, may 07, 2008



	 a mother...
    


after a long, difficult journey - i'm finally a mother. julian randall was born on may 1, 2008 at 11:01 p.m. weighing 8 lbs. 8 oz. and 20 inches long.  my husband patrick (i'm remarried now) and i are utterly in awe of our son, and i have never felt my heart so full of love.



posted by april @ 1:06 am  
      
         9 comments






monday, june 04, 2007



	 i used to blog, now i take pictures...
    


testing - testing - 1-2-3...*clears throat*i doubt anyone even checks in on this anymore. nonetheless, here goes...things have been rough this past year, to say the least. after much heartache and soul searching m and i decided to split up last fall. the breakdown of the relationship was one of the hardest things i've ever dealt with (perhaps even more so because in a lot of ways it was my fault).  after first moving to the second bedroom last year, i finally moved out of the house for good early this spring.  i'm now living in chicago. he kept the house and the cats. i took my bed, the china, my car, and my clothes.  both of us took five years of memories that can't be measured with monetary value.  i certainly never expected our relationship to end this way. such is life, i suppose.  you'd think two legal people could get through the divorce quickly and efficiently, but that isn't nearly as easy as one would hope. it's pending, expected to be finalized this month i guess. it's a dreadfully painful experience, even when it's what both parties really want. i miss him. but i firmly believe this is what's best for both of us. i'm starting over. slowly. some days are horrifically difficult. but you keep going. right now, what helps is my photography. i think i'd like to start blogging again, because i really do miss it. a lot of times the pictures are easier than the words though. this blog isn't the right place for me to pour out my heart and soul though. this chapter in my life is nearing its end, and i feel as if i somehow would be cheapening all that he and i went through together if i put it here.  so i guess this is a formal goodbye from here.feel free to e-mail me if you'd like to know where the new blog will be.



posted by april @ 10:47 am  
      
         23 comments






tuesday, december 19, 2006



	 happy holidays
    


as this holiday season approaches and the new year dawns upon us... i just wanted to wish each of you a warm and merry holiday.good tidings to each of you, and may the next year be full of love, laughter, health and good fortune.and may all your dreams come true, whatever they may be.



posted by april @ 3:29 pm  
      
         15 comments






saturday, june 10, 2006



	 drifting
    


thank you, each of you - who've stopped by to say hi. who've e-mailed, called, imed, texted - who've kept me in your thoughts.i'm here. somewhere, drifting along.there's a lot going on in my life right now. a lot that i can't talk about, that i don't want to talk about, that i don't want to recognize the reality - the possible finality - of.i'm spending a lot of time trying to figure things out. trying to find my way, remembering how to believe. in love, in life, in myself.my heart is simultaneously overflowing and breaking.i have to admit that i have been extremely lax about checking in on most of you. i still think of all of you, but right now - i can't check in on you. it's too painful.i'm sorry.i will soon, i hope.right now, right now just trust you're in my thoughts, in my heart.and i'm thankful for you.



posted by april @ 10:16 pm  
      
         39 comments






sunday, may 14, 2006



	 the medicine of my people
    


i am tired of being sick.i thought the fever was gone on thursday, by friday it had spiked up to over 103. i finally let michael take me to the emergency clinic, and i'm now popping 2000 mg. antibiotic pills that i'm pretty sure were originally designed for ingestion by an animal of the size equivalent to at least a horse.i'm also now reminded of why i could never be bulimic. i'm also having to down anti-nausea pills to keep the antibiotics down. oh, and decongestants to break up the stuff in my chest - and i don't know - some other pills - and i'm starting to look like a little old lady with my purse full of pills.i've slept probably 90% of the day for the last four days, and you know what, i'm tired of sleeping. sleeping is making me exhausted.perhaps the reason i'm still sick is that i haven't had any campbell's chicken soup, dayquil or sprite... the medicine of my people.so, thanks for those of you who've emailed and such to check in on me - i'm here, i'm alive (barely) but i'm here.thanks for the input on the cell service. i now have a magenta razr - with service through t-mobile.



posted by april @ 10:35 pm  
      
         14 comments






tuesday, may 02, 2006



	 to kill a mockingbird.
    


there is a mockingbird that has nested directly outside of my bedroom window.  mind you, i'm from texas, where the mockingbird is revered as the official state bird since 1927.  for those of you not from the u.s. or southern canada, click here to find out what they look like. the song of the mockingbird is actually a medley of the calls of many other birds. each imitation is repeated two or three times, then another song is started, all in rapid succession. it is common for an individual bird to have as many as 25-30 songs in its repertoire, though there are documented cases of a single bird with up to 200 different songs. mockingbirds are known as fierce protectors of its nest and environment. they are sometimes seen swooping down on a dog, cat or predator that may be venturing too close to the bird's protected territory.  the mimus polyglottos, as the mockingbird is known scientifically, is about ten inches in length, including its relatively long tail. it has a light gray coat and a whitish underside. its wings and tail are darker gray with white patches.one of the interesting things about mockingbirds is that they also have the ability to pick up and mimic certain mechanical sounds.  therein lies the trouble. the other day my alarm clock went off, and after hitting the snooze button again and again it wouldn't turn off. even unplugging it wouldn't make it stop going off.  apparently the mockingbird has picked up the sound of my alarm clock and added it to its playlist.male mockingbirds (especially unmated ones) are known to sing through the night, especially during the full moon. i hope whoever is in the tree outside has a female to tell him to shut it.*sigh*



posted by april @ 11:12 am  
      
         14 comments











about me

name:  april 
location:  midwest, united states 
big hair, big ideas & a big heart, recently transplanted -and trying to set down some roots.
view my complete profile



previous posts

update bookmarks
a mother...
i used to blog, now i take pictures...
happy holidays
drifting
the medicine of my people
to kill a mockingbird.
wireless plans
how observant are you?
hired help

other conspiracy theorists

julie's giant list of blogs
my non-infertility blog

my wish list 

everything but the baby 

you talking to me?

e-mail me

  instant messaging 

>aol: redesq03

archives

july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
december 2006
june 2007
may 2008
august 2008



 




 








 





