


powder river horses blue roan hancock foundation quarter horses for sale






















home
about us
about lineage
stallions
mares
quarter horse sale barn
contact us
links










linebreeding 
     foundation quarter horses

presenting line bred hancock performance horses


 linebreeding  
                    


 



  performance 
                         quarter horses




 aqha & nfqha reg. 



 
 our joe hancock line



produces big, stout, athletic 
                    ranch bred 
                    blue roans, grulla roans, bay roans, duns, blacks,
                    grulla, palomino and silver dapples


bred from legendary lineages of the american 
     quarter horse association.
     foundation bloodlines including.

 joe hancock, peter mccue, buck hancock,
     blue valentine, texas blue bonnet, plenty coup, king,
peppy san, joe reed, 
     joe cody, leo, driftwood,
     continental king & hard twist. 
everything starts out better, built on 
     a strong foundation, so start today with
     our proven foundation lines. 

     these are the names of true athletes and legendary aqha performance horses.
registered american quarter horses for sale at all times 
cutting, reining and roping prospects available. 
quarter horse geldings for sale. 

welcome to our wyoming registered foundation quarter 
     horse ranch. powder river horses is located 
     in the powder river breaks of arvada wyoming near the powder river. the ranch 
     is owned and operated by brett sorenson. the powder river country 
     has always been known for its good, stout ranch horses and cattle. the area 
     has a rich history of cattle ranching. big, athletic, heavy boned horses 
     with a lot of speed and endurance where needed for the open range roping 
     and the daily cattle work in the early years. these horses covered a lot 
     of country and needed a lot of bottom to them. today not much has changed 
     we still like a horse who is well built, quick, athletic, heavy muscled, 
     good conformation bone and feet. the temperament should be friendly, gentle, 
     big hearted and willing to work. these are the attributes we look and breed 
     for. our blue valentine and joe hancock horses are raised 
     in herds on native range grasses. they are allowed to develop and mature 
     naturally, growing to their potential and exhibiting the hardiness and natural 
     cow sense legendary to the joe hancock and blue valentine bloodlines. 
     

 joe hancock linebred 
     quarter horses

     excellence in genetics with proven bloodlines. 
joe hancock sire of red man, buck 
     hancock, texas blue bonnet, roan hancock, bullet hancock, baldy joe. 
blue valentine sire of roan ambrose, 
     gooseberry, leo hancock hayes, salty roan, blue dart reed.
peter mccue sire of roan wolf, sheik, 
     nick 1, harmon baker, buck thomas, badger 3. 
 
we believe in our bloodlines and value 
     the strength of our broodmares. many of the triangle lady and burnett mares crowd 
     our pedigrees as they are the lines who produced buck hancock, belle burnett, 
     anne joe, roan lady, baldy joe and pepper hancock.
 our 
               mares have the genetic makeup to produce champions, just read their 
               pedigrees. physically, they are a powerful set of mares that pass these characteristics 
               on to their foals.



ranch bred and raised quarter horses 
          for sale.
 aqha blue roans, grulla roans and silver dapples for sale
 
 looking for an american quarter 
          horse stallion prospect?
 we have outstanding young stallion 
          prospects for sale at all times. these stallions are bred from champion 
          bloodlines. big, stout athletes.
          carrying the blood of joe hancock &  blue valentine.
          capture a piece of american quarter horse history.

 the backbone 
          of our hancock breeding program is founded on 2 stallions that not only 
          put size and cow in their colts and fillies, but also color them in 
          beautiful shades of blue roan and grulla roan.
powder river valentine 
          is a big stout blue roan hancock stallion. who is blue valentine and 
          hancocks blue boy breeding and is double bred leo hancock hayes. he 
          is a true blue roan. he faithfully reproduces his blue roan color on 
          his blue roan sons and daughters. powder river valentine is bred to 
          a herd of true blue roan mares that are also blue valentine breeding. 
          these blue roan mares produce a very high percentage of blue roan foals 
          of excellent quality. their size and gentle dispositions set them apart. 
          the offspring of this stallion are built for ranch work and roping, 
          yet fast enough for the rodeo arena.

jj crowheart grullo 
          is a chunky built athlete who loves to chase cows. he is a silvery grullo 
          roan hancock stallion. his breeding is buck hancock, plenty try and 
          blue bonnet. this stallion produces quiet minded, quick and cowy offspring 
          who have the beautiful grullo roan or blue roan coloration. we breed 
          him to some of our blue roan, blue valentine mares. he never fails to 
          produce us some very nice foals. we have retained some of his daughters 
          and look forward to crossing them with our silver dapple stallion that 
          is a hancock and leo cross stallion.


also available for sale
 
 we are delighted to introduce our rare 
     silver dapples from the... 
bar u champ binder line.
this is a wonderful example of joe hancock and leo crossed together.
 
look at our beautiful and rare imported 
     silver dapple stallion and mares.
the silvers dapples range in colors of 
     black silvers, red silver, grulla silver, buckskin silver, 
blue roan and bay roan silvers. 
the rare silver dapple gene has been 
     newly discovered by u.c. davis in the quarter horse breed, we are pleased 
     to be able to have these fine horses in our breeding program. 
exceptionally well bred and beautifully colored registered 
     quarter horses for sale. 
are you looking for something special? 
have you always wanted a blue roan or grulla? 
desiring a rare and unusual color to set you apart from the 
     rest, try a silver dapple! 
powder river horses has the quarter horses for you. 
breeding one of a kind horses with you in mind. 

 performance horses that have athletic 
     ability. joe hancock offspring have found their way into 
     the rodeos arenas, calf, team & break away roping. they are superior 
     pick up horses. many have become successful at barrel racing, cutting, showing, 
     reining, racing and team penning. many of the greatest ranch and arena horses 
     have had the bloodline of blue valentine in them who was a grandson of joe 
     hancock. long known for rugged durability the joe hancock 
     bred horses are the choice of horseman. 

powder river horses offers
 joe hancock & blue valentine bred 
     mares & stallions for sale.
powder river horses has
quarter horse geldings, stallions, mares, colts and fillies 
     available for sale at all times. 
our blue valentine line produces stunning 
     blue roan and grulla roans.
 these are true blue roans with all black 
     points and close up blue valentine breeding.
our blue roans are true blue roans without 
     the gray gene; they will not fade or lighten like a gray.
 
please feel free to call us anytime and ask us about our hancock and hollywood gold horses.
 we would like to invite you to visit 
     our ranch and look over the livestock. the coffee is always on so come have 
     a cup with us. we won't even mind if you return for a second cup.

proud member of aqha
remembrance 
home   
     about us   
     about lineage   
     stallions   
     mares   
     quarter horse sale barn  contact 
     us   links 
 


