


teddy bear charity called good bears of the world






 
 
 





 


what we are all about . . .


 





 good bears of the world (gbw), a caring and giving charity, was  founded in 1969 by the late radio pioneer, james theodore ownby, colonel robert  henderson from england, and english actor, peter bull, in bern, switzerland. 
gbw headquarters were located in mr. ownby’s radio station kndi, in  honolulu until the organization subsequently relocated their headquarters to  toledo, ohio in 1991 after mr. ownby passed away in 1986.
 
it was mr. ownby's dream to spread love and caring to children and the elderly who  were in need of comfort with teddy bears. his dream has been carried on over  four decades by members worldwide.
 
gbw was the first group to donate teddy  bears to police departments in the early 80’s. this program has gained  tremendous popularity in the last few decades.
 
since their founding, gbw has given  hundreds of thousands of teddy bears to those in need of love and a hug. 
                the  oklahoma city bombing, the crash of twa flight 800, events of september 11,  2001, hurricane katrina, kansas tornados and floods and the fukashima nuclear  disaster are some of the tragedies where we have gifted our good bears.
 
firemen,  policemen, emergency workers, psychologists, and grief counselors have  discovered the teddy bear's magical healing power is invaluable when given to  children and their families in traumatic situations.

                gbw is still vigorous and growing!
 
supported entirely by membership and generous donations.
 



join and belong in our loving, 
                caring and giving bear family.
 









 




when the sale opens, click on this banner to enter.



 





 





 





 







 





 
















 
not valid to use for online charity sales














 





 







 








by gbw or through sparkiesgal 















 




good bears of the world
                  terrie stong, executive director
                  p.o. box 13097  toledo, ohio 43613 usa
                  phone:  (419) 344-2322



© copyrighted 2025 good bears of the world
              all rights reserved worldwide.


 
 








 



 
web site developed and managed by cyberdendesigns 




 
 
 



