





sixth district branch of the medical society of the state of new york in south-central new york state – the sixth district medical society includes eight counties: broome, chemung, cortland, delaware, otsego, schuyler, tioga and tompkins



































 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footer






medsociety@medsocieties.org


122 w. main st. | endicott, ny 13760 | (607) 772-8493



sixth district branch of the medical society of the state of new york in south-central new york statethe sixth district medical society includes eight counties: broome, chemung, cortland, delaware, otsego, schuyler, tioga and tompkinsmenuhome
member directory

by specialty
by county

broome county
cortland county
chemung county
delaware county
otsego county
schuyler county
tompkins county




membership

membership benefits
why join
join online


advocacy
news
officers
jobs
links
contact




welcome to the website for the sixth district branch of the medical society of the state of new york in south-central new york state.
the sixth district includes eight counties: broome, chemung, cortland, delaware, otsego, schuyler, tioga and tompkins. the county medical societies are components of the medical society of the state of new york (www.mssny.org) and the american medical association (www.ama-assn.org). 

find a member provider
become a member
membership benefits
why join?
















latest news & events


for convenient access to mlmic articles, industry news and risk management resources, please visit the new mlmic insider. 
get the latest news from physicians on the ama’s new roku channel hear directly from physicians and other health care experts about covid-19, health equity and other important topics in medicine on the ama’s roku channel. no subscription needed. download today! 



medical student loan program
financial assistance is available to eligible medical students who are graduates of broome county area high schools attending an accredited medical school in the united states or canada (for a d.o. or m.d. degree).
medical students must be entering their freshman, sophomore, junior or senior year. depending on funding availability, priority for assistance is given to upperclassmen. however, all medical students meeting loan eligibility criteria may apply, and many have received funding in past years.
the student loans are due for repayment at the completion of the residency and/or fellowship training with quarterly payments over a five year period. over $722,100 has been awarded since the inception of the program in 1966.

download loan application











quick links:member directorylatest newsofficersjob banklinkscontact


shirley l cosgriffexecutive directormedical societies of broome,delaware, otsego, & tompkins counties
122 w. main st.endicott, ny  13760phone: (607) 772-8493medsociety@medsocieties.org








copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · site design: riverside media, llc











