



	home - terry conners rink





























terry conners rink

1125 cove road, stamford, connecticut 06902 - 203.977.4728




skip over navigation
homewelcomeice schedulefeesroom rentalrefundsmultiple skate cardsadvertising feesgroup public skating ratesadvertisingspecifications and ratesdirectionscontact ussnack barpublic skatingpublic session timesgroupsbirthday partieslessons3-5 year old basic skills6 & up basic skillsfreestyle classesspecialty classesprivate lessonsice skating lessonsadult lessonshockeyopen hockeyhigh school hockeyintro to hockey classstamford youth hockeyfigure skatingfreestylebridge classesbasic skills competitionsynchronized skatingsummer campdate/timesregistrationpolicies & procedures






welcomeice schedulefeesroom rentalrefundsmultiple skate cardsadvertising feesgroup public skating ratesadvertisingspecifications and ratesdirectionscontact ussnack bar


















terry conners ice rink
			1125 cove road
			stamford, ct  06902
			p: (203) 977-4728
			f: (203) 977-4184



















live barn
































terry conners ice rink, located in beautiful cove island park in stamford has served the skaters of stamford and its surrounding neighbors since 1973.  the rink is owned and operated by the city of stamford, offering affordable hockey, figure skating, and basic skills programs for all residents of stamford.
       the rink is home to stamford youth hockey, skating club of southern connecticut, terry conners synchronized skating teams, and stamford / westhill boy's high school hockey team as well as stamfordwesthill/staples girls high school hockey team.  the terry conners skating school runs group skating lessons children ages 3-16 for all levels throughout the season - september thru june. we also offer an ice skating summer camp program from june thru august. terry conners rink offers public skating and open hockey sessions as well as freestyle and dance sessions throughout the year. the rink also offers birthday and skating parties during our public skate time with a party room included.  ice rentals are available at hourly increments throughout the year.  more ice time is available in the spring and summer months.




 
 




 




      


























site map
				|
				printable view
				|
				© 2008 - 2025 terry conners ice rink
				|
				powered by mojoportal
				| 
					design generated by artisteer








web template created with artisteer.





home
site map
search
sign in











