







home inspector training and business manual






homeinspectionbook.com

...how to operate a successful home inspection business.








 


 





 

 "become a home inspector!"

a concise guide to starting up and operating a successful home inspection business













 
this guidebook, titled "become a home inspector!" is an 8.5 x 11 inch, 156-page business manual that shows 
you all of the details on how to startup and operate a successful home inspection business.

this specialized "how to" manual focuses on a no-nonsense approach to starting up and operating your home 
inspection business effectively and efficiently.  it also answers many of the tough questions that many new home 
inspectors have.
 





items covered in this manual include:



detailed step-by-step procedures for getting ready for an inspection.

detailed step-by-step procedures for conducting an inspection.

detailed step-by-step procedures for filling out an inspection report.

detailed step-by-step procedures for presenting your results to your customer.

what inspection equipment you really need.

"tricks of the trade" provided throughout.

answers to questions on insurance, accounting, and record keeping.

what equipment you need for a home office.

using your existing vehicle for this business.

what inspection forms and reports you need. (a complete, filled-in sample report is provided.)

how to price your services.

how to conduct an efficient inspection.

how to report (and how not to report) findings.

how to market and advertise.

how to deal with clients, sellers, and realtors.

how to make $500 to $900 per day, full or part-time.

and much more!







here's what others say about this manual:



"i found your book informative......and pretty much the bible of the home 
inspection business......great job!"
-----ray l., florida

"your advice was a very important catalyst in the success of my business......
i hit the ground running and have never looked back......
i average 12 inspections each week......thank you for giving me a "tool" that was well worth the pennies it cost."
----- doug g., maryland

"i'm an icbo certified inspector...your book is so complete and straight 
to the point that it is going to make the transition almost easy......
i keep looking back through the book and it always answers my questions......
some i didn't have a clue about...thanks again!!!"
----- kevin m., california

"your book is excellent!......we're so glad we found your site......thank you 
so much for all your hard work and willingness to share your knowledge with others."
-----jerry and donna n., florida

"very informative......easy to read and understand......i now
feel more comfortable and confident to get started."
----- joe v., maryland

"your book is incredible......a wonderful tool and full of understandable 
examples......thanks for writing it."
----- terry h., california

"just wanted to say the book is very helpful......i'm looking forward to 
starting a home inspection business in my area."
----- jim h., maryland

"the book really digs into the nuts and bolts of the business......and gives 
me more confidence that this is the field for me to pursue......thanks again 
for an informative, practical 'how to' book."
----- bill m., pennsylvania

"for someone like me who is researching about becoming a home inspector, the 
book is a great resource and worth every penny......
it gave me a lot to think about and answered many questions that i had......
thank you!"
----- richard s., idaho

"the book is very interesting and informative.....it is just
what we were looking for.....we are anxious to get started!"
----- ann and mike b., florida









 
you can purchase "become a home inspector!" for only $39 (includes shipping!)


we accept most major credit cards or paypal.
 
click the buy now button to order.








 



guarantee: if you're not completely satisfied with "become a home inspector!", just send it back within 2 weeks and we will 
refund your money (less shipping).

best wishes,

mike pompeii, p.e.

p.s.   the purchase price of this manual may be tax deductible as a business expense.
 








 


 




 














please visit our partner web site:


www.homebuildingbook.com


a concise guide to successfully subcontracting and building your own new home.
use the process in this do-it-yourself manual to save thousands of dollars on your new home.

become a home inspector - a home inspection business and home inspector operations manual.


copyright © 2023 pompeii engineers.  all rights reserved.





