








tucson vacation rentals | alma del sol vacation rentals

























 






tucson vacation rentals
alma del sol vacation rentals



menu
skip to content
home
rentals

studio de sonora
studio de saguaro
casa grande del sol
casa del sol


rates
sport training

triathlon training
golf
tennis

reffkin tennis center
tucson racquet club
tucson country club


yoga


recreation

saguaro national park
kitt peak national observatory
az-sonora desert museum
old tucson
san xavier mission
kartchner caverns
colossal cave
u of a centennial hall
tucson weekly


reviews
map
contact
landscapes
saguaros
spring flowers
sunsets
summer monsoon
 






home




alma del sol office: (520)883-2256(click on the photo links for rental information)
   
alma del sol vacation rentals are located in the heart of the sonoran desert in tucson, arizona. they are designed to accommodate individuals, couples, families, and small groups. alma del sol is a leisurely 30 minute drive to downtown tucson and situated on 8 acres of saguaro cactus studded property on the outskirts of the city, along the foothills of the tucson mountain range. the property is uniquely adjacent to the saguaro national park, pima county park, and the blm wildlife refuge and a short drive from most area major attractions.
the owners live on the property in another building year around, so there’s usually someone there to help with questions about entertainment, restaurants, hiking trails and things to do, along with any other concerns about your stay. all rentals include total privacy with their own entrance, kitchen and bath, along with a private hot tub patio.  
world renown sights such as the saguaro national park, arizona-sonora desert museum, kitt peak national observatory, and most other major attractions are only minutes away. tucson is a great city with lots of things to do. the “tucson weekly” link will guide you to local events and places to go. the u of a centennial hall box office link may have world class performances you can book during your visit. please see our recreational menu for full details.
training for sports, such as cycling, triathlons and other recreational events, are our specialty as we can accommodate large groups. please see our training menu for full details.
alma del sol strives to be an example of environmental consciousness by utilizing “green” eco-friendly solar energy and water recycling systems, along with an architectural and landscape design to highlight the natural open space of the great american southwest. it’s a magical experience you’ll never forget!













proudly powered by wordpress









