









  vancouver island fishing lodge | murphy sportfishing 



































webmastercms by incontrol solutions





 






spring

summer

fall

winter









vancouver island bc fishing lodges
murphy's guiding philosophy...
like you we are anglers. we know what anglers need and expect on a guided vancouver island fishing lodge trip. weather you are ocean fishing for salmon, halibut, lings or stamp river salmon and steelhead, we compromise nothing at our fishing lodges when it comes to the calibre of boats, motors, equipment, fishing guides and staff. 

you will be in the hands of truly professional  guides who are friendly and will put you on fish everyday. 

you can be assured that you are getting the best value for your sport fishing dollar. we have built murphy's vancouver island fishing lodges on our reputation for great fishing trips, with a customer experience second to nobody.



we look forward to meeting you or seeing you again...

            david and marilyn murphy
            brother and sister team.



             
 

 





video creators rod hsu and linda lee visit kyuquot for linda's first time 



day one - linda's first ocean chinook
 day two - rod gets beat up by lings













 day three - linda's first halibut
 day four - sore arms and tired













over 30 years worth of passion and skill  provides you with the salmon  & halibut fishing trip of a life time  at the "super salmon  highway".  
or visit the famous stamp river system one of north americas most successful hatchery system world renown for chinook, coho and steelhead.

 kyuquot lodge west coast vancouver island 

 




kyuquot summer fishing lodge options
located within minutes of the fishing grounds we are ready to serve you. all 3 night 4 day fully guided packages include meals, lodging and 4 days of incredible fishing. be sure to check out our top of the line equipped boats!
trip details »









the kyuquot lodge offshore tuna experience
thirty miles offshore during a small window every summer thousand and  thousands of albacore tuna are thriving with our reach by speed boat.  using commercial style gear and fishing the same grounds you too can  experience a fishing event of a lifetime!

 




kyuquot tuna salmon halibut combo
a full deck package which includes up to two days of offshore tuna fishing in addition to the salmon and halibut fishing. this five day package is jam packed full of action! only during the last two weeks of august
trip details »








  


the ucluelet salmon & halibut experience
ucluelet located on vancouver island's west coast is known for the best early season  chinook salmon and  halibut fishing available on   vancouver island  during most of may and  june. easy access  via trans canada highway.





ucluelet spring guided fishing options
vancouver islands best early season fishery for april and may. salmon and halibut aggressively feeding on the coastal banks and inshore waters of barkley sound. book by the day means you can set your own agenda!
trip details »











september chinook and coho on the stamp river  
your angling in the heart of canada’s “wild  west coast” on the world      famous stamp river. home waters to returning  mature pacific salmon  and     steelhead. abundant chinook and coho salmon in returns as big as the good old days.  


 




fall stamp river packages 
amazing world class chinook coho salmon run every fall. so abundant that retention opportunities still exist today! join us for great fishing, food in our amazing lodge. all meals, accommodation and guided fishing
trip details »







 

 the stamp river winter steelhead
winter steelhead are a distinct run of  steelhead that arrive to their 	    						 home rivers during the months of  december, january, february,     march and leave during april. 							 

 




winter steelhead fishing - jet boat
fully guided day trips with all equipment. you set the agenda based on how many days you would like to fish.
trip details »







 
the most trusted equipment available

our team has been working with key  manufacturers for decades developing some of the best angling equipment  available on the coast today.  

we pro staff for the finest of them all and contribute to those products continual innovation and improvements.

 




365 days a year...
1.877.218.6600
we live to fish & we  fish to live


facebook
twitter

instagram

fishing report




photo galleries
sign-up to our newsletter

 


as featured on 








  








kyuquot sound

tuna fishing

kyuquot salmon & halibut

kyuquot fishing trips

trip planning

after your trip



ucluelet

ucluelet salmon & halibut

online instant booking

ucluelet fishing trips

trip planning



stamp river - fall

online booking- full packages

stamp river salmon & steelhead

stamp river salmon fish/dine/stay pkgs

stamp river salmon & steelhead day charters

trip planning



stamp river - winter

online booking - day charters

stamp river winter steelhead

stamp river fishing trips

trip planning



contact



home





					kerry took me and 2 of my buddies out fishing on sunday and i wanted to say we have a great time, and kerry was fantastic! he was a great teacher, cheerleader and just a good guy to hang out with for 8 hours! wonder memories. a big thank you to you and your crew! 
					
– russ w


					what can i say? the best trip ever. thanks for getting us out there. we look forward to our next trip next year and this time we will book all of our boats					
– bruce





murphy sportfishing

toll-free 1.877.218.6600 • local 1-250-723-8022
info@murphysportfishing.com




website design by incontrol solutionspowered by webmastercms (m)
 ...










