

  








plum pa |









































skip to main content





















































 

home




            keywords          







 



 


 



government








about the borough of plumthe mission of the borough of plum is to provide exceptional public service and safety in a manner that exceeds the needs of our residents, visitors and businesses.plum borough is located in allegheny county, approximately 13 miles east of the city of pittsburgh in western pennsylvania. plum borough is the second largest borough in the state of pennsylvania comprising 29 square miles of land area and containing a population of 27,126 according to the 2010 census.plum borough was founded as plum township in 1788 and was one of allegheny county's first seven townships. it was reorganized as a borough in 1956. the historical development of plum borough was closely tied to the industries which developed here including coal mining, aluminum powder manufacturing and gas and oil production.   with the development of new residential neighborhoods and the expansion of existing ones, plum borough's population will continue to grow and there is plenty of land available for all purposes including residential, commercial, industrial and agricultural development. click to learn more... 









boards and commissionscitizens guide - right to knowcouncilcouncil committeeslegislatorsmission statementopen meetingspa office of open recordspa's right to know lawrequest to speak formsunshine law 








departments







        departments      


administration
borotv
finance










community development
police
public safety
public works







 all departments 







residents







        apply for      

residential building permitresidential occupancy permitwater authority dye test 





        stay informed      

facebooksavvy citizenin plum magazineplum borotv 







        find      

plum midget football associationplum baseball and softballplum soccerplum lacrosseemploymenttax office contactlibrary 





        view      

budgetscouncil minutes & agendasadditional forms & permits 







        request      

garbage / recycling informationhousehold hazardous waste/e-wastepolice servicesnon-emergency request formanimal control 







how do i?







hours of operationonline file centermeeting videossubscribe 







contact ususeful linkscontacts directoryminutes & agendas 







about the borough of plumelectronic newsletterfrequently asked questions 







become a savvy citizen! 













 garbage and stormwater billing change for 2025 
 read more »  

 
















mayor's office
new residents
forms & documents
calendar
council agendas & minutes




boroconnect
borohaps
right to know
public notices
facility rentals
stormwater management
bid invitations
find your polling place
employment
injection well
community development applications

 























        boro calendar      

 





all upcoming events 


 








news
social media






 

 
 
 garbage and stormwater billing change for 2025 » 
        solid waste and stormwater fees are currently billed monthly or quarterly by the plum borough municipal authority (pbma...   

 

 
 
 garbage collection delays » 
 due to incoming weather conditions and road restrictions county hauling will be delaying garbage collection for...   

 

 
 
 barnes road restriction  » 
        plum borough public works will be restricting barnes road to a single lane beginning today, 12/4/2024.  this...   



    view all  

 





 the borough of plumthe borough of plumthe borough of plumthe borough of plum 



 



 


 

 





borough of plum2000 mike thomas way, pittsburgh, pa 15239phone: (412) 795-6800website disclaimer | government websites by civicplus®

login 








