







haje jan kamps















































        
          
            haje jan kamps
          
        
      




















































              home
            

              writings
            

              bibliography
            



        pitch coaching
      

        podcast
      

        photo portfolio
      



























































































homewritingsbibliography





                
                  
                    haje jan kamps
                  
                
              




pitch coachingpodcastphoto portfolio









scroll








haje jan kampsor: what once was a website is now just a bunch of links





















i help founders raise moneyi wrote a book about pitching your startup to vcs. i help founders shape their stories.


















i write for techcrunch. i cover mostly hardware and some general news. here’s my articles. if you want to send me tips or pitch me, try tc@kamps.org. you can schedule a call with me for an article here, but for heaven’s sake, don’t use that link unless we’ve talked (or, more likely, emailed) about it first. thanks. 


















i hang out on social media some timesi tweet at @haje. (yes really). you can also find me on linkedin but i don’t connect with people i haven’t met and/or done business with. oh, and i instagram from time to time. i do use facebook, but i’ve got that shit locked down. you probably wouldn’t want to witness my descent into madness anyway. 


















i run a couple of podcasts. one is all mine, and it’s about the meaning of life. the other one is called human awareness. it’s about love, intimacy, and sexuality, and i host it for the human awareness institute. 








a resume of sorts 










oh hey, look, weird hair colors. 





in 2021, i re-joined techcrunch as a writer. but i wrote about that above, so you knew that already. in late 2019, i started to coach founders who are trying to get new companies off the ground. haje.me has more info. in 2019, i co-founded konf, building the future of digital events and conferences. in 2018, i joined bolt, a vc firm investing in the intersection between hardware and software.in 2017, i co-founded lifefolder, a company trying to encourage people to plan for end of life.in 2016, i co-founded screencloud, a company helping marketing managers get control over their digital signage. in 2011, i founded triggertrap, creating a hardware/software solution for photographers wanting to trigger their cameras in creative and interesting ways.i've written a ton of books, mostly about photography.i founded the photocritic photography school, a free newsletter-based photo school.i wrote for techcrunch for a bit.i'm occasionally on stages, speaking somewhat coherently about awesome things in the world of technology.i write. a lot. usually about startups, occasionally about photography. some of it is on medium.








home



pitch coaching



techcrunch



social media



podcasts



resume










be well







powered by squarespacethat’s also why this site looks like garbage, but hey - i’m not a web designer, so i’m afraid you’ll have to make do. 











