





post-frame building materials and supply | burrow's




































complete post-frame building solutions, materials, and supply






ach paylink
contact













main navigation


about

who we serve
testimonials
your support team
leadership
our history
employee-owned


building packages

overview
barndominiums
shops & garages
commercial
agricultural
equestrian


builder support

overview
design & engineering
fast estimating
order accuracy
materials supply
on-time delivery
smartbuild


resources

videos
literature
training
financing




 

 
 









complete supply solutions for post-frame builders
 











designs you want
meet customers' needs and budgets with building solutions for barndos, shops, garages, agricultural facilities, and equestrian structures.

read more







support you need
work with a dedicated coordinator to serve you from project design to completion and to provide you with additional business support and guidance.

read more







delivered and unloaded
for timely, accurate delivery of materials to your job site, burrow's maintains its own fleet of trucks that operates nationwide—and we unload everything for you.

read more











better barndos begin with better floor plans
capitalize on booming interest in barndos with 35 contemporary floor plans from design pro stacee lynn and 10 traditional style floor plans from our exclusive burrow's collection. our build better barndos guide will show you the way.


barndominium success kit
kit includes 45 barndo floor plans and 11 reasons why post-frame is your best choice!
get the success kit

















post-frame building packages
meet budget and design needs with a building package engineered and manufactured specifically for your project.

get started




solutions and services
rely on the insights and guidance from our support team to increase your productivity and sell more post-frame buildings. 

let's talk




serving independent builders
professional independent builders like you trust us as their partners in the competitive, growing post-frame market.

our promise




100% employee-owned
dedicated to the success of our company. we care like owners because we are.

why it matters













create customized post-frame building designs with ease, quickly generate customer estimates so you can win more projects, and submit accurate material orders.
 build smarter















40 years strong
decades of experience at your service















home
building packages
builder support
resources
about
contact






















burrow's
101 leaning tree roadfort gibson, ok 74434 
800.766.5793 



smartbuild








        		© burrow construction llc  all rights reserved.
        		



site map
privacy policy




cookie settings

























