 


real sky astrology-free tarot readings-tarot cards-new.moon.trading.co




 



































home


about the artist


what's new


real sky moon cycles


trading- order tarot


company-links & more


virtual deck tour


journey into egypt tarot


julie's gallery


2014 lecture atnorthstar


julie on youtube



















real sky astrology-free tarot readings-tarot cards-new.moon.trading.co

homepage of tarot artist julie cuccia-watts











   powered by 






 
less than 100 copies of the limited first edition signed and numbered are still available click the paypal icon above for payment options
 
 

 
the new real sky astrology chart maker collection
true size constellations spread cloth

 real sky astrology chart maker cards

the real sky astrology™ chart maker cards are available! 80 cards for setting up charts go with the spread cloth of true constellation sizes. use your own planet markers, charms or stones to mark where the planets are or use my planetary mini cards available at printerstudio. the real sky astrology chart maker cards gives you all the horoscope cards from the real sky astrology oracle of the great year remastered to feature the rising sign, plus egyptian god sign cards, moon phase cards, and house description cards so clients can learn about astrological houses right along with the reading. i’m really excited about this colorful tool for illustrating the real sky…read for yourself, clients or social media.
 
the real sky astrologer's note book

real sky astrologer’s notebook by julie cuccia-watts is the perfect companion for the real sky astrology™ chart maker cards and the real sky astrology™ true size constellation spread cloth by julie cuccia-watts. jot down all your important chart information in this handy little notebook. you will have all your charts in one convenient place for quick and easy reference. part of julie’s newest real sky astrology™ chart maker series.
 
 planet charms
use with the real sky astrology chart maker cards or real sky astrology oracle of the great year.  planet charms are hand made one at a time by julie.

planet charms include: the sun, 8 moon phases, mercury, venus, mars, jupiter, saturn, uranus, neptune, and pluto
12mm to 6mm in size. 



   powered by 
 
 
 
 





more real sky!

												 







 
 
new  real sky astrology oracle of the great year cards
are all available!
 


 
buy individual ages or get all 432 cards in bulk without the boxes and save!
get all 432 cards click here:

 
buy individual ages with boxes below:
age of aquarius cards
 

age of pisces cards

age of aries cards

age of taurus cards

age of gemini cards

age of cancer cards

age of leo cards

 
age of virgo

 
age or libra

 
age of scorpio

 
age of sagittarius

 
age of capricorn

36 cards per pack.
 
new real sky astrology oracle of the great year
 first five guide books are available on lulu now.
 
the real sky astrology oracle of the great year  a series of 12 book and deck sets that will explore the 26,000 year cycle of the precession through each age. julie cuccia-watts expands on her real sky astrology ideas with her first oracle. this project with 12 sets of 36 cards a total of 432 cards is an expansive interactive oracle. the series will look at the history, geology, and spirituality in each age. you can read through the ages as well as reading for your current birth chart based on your real sky rising sign. the oracle also includes the moon cycles for each sun sign.
 
age of aquarius
 

 
age of pisces

 
age of aries

 
age of taurus

 
age of gemini

age of khepra

get all six ages shown above in volume 1
 
age of leo

 
 
age of virgo 
 

 
just released!!
 
the real sky astrology oracle of the great year
age of libra guide book
 
 

 
 
 
 
volume i includes age of aquarius, age of pisces, age of aries, age of taurus, age of gemini, and age of kheprareal sky astrology oracle of the great year 
 
 
 
spread cloth. available now on printerstudio!

18 planetary mini marker cards 
for doing real sky astrology natal chart readings readings
 



upcoming events october 5th and 6th
woman & spirituality conference 2024
julie is teaching again this year... working with moon phases
order the new moonwise book here:

 
 
 
real sky astrology 2nd edition workbook is now available
 
 

 
the journey into egypt tarot
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
updated real sky astrology tarot at printerstudio in large tarot sized, poker sized and mini


 
 
 
real sky astrology
egyptian god signs 
by julie cuccia-watts 
is the second book in her real sky astrology series. this book is created specifically as a guide for her real sky astrology egyptian god signs class, at the 39th annual women & spirituality conference in rochester, mn. egyptian god signs is the quintessential uncovering of what may be a deeper insight into the symbolism inherent in our modern astrology glyphs. find out what real sky astrology egyptian gods say about where the planets were on the day you were born. you may not be the sign you thought you were, you may be someone even better.

									 

									 
explore julie's journey of ever evolving tarot creations.
from ancestral path to real sky astrology
1988-2021
ancestral path tarot

 

 
the new remastered
blue moon tarot
blue moon tarot is a newly remastered vintage majors only tarot deck based on the 13 full moons and 8 cross-quarter days. the deck has the original text from 1998 with updated color images available


 
maat tarot

get a free reading with maat tarot
 
small poker sized maat tarot and journey into egypt tarot are now available
the new larger sized maat tarot is now available 3.5"x 5.75!

large sized maat 
the remastered maat tarot guide book in paperback and hardcover with the newest maat tarot with updated color images, printed on demand at lulu. available now. 

 
 
julie's real sky astrology deck is available now.
 

 
 
journey into egypt tarot
get a free reading with the journey into egypt tarot 
the unsigned journey into egypt tarot on demand version at printerstudio
 
             
journey into egypt hardcover guidebook

                                                                                                          
journey into egypt guidebook paperback

  
 
 
you can own an original oil painting used in the 
journey into egypt tarot
 
 
read a review
the journey into egypt tarot workbook
 




								 


two tarot coloring books for adults
journey into egypt tarot


adult coloring book-this book is a delightful collection of colorless line drawn illustrations for you to color. the images are black and white line drawings of julie cuccia-watts’ new tarot deck the journey into egypt tarot. the new journey into egypt tarot takes a look at    “real sky”     astrology juxtaposed with the ancient egyptian   three-season    calendar against a backdrop of foreign historical cultures ancient egypt influenced.   the journey into egypt tarot is a unique tarot deck based on the ancient calendar systems of ancient  egypt and  real sky lunar astrology. the journey into egypt tarot coloring book gives everyone a chance to reconnect with his or her inner child while learning about this wonderful new deck system.    so grab your favorite crayons,  colored pencils  or  pens  and  let’s have a  journey  into ancient   egypt with julie’s journey into egypt tarot. 
 
maat tarot coloring book

 
print: $20.50
the maat tarot coloring book by julie cuccia-watts is the perfect way to learn the maat tarot. 78 images to color based on the popular maat tarot use the original deck colors or choose your own. 

the journey into egypt tarot and maat tarot app  
available for iphone, ipad and android!

the journey into egypt tarot app is available at
fool's dog.com


the maat tarot app is available at
fool's dog.com


contact julie
realskyastrology@gmail.com
 
 on social media
facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
 
 
ancient archival tarot references 
maat tarot study group on aeclectic tarot
the journey into egypt tarot study group on aeclectic tarot
julie's ancient tarot blog
 maat tarot deck evolution
 journey into egypt tarot deck evolution
©julie cuccia-watts 2023











powered by macwebsitebuilder.com easy web page builder
















