

round earth publishing











new! 
	   . . . conquering concussion.





p. o. box 157, sewickley, pa 15143  
      (412) 741-7286  
	  www.round-earth.com






sewing patterns


for martial arts, 
	  anime & cosplay
	  fashion & fun 
      
aikido

books & videos training 
      materials





new! kappogi ("mama-san 
      apron"). 
	  this traditional japanese apron is easy to 
      make, easy to wear, and a natural for piecing, embroidery, or 
      other handwork.
new! women's dogi 
      patterna gi for martial artists with curves. shaped wrap-and-tie 
      style jacket with optional shoulder pads, traditional gusseted pants. 
      includes detailed instructions on adjusting fit to individual 
      measurements. 
new! adult 
      dobuk pattern pullover jacket, belt, and traditional 
      gusseted pants with choice of drawstring or elastic waist. 
      adult 
      dogi (gi) pattern for karate or aikido. traditional wrap-and-tie 
      style jacket with no shoulder seams. gusseted pants with drawstring 
      waist and optional knee-patches. 
hakama patterntraditional 7-pleat 
      split (aikido) or skirt (archery) style. this is a paper pattern (not 
      just measurements), sized by actual hip measurement (not leg length). make 
      a hakama with style and quality!

women's dogi
patterns listed here are printed on sturdy bond paper, 
      not tissue. 
      you can actually stitch the pieces together to check sizing or 
      technique before cutting fabric.


health & healing 
 
new! migraine brains 
      and bodies. excerpts and info 
      
	    contents
on finding the source of your pain
on mapping body pain (pdf)
charts of textbook pain patterns. compare with your own symptoms.  
        postural 
        strain

myofascial 
      pain amazingly common,rarely considered head and neck pain
why migraine and even sinus pain can come from your legs, neck, and 
      jaw. 
	  
	  

conquering concussion.
you might think of this as migraine book 2. migraine and concussion are strongly related. 
	  meanwhile, excerpts coming here. 




do these 
      pain patterns look familiar?
many mysterious pains come from muscles, often far from 
      where you feel the pain. see why kneecap pain may be coming from 
      your hip, why sinus pain and migraines (and their neurological 
      symptoms) may be coming from shoulder and neck, or even from 
      thighs, legs, or feet. 
      if kneeling hurts and swordwork gives you headaches, range-of-motion 
      (rom) testing will help locate and correct the underlying muscular causes. 
      improve flexibility for yoga, dance, and martial arts, and stop pain 
      before it starts. 
      but what is rom testing? it is essentially "muscle length" testing. 
      test muscles involved in head, neck, shoulder, sinus and migraine pain 
      with this sampler of rom tests excerpted 
      and adapted from our range-of-motion 
      testing charts. 
      directory of articles on this 
      site 
knee pain
where it hurts and why "strengthening" exercises may hurt more than 
      help muscle-related diagnoses the "reverse 
      directory" of muscle problems. list of 
      entrapments neurological? muscular? why it's 
      often both. head injury
concussion and other traumatic head injury (tbi) and how to deal with 
      it. neurofeedback
healing the pain and dysfunction of traumatic brain injury 
      




ordering
you can order securely on-line through our yahoo! store. you can also use our printable order form. please print and sign 
your name exactly as it appears on the card with correct billing address, 
expiration date, security code and delivery address. mail checks / money orders to: round earth publishing, po box 
157, sewickley, pa 15143. 
us residents may request a printed 
catalog. 
please note: we do not provide our mailing list or your personal 
information to anyone! 
round earth publishing 
p.o. box 157 
sewickley, pa 15143 
phone: 412-741-7286 
url: www.round-earth.com 
send email 
(sales@round-earth.com)



copyright(c) 2013 round earth 
publishing. all rights reserved.
www.round-earth.com



