







about us - global travel........leading the way for corporate travel management in singapore since 1975





























































 

 











toggle navigation



book a flight (coming soon)
our story 

about us
globalstar travel management


services 

corporate travel management
business events & destination management
leisure travel
south korea visa application


travel articles
travel insurance 

aig insurance
etiqa insurance
chubb insurance


contact us
 











global travel
leading the way in corporate travel management in singapore since 1975

"one-stop" travel management solutions 

 

 












 




over 45 years of experience
incorporated in 1975, we rank amongst the top locally-owned independent travel management companies in singapore with a global network.







our people make the difference
our staff have the have an average of 9 years of corporate travel management and ticketing experience. our commitment is to provide the highest standard of service coupled with the latest in travel technology to meet the unique requirements of all of our clients.







over 120 awards
every year, global travel receives the top agent award from different leading airlines in the industry.


 






the best choice for travel in singaporeat global travel, our ability to understand each client’s unique requirements and expectations has set us apart from our competitors for over 45 years. together with our leisure division, scenic travel, we offer customised, “one-stop” travel management solutions: 

corporate travel programme managementwith a team of travel professionals applying the right expertise and backed by a global network, our corporate travel management team efficiently adapts products and services to fit our clients’ needs.gt viewwe are pleased to introduce our new mobile app, gtview. we hope that it will become a trusted companion in your travels.business events, exhibitions and destination managementour business events (mice) and destination management (dmc) teams are highly experienced in organising travel for groups of all sizes. we provide a one-stop solution from travel arrangement to event management. our inbound specialists will also be able to customise tours and events for your delegates in singapore.leisure travel and toursscenic travelscenic travel was incorporated in singapore in 1984 as the leisure arm of global travel pte ltd. we have more than 37 years of travel experience. we are the general sales agent for globus, cosmos, avalon waterways, monograms, hurtigruten cruises and rocky mountaineer, and the preferred sales agent for celestyal cruises and regent seven seas cruises. we also provide cruises, rail, free & easy, religious tours and sports travel packages. 




 





contact us
about us
corporate travel management
business events & destination management
leisure travel
privacy policy
hestia | developed by themeisle 




	website maintained by justclickshop


















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok



