


lock america inc. // padlocks - propane locks - cam locks - gas pump locks // lock america inc., the definitive word in locks

































print

menu



home


about us


locks


news


resources


install guides


employment


contact us


 


sales@laigroup.com
800.422.2866 / 951.277.5180
































































welcome
for more than 40 years, lock america has been an innovative market leader in a wide range of industries that demand lock and security hardware.









business is booming!
calls coming in, and
orders flying out!
we need help for sales,
service and production!
join our winning team!
click here for details!






 









propane and anhydrous ammonia tank locks
                patent-pending fill valve lock for propane and anhydrous ammonia tanks and patent-pending polock, all with registered key codes.
            




vending
                        featuring t-handles with and without their own locks, the millennium™ round lock and a range of security locks.
                    


vending
                        featuring t-handles with and without their own locks, the millennium™ round lock and a range of security locks.
                    




gas pump dispenser locks
                stop theft at the gas pump with lock america's high security system.
            


self-storage locksnew! combo disk lock!
                retail, keyed alike and cylinder locks, standard and replacement latches.
            




bulk vending
                full range of locks and hardware for every market.
            


pay station locks
                high security lock kits to protect against theft and vandalism.
            

 
atms & kiosks
                high security locks for several applications, including atm and kiosk security.
            


information destruction
                console and bin locks, slam locks, high security and padlocks.
            



 
government security lock programs
                    key control systems with identity
                    labeling to ensure security and
                    deter theft.
               


 
trucking locks
                high security pick and drill resistant locks with alloy shackles.
            


sanitation / collection and recycle locks
                full range of security levels for portable sanitation, restaurant grease collection and recycling, biofuel and environmental services.
            


gaming and amusement
                high security locks with millions of registered key codes.
            


products for a wide range of industries and applications
our catalogs





high security locks
                high security pick-proof, drill-proof and bump-proof padlocks, cam locks, t-handle locks and the patented millennium™ lock.
            


tubular locks
                pick and drill-resistant tubular cam locks, t-handle locks and plug locks.
            


accessory catalog
                a wide variety of accessories to compliment our lock and security systems.
            


money handling
                high quality durable money-handling equipment and currency validators for a wide range of industries.
            


self storage locks
new! combo disk lock! a wide range of keyed alike and packaged padlocks, disk and cylinder locks, and security latches.
            




protect your business at the access point!


           case study: defending communities against scrap metal theft | icma.org, icma magazine, august, 2024.
        

lock america teams with d&m manufacturing to combat rash of fire hydrant thefts.



           oil & energy online: gearing up for next season
        

secure your propane tank network to ensure maximum cash flow and profits, and adherence to your autofill contracts.



           oil & energy online: dispatches from the war against retail petroleum
        

the best ways to defend against pulsar attacks on petroleum dispensers.



           oil & energy online: why steal data when you can steal gas?
        

comprehensive lock systems from companies such as lock america manufacture a range of locks across a dozen industries, with unique key blanks and key codes registered uniquely to each customer. the key is the smallest part of your security system. it is also the first line of protection and deterrence.



           self service carwash magazine, spring 2022.
        

secure the cash at your carwash at the access points.






















news & related articles





components of a strong self-storage security plan
strengthening the weakest link in your security chain
overcoming the threat of the bump key

marketing self-storage security



 
 

 
 


corporate location






trade associations
































copyright © 2007-2025 lock america, inc.

		dba. l.a.i. group, 9168 stellar court, corona ca 92883 | sales@laigroup.com | www.laigroup.com
		offices located in california, massachusetts, mexico, taiwan and the united kingdom
		telephone  951.277.5180  |  fax  951.277.5170  |  toll free  800.422.2866









						this website is powered by netgain seo  |  www.netgainseo.com











