



	smart commute


smart commutesmart commute










 



skip to form



       










  


















  



skip to navigation bar







edit mailing address



                ensure that your mailing address is up-to-date to receive the prizes you win.
            











save & close





















ok
ok
confirm
cancel

















ok

confirm

cancel











true


 




















contact us








cancel

submit
















skip to main body





skip to content












   

(en)


 
                                                    site language
                                                
 english français      








welcome back!



userid













 

register



















   about    about smart commute   how to guide   our service area      for the public    my commute options   log my trips   school travel   events and campaigns   smart commute calculator      for employers    program benefits   workplace services   learn more      for employees    program benefits   how we can help you   emergency ride home      




















please wait while we retrieve your account information






  





find commute options





















welcome to smart
                commute



smart commute is a greater toronto and hamilton area (gtha),
                cities of greater sudbury and london, and bruce county program that helps individuals and organizations
                travel efficiently and sustainably. this benefits individuals and communities in many ways including
                reducing congestion,
                improving people’s health and taking action on climate change. to achieve this, the program provides
                tools and resources that support and incentivize cycling, walking, carpooling and transit as easy and
                convenient ways to get around. smart commute’s customized programming for workplaces can improve their
                employees’ commutes, reduce parking challenges and increase travel options.

smart commute invites you to bundle up for winter commute month in february! winter commute month is all
                about embracing the season, building sustainable habits, and tracking your impact along the way. each
                trip - whether by bike, carpool, public transit, or on foot - can reduce emissions, help to ease traffic
                congestion, and contribute to cleaner air.
participate by logging your sustainable trips on the tool and attending webinars.
carpooling and the smart commute tool
(view the recording here)
cycling in all weather conditions
(view the recording here) 
how daily travel contributes to quality of life in canada
(click here to register) 






register now for the tool and
                            contest!


the smart commute tool is the web app where you log your trips. once you register on the smart commute tool,
            track your february sustainable trips to automatically be entered into the draw for a gift card.to log your trips click the link below to sign up or log in. 
please visit your local smart commute website below for more campaign details, including contest
                rules.

durham region: sc durham region
halton municipalities:  sc halton municipalities

city of hamilton: sc hamilton
york region: sc central york;sc markham,
                    richmond hill; sc north
                    toronto, vaughan
city of toronto: sc toronto
city of greater sudbury: sc sudbury
city of london: sc london
bruce county: sc bruce county








download the smartcommute.ca app

find rideshare partners
log your commute on the go
enter contests and win prizes












download the smartcommute.ca app how to guide

learn about new features, how to log your trips and benefits of using the trip logging and ride matching
                tool
learn
                more


covid-19 information for commuters

time to start planning how you'll commute?
learn
                more






find a sustainable, healthy way to commute.







carpool









transit









cycle









walk









telework




















thank you to our regional partners









































































site map




 







    smart commute calculator      terms & conditions        privacy statement        



 contact us 



  *** select a topic *** general comments / feedback questions / enquiries technical comments technical support request   
 name  email   phone  comments   














copyright 2025. a ridesharktm solution. all rights reserved. international patents pending.




















version 4.1.5.1.18 - 0.20.9-rc.164












   





 









