






















st. louis new home builder: cf. vatterott - building new homes in st. louis, st. charles, creve coeur, jefferson county, missouri and st. clair county, il 



  






login  
			

 314.427.4000		  


 






home
about us

about cf. vatterott
why cf. vatterott
why green building
testimonials


our communities 

map of communities
boulevard heights
charless village
indian spring
new town
st. henry place
terry park place
the enclave at strawberry ridge
west end estates


fast track homes 

all fast track homes
boulevard heights inventory
charless village inventory
indian spring inventory
new town inventory
st. henry place inventory
terry park place inventory
the enclave at strawberry ridge inventory
west end estates inventory


cfv news
home remodeling
contact us
 

     








featured community



 
st. louis city, mo


from the $290,000s


quick move-in homes 





keep in touch



cf. vatterott
	10143 paget drive	
	st. louis, mo 63132
phone: 314.427.4000
fax: 314.427.5589  



recent vatterott news




west end court ii ribbon cutting ceremony
- posted on november 4, 2020


cf. vatterott is bringing a new plan to boulevard heights!
- posted on september 30, 2020


cf. vatterott honors rep. john lewis & remembers all of his accomplishments 
- posted on july 22, 2020


home design trends in 2020
- posted on may 27, 2020


we are open!
- posted on may 18, 2020







over 26,000 families have chosen homes by cf. vatterott



 
install or enable java







cf. vatterott holds a premier place among st. louis home builders. established in 1919 by charles f. vatterott (click button to the left to hear edward r. murrow's "this i believe" segment from 1952 with charles f. vatterott), cf. vatterott is one of the oldest and most recognized names in the community, offering new homes of unexcelled quality in many areas of greater st.louis including the city of st. louis, st. louis county, st. charles county, and jefferson county, and in illinois. 
			
			one of the reasons for cf. vatterott's continuing success in building new homes in st. louis is our absolute commitment to customer service. it is evident from the moment you enter one of our display models to the day you move into your new home.
			
			we invite you to explore the information presented here and then visit a cf. vatterott community to see first hand why the homes of thousands of st. louisans are vatterott homes! 
			




do you have a home to sell?
cf. vatterott offers these great programs just for you!
 
more information 

						$5,000 of professional property management at no charge!
						download flyer


						$5,000 of maintenance services credited at closing!
						download flyer


						need to sell your current home before you make your next move? cf vatterott can help! 
						download flyer



close [x] 





giving back
 
more information 

					established in 1948, the vatterott foundation is a private foundation providing grants to st. louis area charitable organizations. the vatterott foundation provides support for: 
					
elementary and secondary education for economically disadvantaged youth
roman catholic organizations, and human services agencies serving the poor
programs that serve minority populations and enhance racial equality


www.vatterottfoundation.org

close [x] 







looking to rent?

 check out vatterott properties!


www.vatterottproperties.com




golfers...
 
more information 

					eagle springs golf club offers an 18-hole championship course that is 6,583 yards and plays to par 72 from the back tees, characterized by large by large greens, rolling terrain and bunkers situated so that they receive only very errant shots.
					

www.eaglesprings.com

close [x] 








home |
			about us |
			our communities |
			fast track homes |
			cfv news | 
			home remodeling |
			contact us












a better business bureau of eastern missouri and southern illinois accredited business



			powered by   
			copyright © 2025 by critical mass web design  
			all rights reserved.
	




