


 home - strength of nature

















strength of nature - home 



our brands

all brands
mega growth
shea butter miracle
dream kids
soft & beautiful
elasta qp
beautiful textures
relax refresh
growth renew
botanicals
olive miracle
tcb naturals
smart perm
pro-line



about

careers
philanthropy



news

strength of nature acquisition annoucement
meet the multicultural haircare maestro
global hair care company provides beauty products and business opportunities to women
city honors longtime resident with proclamation june 2010 savannah, georgia
mario de la guardia, sr. honored for service to the community june 2011 savannah, georgia


customer service



toggle menu






international house of brands
reinforcing strength and positivity
strength of nature is an international hair care company with a wide variety of brands, for all different hair styles and types, that all reinforce positive messages.




 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 








 
gorgeous growth
you’re mega protected from breakage
we’ve done all the research on the fundamental causes of hair and scalp damage and how to help prevent it. you no longer need to worry about your hair breaking as it’s made stronger with effective natural ingredients. healthy hair starts with megagrowth.
grow strong






back to natural
get the moisture max protection you deserve
love your curls, kinks, and waves. get the intense moisture your natural tresses need. african pride shea butter miracle uses all-natural ingredients to reduce breakage and dryness so you get the look, feel and texture you want while keeping your hair naturally healthy.
moisture enriched curls







 


it’s a little miracle
a gentle approach to styling your little one
strength of nature’s dream kids olive miracle uses the finest african herbs and extra virgin olive oil to strengthen and protect your little one’s hair. begin a lifetime of gorgeous, healthy hair with dream kids.
style with ease







 
touchable condition
unforgettable shine and conditioning
achieve the ultimate in hydration formula. exclusive to soft and beautiful, this system will leave your hair feeling touchably soft and conditioned. say goodbye to dry, dull hair and hello to an unforgettable touchably soft hair with a fierce shine.
condition and shine







 
unmatched salon quality
get the quality you deserve
born in salons, elastaqp is formulated to render salon quality results that allow you to style with no limits and protect and nourish your hair. if you want unparalleled products that allow you to style your hair at home whether you have naturally curly, relaxed, or colored treated hair choose elastaqp.
style with no limits







 
define your textured mane
achieve ultimate style flexibility
get the perfect curl with beautiful textures. beautiful textures has the right mix of olive oil, coconut, aragan, shea and avocado to help you moisturize, elongate, define and style your curl as desired. take the stress of manageability and enjoy styling your curls with the help of beautiful textures.
curlies can have it all







 
profectiv’s hair care systems provide the ultimate in scalp and color protection. growth renew prevents hair damage while you wear weaves, extensions braids and wigs, while the relax & refresh system features a new patented color neutralizing shampoo that adds semi-permanent color for a constantly fresh look.
grow and refresh






 
profectiv’s hair care systems provide the ultimate in scalp and color protection. growth renew prevents hair damage while you wear weaves, extensions braids and wigs, while the relax & refresh system features a new patented color neutralizing shampoo that adds semi-permanent color for a constantly fresh look.
grow and refresh






 
naturally inspired beauty
experience ultra nourishing natural oils and butters that help moisturize, repair and strengthen while gently protecting hair and scalp from damage. perfect for natural curls, straight styles or color-treated hair, soft & beautiful botanicals will give you with healthy-looking hair with radiant shine.
ultra nourishing






 
african pride’s olive miracle system bottles nature’s miracle formulas to moisturize and eliminate scalp dryness, reduce breakage, strengthen your roots and ends, and keep your hair looking beautiful all day long. it’s a natural miracle in a bottle.
nature’s miracle






 
experience exotic shine and moisture
packed with enriching olive oil and vitamin e, tcb naturals products are essential to maintaining strong, healthy and brilliant hair. they condition deep into your scalp eliminating dryness while at the same time keeping your hair manageable and giving it the ultimate shine.







 
silky smooth hair begins at your roots. smartperm’s anti-breakage, gentle no-lye relaxer replenishes your hair follicles and strengthens your ends giving you the strong protection you need. nothing keeps your hair guarded from the everyday elements like smartperm.







 
for soft, textured waves that last, look no further than pro-line’s new and improved roster of wave keeper, softener and moisturizer product. simply comb the no-lye-relaxer through your waves to achieve a brilliant shine and full body in just minutes.




strength of nature - international house of brands
©  strength of nature company, all rights reserved

 




strength of nature - international house of brands
©  strength of nature company, all rights reserved
 




