



monfort college of business at the university of northern colorado




























jump to main content










give
visit
apply
request info









menu




apply
visit
request information
give
home
programs



undergraduate programs
graduate programs
east colorado sbdc
innovation talk




future students



admissions
advising center
business residential learning community
clubs and organizations
day in the life of mcb freshman (videos)
facebook
majors, minors & emphasis areas




professional experience & career development
prospective student brochure
student ambassadors
study abroad
technology
transfer student services
tutors




students



scholarships
advising center
bearmail
business research center
canvas
class schedules
clubs & organizations
communication resource toolkit




departments
ets resources
professional experience & career development
reserve a practice room
student ambassadors




study abroad
technology
tutors
unc center for career readiness
unc library
wall street journal access




faculty/staff



business research
canvas
communications resource toolkit
faculty success
journal quality list
office of sponsored programs




outlook web access
reserve a practice room
sharepoint
standard statements
submit help desk ticket (it)
technology
unc library
wall street journal access




alumni/donors

alumni - update contact information
allen mcconnell distinguished chair
business excellence awards
dean's leadership council
donate to mcb
get involved
linkedin group
students in the news
mbaac


recruiters

post a job/internship
students in the news
unc center for career readiness


about us

accreditation
students in the news
contact us
faculty/staff directory
ken monfort (our namesake)
mcb honor code
mcb learning goals & objectives
pillars of performance excellence











monfort college of business








monfort college of business
producing career ready leaders












welcome to the monfort college of business, where we are dedicated to leading the
                              way in immersive business education and career preparation. our mission is clear:
                              to prepare students for leadership and successful careers through immersive learning
                              and a student-centered career development series. we achieve this by equipping our
                              students with essential knowledge, tools, and inspiration, advancing business practices
                              through quality research, promoting entrepreneurship, and fostering professional engagement
                              within the community. as an aacsb accredited institution, we are committed to providing
                              the highest quality education and empowering our students to reach their full potential.
                              join us in shaping a brighter future for business leaders. 




stay connected



























contact us
kepner hallcampus box 128phone: (970) 351-2764
monfortcollegeofbusiness@unco.edu
office hours
8:00 am – 5:00 pmmonday - friday









experiential learning at mcb is not just a buzzword; it's the foundation of our educational
                                 philosophy. we believe that true learning happens not only within the walls of a classroom
                                 but out there in the real world. that's why we're committed to providing our students
                                 with immersive, hands-on experiences that set them up for success.
learn about our professional experience programs








our legacy as a top business school
the association to advance collegiate schools of business (aacsb international) awards
                           accreditation to the top business schools worldwide, and mcb is among the elite schools
                           accredited in both business administration and accounting. more info and metrics.
monfort college of business is the first and only business program to receive the malcolm baldrige national quality award from the office of the president of the united states (2004).





who we are
vision:  the monfort college of business will serve as a leading provider of immersive business
                              education and career preparation.
mission: the monfort college of business prepares students for leadership and successful
                              careers through immersive learning and a student-centered career development series.
we support our mission by:  equipping students with the necessary knowledge, tools and inspiration to reach
                              their potential.  advancing business practice through quality research.  promoting
                              entrepreneurship; and, professional engagement in the community.




our programs
the business world is constantly evolving, and that's why we offer a dynamic and cutting-edge
                           business program that equips you with the skills, knowledge, and confidence you need
                           to thrive in today's competitive landscape. explore different avenues of business
                           that will serve you in any career you choose. 


undergraduate majors
the monfort college of business offers 3 distinct major programs: business administration,
                                 recreation, tourism & hospitality, and software engineering. students may choose an
                                 concentration: accounting, computer information systems, finance, institutions and
                                 risk management, wealth and asset management, management, entrepreneurship, human
                                 resources management or marketing to specialize in a more distinct field. 

business administration
accounting
computer information systems
finance
institutions and risk management
wealth and asset management


general business
management
entrepreneurship
human resources management


marketing


recreation, tourism & hospitality
software engineering 




undergraduate minors
undergraduate minors allow students to explore additional areas of interest outside
                                 their major field of study. this diversification can lead to a more well-rounded education
                                 and a broader understanding of various subjects. the monfort college of business is
                                 proud to offer several undergraduate minors for students to pursue. 

business administration
computer information systems
digital marketing
global business




undergraduate certificates
the monfort college of business is proud to offer several undergraduate certificate
                                 programs for students. undergraduate certificates focus on a specific skill set or
                                 area of expertise. they provide a structured curriculum that allows students to acquire
                                 specialized knowledge and skills that are directly applicable to their chosen field. 

digital marketing certificate
human resources management certificate
entrepreneurship certificate




graduate certificates
our 100% online graduate certificate programs designed to prepare you for in-demand
                                    leadership roles in high-growth fields. these affordable programs also serve as an
                                    excellent pathway to earning your master’s degree. study online while you continue
                                    to work and complete your program in as few as six months.

human resources management graduate certificate
project management graduate certificate




graduate programs
the 100% online mba program from unc's monfort college of business delivers a challenging,
                                    dynamic curriculum to provide you with the skills you need to advance your career.
                                    develop a broad range of management essentials in our general mba program, or further
                                    shape your degree with an in-demand concentration in accounting analytics, healthcare
                                    administration, human resources management or marketing.

mba, accounting analytics
mba, finance
mba, general business
mba, healthcare administration
mba, human resources
mba, marketing
mba, project management






helpful links








advising & student success center
browse helpful information on academic advising, professional experience, and student
                              success.


upcoming mcb events
see the latest updates on upcoming events hosted by the monfort college of business
                              on unc's event calendar.


clubs & organizations
enhance your college experience with clubs and organizations hosted in the monfort
                              college of business.


mba class schedule
view class schedules for our 2024 - 2025 online mba programs.













class schedule
view class schedules for the spring 2024 semester.


future students
thinking about joining the monfort college of business? learn about what's possible
                                             in our section for future students!


faculty & staff directory
find contact information, office location, and research expertise of faculty members
                                          and staff.


current student resources
get access to helpful tools and resources for mcb students currently studying at unc,
                                                including wsj, capiq, and bloomberg.
















welcome to the entrepreneurship ecosystem
the innovation talk series made its comeback on october 25th to provide the most recent
                              and thrilling updates in greeley and weld county. view the live stream and listen
                              to presentations from notable speakers representing organizations such as prospanica,
                              diverge/hensel phelps, cne creative enterprises, tracks na, orion labs, vuba, and
                              alquist 3d, among numerous others.
learn about innovation talk














small school,
big outcomes
our educators are not distant figures at the front of the room but mentors who build
                                 strong relationships with their students. we pride ourselves on the ability to deliver
                                 impactful experiential learning that is not only beneficial to students, but also
                                 to the community as a whole. 
future student resources












in the news






launching a career at the start
business major philip marshall scores a competitive job that will put him in a role at a start-up company helping the
                                    business take off. he credits his professor for helping prep him for the gig.
read the full story







nsf grant to focus on entrepreneurship,
workforce resilience and development along colorado's front range
the university of northern colorado was one of 50 institutions recently awarded a
                                    three-year, $400,000 enabling partnerships to increase innovation capacity (epiic) grant from the national science foundation. the epiic grant, which will be executed by
                                    the monfort college of business, is designed to encourage minority-serving institutions, two-year institutions, primarily
                                    undergraduate institutions and other emerging research institutions to participate
                                    in and strengthen regional innovation ecosystems.  
read the full story







monfort college of business earns re-accreditation
university of northern colorado’s monfort college of business (mcb) was recently reaccredited
                                    in business and accounting by the association to advance collegiate schools of business (aacsb) programs, underscoring the college’s outstanding leadership, faculty, curriculum
                                    and students. 
read the full story







new entrepreneurship certificate expands the world of business to nonbusiness majors
entrepreneurship classes are not just for business students anymore.  
the university of northern colorado’s monfort college of business (mcb) is launching a new entrepreneurship certificate in fall 2023 designed for all students with an interest in developing and managing
                                    their own business. 
read the full story







2023 entrepreneurial challenge winners 
 four open division participants and four collegiate division participants presented
                                    their pitches to a panel of expert judges at the e-challenge finals on march 8. these
                                    entrepreneurs received mentoring from the judges and refined their pitches since the
                                    semi-finals on february 8.
read the full story







mcb's accounting information systems program has been ranked as the number one program
                                    in the world among 630 universities measured
the accounting and computer information systems (cis) department at the university
                                    of northern colorado’s monfort college of business (mcb) has been ranked as the number
                                    one program in the world for experimental research in accounting information systems
                                    (ais).
read the full story







fresh start leads to newfound academic drive
when reflecting on his academic career two weeks before graduating from unc, business
                                    major dante cesare experienced two vastly different realities in high school and in
                                    college. in high school, personal hardships made it difficult for him to see the importance
                                    of education. 
read the full story







unc recognized as college of distinction   
unc recently received several recognitions for its commitment to engaged, hands-on education by colleges of distinction. 
in addition to being honored as a college of distinction for its high-impact approach
                                    to education, unc received special recognition for its business and nursing programs, and for its specialized student support services in career development and equity and inclusion. 
read the full story 







the cost of outsourcing
professor of management isaac wanasika, ph.d., takes a close look at the cost of outsourcing — from
                                 basic manufacturing to high tech — then gives his students the chance to dive deeply
                                 into long-term implications.
as the global pandemic began to surge, americans learned a hard lesson in transaction
                                    cost economics theory (tce), which looks at the costs or efficiency of buying versus
                                    making something.....    
 read more












financial education center
unc's million-dollar financial education center serves diverse needs for financial
                           literacy within the monfort college of business and the university community. students
                           gain hands-on experience in the trading room and share knowledge with faculty and
                           peers in the fec's technology labs and social spaces. high-tech classrooms, conference
                           space and student collaboration rooms are available to students, reflecting unc's
                           continued commitment to small-group, student-focused learning.














contact mcb:800 17th stcampus box 128greeley, co 80639 


give us a call:970-351-2764


send email:monfortcollegeofbusiness@unco.edu


follow us:






































contact unc

	970-351-1890
	501 20th st.
	greeley, co 80639



social media











about unc

unc overview
awards & accolades
leadership
organizational chart
strategic plan 
accreditation
student consumer information
sustainability
accessibility statement



quicklinks

bookstore
campus map
course catalog
employment
give to unc
libraries
parking
safety
ursa
open records act




page last updated: today | contact for this page: webmaster

privacy policy
 |
affirmative action/equal employment opportunity/title ix policy & coordinator








jan 14, 2025

