








scandinavian spice | for the spicy side of yours.
























































 











toggle navigation



home
our blog
privacy policy
say hello
 












our specialty brands 



scandinavian spice 







				authentic, high-quality spices for any type of cuisine, which are carefully curated to match your tastebuds.now, cook a restaurant style in your kitchen.						











 
see more




















spices, spice blends & herbsfrom cardamom to pepper and thyme and other range of spices from different regions of the world, we are an excellent choice for many top-rated chefs and restaurants. with our top-notch quality herbs and herb blends, you can cook delicious meals which will leave you craving for more.  







sauces, gravies & marinadesyou can get gourmet marinades for all your dishes, from pasta to pizza and many others, from us! if you have any special requests, we will also curate them to all your needs and prepare them specially customized for you. 







cooking and salad oilsfrom our cooking oils and salad dressings, you can add great taste to even your bland salads. now getting healthy can even be tastier! our key ingredients for our products are bought from authentic places, which provides an unforgettable taste lingering in your mouth. 




















the best coffee 



about us
 



							have you ever wondered why your dishes at home don’t quite seem to have that same taste the restaurants get?  why do their soups have such great tasting broth?  how do restaurant dishes get that taste you can‘t quite seem to be able to achieve?  how do professional chefs make dishes that have robust flavor?  it’s all in the stock and seasonings!  						






know more
















 















  







soup base & flavors
 



							a good soup starts with a good base and there’s none better than the soup bases and flavor concentrates from scandinavian spice company.
						







finest ingredients 















fresh vegetables 















combined herbs and spices  
 















delectable flavors 









































offer unrivaled quality 



best sellers 



 

garlic pepper butcher's rub
madagascar pure vanilla extract
poultry stuffing seasoning


garlic pepper butcher's rub
it is a coarse mix of all the regional spices, which adds flavor and texture to the delicious meat.
madagascar pure vanilla extract
the flavoring adds a creamy, velvety texture to all the sweet delicacies, with a mellow hint of vanilla in every bite.
poultry stuffing seasoning
a mixture of thyme, sage, nutmeg, and many more spices added in the right amount is your meat’s best friend, which provides a lip-smacking taste.


















latest featured posts 




blunders to avoid while cooking chicken
chicken is one dish you can use either ace or destroy; it can also get boring soon. it can be incredibly dull in healthy recipes if it gets tasteless and rubbery. however, if you’re cooking it right, you’re providing a treat to your taste buds by avoiding the mistakes mentioned in this article.
if you want to prepare the best chicken dish of your life, read the mistakes to avoid while cooking it!
not finishing it off in the oven.
one of the people’s significant blunders while finishing a chicken is skipping the oven part. the secret to preventing your chicken from being overdone and rubbery is to first fry it in a pan with oil or butter and transfer it to an oven at a lower temperature. doing so will keep the chicken at the right temperature while making the outer layer juicy and delicious.
using the right tool
aluminum foil is one of the most underrated tools for keeping the chicken moist and juicy. try to cover your chicken in aluminum foil and place a heavy object on top. the extra weight of the brick will help spread evenly to deliver a juicy, delicious bird.
need to marinate it correctly.
if you’re grilling your chicken, one of the best ways to make the juices penetrate the indices is by stabbing the meat with a fork and letting the marinade seep in. an excellent marinade mix can include lemon pepper, zest, paprika, honey, olive oil, and cayenne.
over grilling the meat
a juicy, tender interior with a charred exterior best describes a well-done chicken. if there is no juice cutting the chicken, it is probably overcooked. to avoid this, let the meat sit for a couple of minutes before slicing.

using the same cutting board
using two different cutting boards for cutting meat and veggies is essential. this will allow the veggies to have their flavor without picking up on the flavor of the meat. hot water and soap are the best ways to clean a cutting board.
purchasing the wrong type of chicken
if you opt for frozen or factory-farmed chicken, you can expect to eat a dry dish without much flavor. in contrast, locally produced or organic chicken is the best option, which helps retain its flavor and moisture.
not patting chicken before cooking.
if you wash your chicken, it is best to pat dry it before using it for cooking. retaining moisture on the outer layers will prevent it from forming a crisp brown exterior, which most meat lovers generally prefer.
forgetting to brine
since you wish to make a well-cooked chicken, you often must remember to brine it. next, you should soak your chicken with species and flavors in a pot. kosher salt, pepper, sugar, and water are the best options.


tips to buy dry fruits online
buying any product online requires good knowledge. since we don’t get to touch and sense the product in person, we need guidance.
here we give some helpful tips for buying dry fruits online.
how to buy candied ginger
it is relatively easy to buy candied ginger. ginger is sweetened and preserved in sugar syrup. it is true that we still don’t know if ginger is a fruit or a vegetable. but candied ginger is sweeter than any dry fruit, and its benefits are sweeter.
how to buy vanilla beans
although it is a bean, vanilla comes from the fruit-bearing plant vanilla planifolia. since it is expensive, it is a must to pre-plan the amount to buy. once opened, you must plan to use the entire bean. aim to choose plump beans. these will be fresh and malleable.

how to buy raisins
we get raisins from grapes. it is relatively easy to buy raisins. they are commonly available, and most online stores supply good raisins. look for sun-dried or machine-dried products in the description available. some sellers dry raisins in a sulfur chamber to make raisins yellow. ask if you are specific about not being exposed to sulfur or such chemicals.
how to buy dates
it is economical to buy dates in bulk. since they come from arab countries, with the additional charges, they cost a bit more than necessary. look for the color of the dates when you buy. the stores grade dates and sell at different prices. typically good dates have a shelf life. their freshness can extend up to a couple of years. when you buy, check if it doesn’t extend that timeline.
how to buy dried apricots
apricots are available in the online market in different sizes and shapes. also, there are varying prices too. generally, the stores ask you to buy the costlier ones with the pretension of being the best product. check for product information. they must contain no added sugar and be a non-gmo and gluten-free product. apricots can last longer without preservatives, and check for sulfur-free products if you are sensitive to this information.
how to buy sour cherries
sweet cherries are common as fresh fruits. they pack the same benefits even when dried. when buying them, check if you are indeed buying sour cherries only. some products might be named “sweet” and “tart,” but they are not the ones often. to help, look for montmorency cherry. it is the most common type of sour cherry. also, dried cherries cost lesser than fresh ones.

how to buy figs
figs have a lesser shelf life. so it is essential to buy from a trusted store. dried figs in the u.s. are available as class a or b fruits. remember to check and evaluate at your own risk.
how to buy cranberry
cranberry is native to north america. so americans can sigh in relief considering the price and product quality when buying online. but most cranberries are imported from canada. this swap occurs because the fruits native to north america are prone to pests, and the cold climate of canada limits pests. the price range may vary because of this regional difference.


best flavors and extracts for baking
baking a cake or different types of cakes and desserts is a fun way of infusing different flavors into the raw ingredients, which turns into a delicious product that goes straight into our hearts. in some cases, adding flavors and natural extracts can be more beneficial in terms of taste than adding the ingredient itself. for instance, infusing almond flavor is preferable in baking almond bread than adding chopped almond pieces. whether just starting on your baking journey or you own a bakery, it is essential to understand the different flavors and extracts before working on your recopies.
what is an extract?
an extract is a complex solution of flavors that also comprises alcohol-soluble oils, resins, and other components of flavor. these extracts are generally derived from fruits, spices, nuts, or other ingredients fit for extraction. for example, an extract solution made of ethyl alcohol distilled in fermented corn extracts flavors from different ingredients.

since they are directly taken out from raw ingredients, they are compelling and concentrated. hence, it is recommended to use less in recipes.
different types of extracts used for baking
the flavor we get from a vanilla cake or an almond cookie is brought from these extracts. here is a rundown of the different types available in the market to make your baked goods more flavorful.
almond extract
almond has a sweet, nutty essence in pasties, cookies, and turnovers. they are available in water-soluble, alcohol-soluble, and dairy-soluble bases.
chocolate extract
sweet chocolate extracts impart an intense chocolate flavor that can be used in milkshakes, cheesecakes, chipped cream, pudding, cakes, and many more. since they are powerful, only a few drops are sufficient to impart the desirable chocolate taste.
vanilla extract
it is one of the most popular extracts used for baking, adding a distinct and subtle flavor to any recipe. they are made of vanilla beans processed to flavor desserts, baked goods, and ice creams. however, many chefs have also discovered the unique flavor of vanilla extracts in savory items as well.
flavors
flavors are similar to extracts, which add the necessary flavors to recipes, without using the raw ingredient. some flavors available in the market are:
cinnamon flavor
cinnamon flavors are used when the cinnamon powder interferes with the moisture or clarity of recipes. it can also be used in non-edible kitchen aromatic components.

lemon flavor
lemon flavors are more robust than lemon juice which adds a strong flavor to candies, cookies, puddings, cakes, and even savor sauces. in addition, it is widely used to flavor hot and cold teas and other drinks.
mint flavor
mint is a unique flavor that adds freshness to a dish. from hot savory dishes to cold and sweet ice creams, mint can be used in various recipes.


best seasonings used to pop up the flavor
seasoning can be savory, acidic, bitter, or sweet. without it, food could be tasteless. it’s arguably the simplest way to cook a delicious supper. it develops complex flavors and combines various components to produce well-rounded, flavorful cuisine. typically, seasonings are applied toward the conclusion of the cooking process. when utilized appropriately, seasonings enhance the flavors of the main ingredients yet cannot be tasted. some of the proper blends of seasonings used commonly are:

old bay seasoning
an american seasoning blend with the trademarked name old bay is from baltimore, maryland. along with other spices thought to include bay leaves, dry mustard, ginger, cardamom, nutmeg, mace, cloves, and allspice, the mixture contains black pepper, celery salt, crumbled red pepper flakes, and paprika. originally offered by mccormick & company in distinctive yellow cans, the seasoning is now typically supplied in plastic containers. the spice blend is usually used to season seafood like shrimp and crab, but it can also be used as a topping for eggs, crisps, french fries, corn on the cob, tortillas, popcorn, fried chicken, and salads. it can also be used in clam chowders and oyster stews.
five-spice powder
five-spice powder, also known as wu xiang fen, is a unique spice mixture that originated in china. the five spices that make up the spice mixture are star anise, fennel seeds, cloves, cardamom, and sichuan peppercorns. the number five is a reference to the blend’s five flavors, which include sweetness, saltiness, bitterness, sourness, and umami. the flavorful five-spice powder can be used in a variety of dishes, including marinades, stir-fries, stews, soups, fried-food breading seasoning, glazes, and dry rubs for meat and seafood. it’s interesting to note that the spice mixture has antibacterial qualities and is occasionally used to treat dyspepsia.
chaat masala
in bangladeshi, pakistani, and indian cooking, chaat masala is a common spice blend. coriander, asafoetida, red chili powder, cumin, tamarind powder, dry mango powder, and black salt are frequently used in it. chaat masala tastes best the next day it is made, but it can be stored in sealed containers for up to three months. people adore it for its intricacy and flawless flavors despite its unique fragrance. chaat masala is advised to be used on various indian snacks known as chats, such as dahi chaat, papri chaat, etc., but it’s also worthwhile to experiment with it on salads, vegetables, curries, dals, and fruits.

oregano seasoning
the dried or fresh leaves of the oregano plant are used to make oregano, an herb. the plant produces small leaves that give a range of savory meals a strong flavor and pungent scent. it is a mixture of dry oregano, garlic powder, pepper, salt, and rosemary. oregano is frequently used in dishes that feature olive oil and tomato-based sauces, such as pizza and spaghetti. olive oil and oregano are frequently combined to produce fragrant oregano oil, italian dressings, vinaigrettes, sauces and marinades for dishes with lamb, poultry, and beef.


7 amazing health benefits of dry fruits and nuts
dry fruits are dehydrated, from which the moisture content is naturally removed through various dehydrating processes. one of the most common processes for dehydration is the natural sun rays and the use of dehydrators. since dry fruits still retain most of the nutritional benefits of fruits, they are highly recommended for people of all ages. anjeer and raisins are artificial dry fruits, while pistachios, dates, walnuts, cashews, hazelnuts, and almost are naturally occurring dry fruits.
most dry fruits and nuts possess health benefits, which are also recommended to patients to cure certain diseases. in this article, we have mentioned some of their benefits.
immunity boosters
since dry fruits and nuts are enriched with vitamins and minerals like magnesium, zinc, potassium, phosphorous, and vitamins a, d, e, and k1, they boost immunity. in addition, dry fruits also possess high levels of polyphenols which have shown anti-inflammatory properties, which further help in revealing stress.
weight loss properties
some studies have shown that dry fruits and nuts comprise a higher percentage of dietary fiber and carbohydrates, which helps satiation and keeps you full for longer hours. it also helps in healthy gut and bowel movements. since it helps people stay full for longer hours, it curbs hunger and helps in weight loss and weight management.

skincare benefits
generally, an anti-oxidant-rich diet is recommended for people with unhealthy skin. since nuts are rich in antioxidants, it helps improve skin quality and enhance natural glow.
maintains heart health
walnuts comprise a higher percentage of omega-3- fatty acids, which helps reduce triglycerides in the blood, which in turn helps control cholesterol. as a result, it helps maintain heart health and prevent heart attacks to a certain extent. according to a recent study, regular consumption of pistachios, almonds, and walnuts can help reduce the risk of coronary heart and cardiovascular diseases.
benefits patients of type 2 diabetes
a study conducted in 2017 shows a positive correlation between the consumption of dry fruits and diabetes. nuts are known to counteract the effect of diabetes in the human body since they are rich in macronutrients, bioactive compounds, and micronutrients. moreover, their bioactive molecules help modulate the molecular-level gene mechanism. hence, dry fruits and nuts also control insulin levels in the blood, helping with blood sugar spikes.
management of high blood pressure
according to doctors, low magnesium levels cause high blood pressure, leading to other diseases like strokes, heart attacks, and kidney failure. since almonds are rich in magnesium, they are an essential component in the diet of a patient suffering from high blood pressure.
cancer prevention
recent studies have proved that daily consumption of dry fruits and nuts helps in preventing cancer. increasing the intake of figs, prunes, raisins, and dates at least three times per week helps prevent pancreatic, stomach, prostate, colon, and bladder cancers.


essential spices every baker needs
baking makes anyone happy. the correct measurement cup is the key to success in baking. do you know what else spices up the best-baked product? the spice.
every baker needs the right amount of fresh spices to add that extra zest. so here we provide a list of spices you should own to bake.
vanilla beans
everything starts with plain vanilla. but the vanilla shouldn’t be as plain as the store-bought flavor food essence. if you have used the bean before, you would know the difference the popped vanilla bean seeds provide to cooking. since baking is half about the aroma, make sure to stuff this aromatic bean among your goods.

mace
mace is a close cousin to nutmeg. it is a savory spice that can add that zing to your cakes. you can make red wine compote or apple bread, which will taste amazing with a spicy touch. additionally, it packs health benefits such as aiding digestion and slowing down aging.
cardamom
just like vanilla, cardamom also befriends the baked good when it is in the bean form. this spice is the secret behind the famous scandinavian sweet bread. it also comes in two different colors packed with different flavors. use each for sweet and smoky dishes, and you will thank us later for the tip.
chile pepper
what makes up for the comfort food? it is a flavorful pepper. you can add it to making chicken casseroles or crisp shrimp cakes. it is that staple spice you need everywhere. you can add it to every other baked good, even in chocolates. well, who doesn’t like mouth-popping chocolates, huh?!
sumac
this exotic new spice has its roots in roman and greek culture. it packs health benefits and vibrant colors. the deep red color of the spice makes it a star. you can add it instead of food color as it is a soft spice that won’t interfere with other ingredients. you can replace it with lemon or vinegar for the citrus taste. also, you can’t rely on paprika to color a sweet dish.
cinnamon
the second most used baking spice award goes to cinnamon. it is the apple of the eye of the apple pie. however, our star spice doesn’t spice up the pie alone. you can use it as a secret ingredient in chocolate cake, and you will surely appreciate the taste. also, it abodes more than a handful of health benefits.

candied ginger
ground ginger is an all-rounder spice, but candied ginger is the cutie pie we need in our baking essentials. add the spice to ginger snaps and ginger shortbread, or top it on cakes and brownies. this appealing spice will soothe your throat as well as your tummy.
star anise and others
a group of spice mixes from india called garam masala is a staple spice mix in indian cooking. borrow it and spice your food too. for example, you can add star anise to cakes and syrups. also, you can ground this spice or the other spices of the group and season your baked meat. now, get adventurous and season up as you go!


tips for making delicious homemade soups
if you’re a soup lover, you have probably tried soups in all restaurants and are addicted to the taste of the creamy, hot, tasty liquid with small bites of veggies and meats. but after reading this article, you might stop visiting restaurants for soup and make it at your home.
soup is not just easy to make, but it is also easy to master. essentially it only requires a stockpot, a few ingredients, and water. but not all soups are good!
so what does it take to make a good soup? let’s find out!

tips for soup making
check out these tips to make soup like a michelin-star chef:
making your stock
stock is one of the essential ingredients to make a clear, brothy soup. making a good soup starts with making a good stock. otherwise, your entire product can be bland. you can make a variety of stocks from veggies, chicken, and beef.
for instance, to make chicken stock, you need to either stockpile chicken with bones in your freezer or use one from a rotisserie chicken. next, gather enough bones, toss them in a pot, and cover them with enough water. during this step, it is best to add veggies and seasoning and allow it to simmer. you will get a delicious chicken broth when you leave it for several hours. you can make this with any meat or veggies of your choice.
chopping into bite-sized pieces
chopping the soup vegetables and meat is also an art in soup making. if you’re making a healthier version, which is also appealing to the eye, it is best to chop them into bite-sized pieces so that you get a mouthful in every bite.
sautéing the vegetables
making a delicious soup involves flavoring at every step. while sautéing your vegetables, add species to garlic, leeks, carrots, onions, celery, and other vegetables. also, sautéing vegetables in butter or oil enhances the soup’s flavor. the vegetables should be well-cooked and soft to release their flavor into the liquid.
calculating the cooking time
when your soup is filled with multiple ingredients, you should ensure that each ingredient is cooked right. for instance, a small pea will take a much shorter time to cook when compared to a chunk of carrots. calculate the time accordingly and sauté the veggies, which require more cooking time, at the beginning. if you include protein in your soup, cook them separately.

simmering process
once you’re done with sautéing the veggies and meat, add your stock or liquid for the soup and allow it to boil on high flame. once bubbles start forming, you can turn the heat down and allow it to simmer for some time. if you boil them vigorously, your veggies might turn mushy, and the meat might harden.
stir in dairy
adding a few tablespoons of cream, milk, or other dairy is always recommended if you’re making a creamy soup, like tomato soup. this will help in making the soup light but creamy and flavorful. if you’re making a vegan soup, you can also add cashew milk, enhancing its richness.


most popular spices that are used worldwide
a little bit of spice can make a big difference in a recipe, giving dull items a unique flavor. spices are fragrant flavorings derived from the seeds, flowers, fruits, bark, roots, and other sections of plants. spices have been especially valued as trade items for several thousand years. they are used to temper and preserve food, as well as for medical purposes, dyes, and fragrances. even while spices are marketed in dried form, their potent flavors will eventually fade with time, especially if they are exposed to sunlight and air. here are the most popular and commonly used spices worldwide.
peppercorns
the spice that is most frequently used worldwide is pepper. contrary to the majority of other spices, since pepper mills are widely accessible and simple to use, there is really no necessity to purchase pre-ground black pepper. peppers’ main active component, piperine, is thought to have antioxidant properties and provides this spice its distinctive flavor.

the fruits of the black pepper vine, piper nigrum, are where black, green, and white pepper originate. the flavor is stronger in the black variety.
szechuan peppercorns are used in szechuan cuisine and have a lemony flavor and numbing feeling.
pink peppercorns are frequently used in desserts because of their citrusy-sweet, fresh-pine flavor.

cardamom
elettaria cardamom produces the dried fruit from which cardamom is derived. nordic baked products and arabic coffee both depend on their pleasant, sweet, rich, floral and exotic flavor. cardamom comes in two primary varieties:


mysore cardamom, which is larger and green in color with overtones of wood and eucalyptus, and malabar cardamom, which is smaller, has floral notes and is frequently bleached.
second, the large cardamom, often known as black cardamom, is derived from the amomum subulatum plant. it comes in the form of a lengthy reddish pod with distinct aromas from cineole and camphor, which are frequently accentuated when smoked.

chiles
chiles are fruits with searing, acrid chemical capsaicin protecting the seeds. they are the most consumed spice in the world, 20 times more so than black pepper, which is the second most consumed spice. chiles are frequently consumed raw, but drying them will intensify their flavors for the spice cabinet.

mexican cuisine uses dried entire chipotle as well as ancho chiles to spice soups and stews.
dried whole chiles are ground into flakes to make korean gochugaru, a component of kimchi.
middle eastern cuisine is made hotter by aleppo pepper.
chilies are processed into powdered paprika pepper in spain and hungary.

ginger
ginger is a tropical blooming plant that belongs to the same group as turmeric and cardamom. its rhizome, or subterranean stem, is what gives it its flavor. the aromatic molecule gingerol, which gives fresh ginger its harsh flavor, partially converts into the sweeter and milder zingerone when heated or dried. this is why ground ginger, which we use in baked goods, gingerbread, and ginger cookies, has a considerably milder flavor than fresh ginger.


spice guide for vegan cooking
in most cuisines worldwide, spices are considered an integral part of the cook, which helps bring out the dish’s natural flavors. spices also add flavor to the dish, turning it from bland to a lip-smacking taste within seconds. in some cases, spices like paprika, turmeric, and saffron are added to change the color of the food to make it more appealing.
there are five basic flavor profiles – bitter, sweet, salty, spicy, and sour. however, adding spices does not just add these flavors to dishes but simultaneously enhances 155 other flavor characteristics.
vegan cooking mainly involves vegetables and plant-based products which are bland on their own. hence, vegan dishes are dominated by spices which help bring out the flavor quotient of the plant-based ingredients. so, if you’re looking for a spice list for your next vegan dish, here is a guide!

caraway
it is a sweet and tangy spice with a slight hint of an anise flavor. many german, russian, scandinavian and american cuisines use this spice, along with dill, garlic, coriander, oregano, thyme, and parsley. the dishes prepared using this spice are added to sauerkraut, salads, sausages, soups, and bread.
all spice
all spices add an earthy and sweet flavor to the dish and blend well with cinnamon, mace, cloves, ginger, nutmeg, and cardamom. it also forms a great combination to bake sweet dishes and soups, bread, salads, etc.
cayenne pepper
this is the spice for you if you want to make your dish spicy. it is often used in southwestern, mexican and italian cuisines and goes well with almost any spice. however, it is mainly added to sauces, curries, chili, and pizzas.

clove
cloves are earthy and sweet, often seen in caribbean and indian cuisines. it is one spice that blends exceptionally well with savory and sweet dishes. indians also use cloves in their tea to enhance the flavor of milk and tea.
cumin
cumin is mainly smoky, earthy, and nutty in asian and mexican cuisine. when used with different vegetables like eggplant, tomatoes, etc., they bring out a different flavor. when you start using cumin, it also helps with the digestion of your food, without which you can feel its absence.
nutmeg
nutmegs are primarily used in french and indian cousins with a sweet, nutty, and warm flavor. they add aroma when paired with cloves, allspice, and cinnamon, making the dish more appealing. sometimes, they are also used in baked goods.

star anise
star anise has a strong licorice flavor, mainly seen in chinese, mexican and asian cuisines. however, when paired with indian garam masala, it offers the best taste to flavor rice, curries, and other stir-fried vegetables.
tumeric
it is early and bitter, adding color to the food, mainly seen in moroccan and indian foods. it can also be paired with all the species mentioned above to add color to different rice dishes and curries.


6 types of oils used for frying
fried foods are the world’s favorite dish. from french fries to fried chicken and onion rings, they are used almost daily for cooking. however, using the right kind of oils for frying can make a drastic difference in the flavor quotient of the dish. not all oils impart the same taste. while some are suitable for frying, others are best for sautéing and deep-frying.
if you need help deciding what to use, we have rounded up the six oils you can use to fry different dishes.
vegetable oil
vegetable oil, also called all-purpose oil, can be used in more than one recipe. these oils are used for almost all types of frying. it has a high smoking point of 400 to 450 degrees, making it suitable to withstand higher temperatures. in addition, it has a neutral flavor, allowing the taste of your food to shine through!

peanut oil
peanut oil is derived from compressing peanuts at different pressures, and they impart a slightly nutty taste to the oil. hence, these are the best options for you if you’re making dishes with less flavor. like vegetable oil, they also have a high smoking point of about 450 degrees, which makes them suitable for deep frying.
corn oil
irrespective of the name, the oil is neutral and does not interrupt the taste of the dish you’re preparing. since this also has a higher smoking point, it can be used for deep and shallow frying in a skillet.
olive oil
if you’re health conscious, you might have a bottle of olive oil on your shelf. it is an excellent health switch compared to other oils mentioned above. however, due to its low smoking point of around 375 degrees, it is best used for shallow frying in pans. if you’re wondering how to use it in cooking, you can try sautéing vegetables or frying thin-cut meats in a pan. since they are not neutral testing and add a tinge of oily flavor to your dishes, it is avoided in restaurants and other places which sell food.

canola oil
canola oil is a versatile ingredient mainly used to make salad and other dressings. since it is neutral in flavor, it can be used for any dish. moreover, this oil has a smoking point of 400 degrees which makes it suitable for different frying purposes. but it is best suited for roasting vegetables or anything that takes less time.
coconut oil
there are two different types – refined, suitable for drying, and unrefined, which have a lower smoking point, hence not recommended for frying purposes. these oils also have a hint of flavor which can be transferred to the food under preparation. however, some recipes like banana chips prefer coconut oil as they impart a unique flavor.
 










 
				copyright © 2022 scandinavian spice | all rights reserved.			
 























