






home

































homecategories
infancy & preschoolmiddle childhoodadolescenceadd / adhdbedtime strategieschildren and stresschildren and mediachoresdaycaredisciplineeducationmoral developmentgeneral parentingparent-child relationshipparenting stylesplaysiblingstemperamentarchivesresources
recommended resourcesreviewsaboutcontact us 










making connections
raising strong, resilient children

 












welcome to our new website!
 
welcome to the successful parent! if you've never been here before, we have just launched our newly redesigned site, which is now mobile friendly and allows everyone to join in the conversation. for our regular followers, welcome back! we hope you will like the new design. you will find the same categories on the top menu, and again on each page you visit on the site. to see a list of all of the articles on the site, just click the "archives" button below. we've added the "comments" capacity at the end of each blog and look forward to hearing what you have to say. we also encourage you to add your email address to our list so that we can notify you of new blogs, parenting tips, and new features. don't forget to visit our sister website, the successful grownup. happy reading!
go to archives






most popular











working with different parenting styles 









extrovert or introvert: you and your child 









repairing the parent-child relationship 









the impact of tv violence on children and adolescents 











your teen's room 









mothers and sons 









top ten list for managing your child's behavior 









the significance of peek-a-boo 




 













when and how to negotiate with your kids 

	 an effective way to develop your child's thinking skills 



the why
negotiation is a valuable tool to use with your kids because helps them develop some important skills. most notable are:

increased capacity to express thoughts and feelings verbally
enhanced ability to think objectively and discriminatively
skills in cooperative problem-solving
self-awareness
consideration of other’s needs as well as their own
coming up with creative solutions


     monday, 18 june 2018. 
posted in general parenting 


continue reading



what your teen would like you to know about listening 



i have recently seen several teens in therapy whose main complaint is that their parents don’t listen to them. here’s some of their statements:

every moment is a teaching moment with my mom. it drives me crazy! i can hardly get the words out before she starts correcting me.


if i’m upset, my mom ends up getting more upset than me! she cries harder than me, and then i end up trying to make her feel better.


my mom feels guilty about anything i do wrong as though it’s all her fault, so i can’t tell her anything.


my dad just tells me to get over it!


my parents are always telling me i shouldn’t feel how i feel. that’s it. i can’t talk to them at all.


     saturday, 12 may 2018. 
posted in adolescence 


continue reading



do your kids have the right mindset to succeed? 

	 how to create grit with a growth mindset 



i live in gainesville, florida which is the home of the university of florida, and i see a lot of college students in therapy. they come in with many different issues, but there is an overriding issue that has surfaced a lot over the last five years which propels me to write this blog.
the issue is:

an inability to accept less than perfection when it comes to academic achievement, and subsequent anxiety and depression in the face of less than perfect performance.


     monday, 06 november 2017. 
posted in education 


continue reading



what to do when your child regresses 

	 the causes and solutions 



kids have off days just like we do. i'm sure you've had that experience. a day of moodiness, whining, irritability, meltdowns . . . nothing goes right.
an occasional off day can be dealt with fairly easily, but sometimes these trends extend into many days or even weeks. a six-year-old who has been getting herself dressed and tying her own shoes for some time all of the sudden can't seem to get her clothes on in the morning and is whiny and teary when you try to get her ready for school. your 4-year-old starts sucking his thumb and wants you to hold him like a baby in your lap. your teen who is for the most part cooperative and takes care care of himself begins lying around the house, leaving stuff everywhere, avoiding homework, playing video games and watching tv all afternoon into the evening. [side note: if your teen always acts this way, then that is a whole other problem for another blog.]

     tuesday, 15 november 2016. 
posted in children and stress 


continue reading



parent props: why parents should be appreciated 



this week's blog isn't about how to parent. most of my blogs do focus on that in one way or another, but this week i just want to remind parents of how important they are, and to give them some props. it's a job that gets so little in the way of public affirmation, and all to often, plenty of criticism when things go wrong.
here's what we should all remember:

     sunday, 15 may 2016. 
posted in general parenting 


continue reading


12345»last



follow us





get blog updates by email






email address  *




first name  *






 







categories
infancy & preschoolmiddle childhoodadolescenceadd / adhdbedtime strategieschildren and stresschildren and mediachoresdaycaredisciplineeducationmoral developmentgeneral parentingparent-child relationshipparenting stylesplaysiblingstemperamentarchives

go to archives
latest posts






 when and how to negotiate with your kids 






 what your teen would like you to know about listening 






 do your kids have the right mindset to succeed? 






 what to do when your child regresses 






 parent props: why parents should be appreciated 






 a parent’s witching hour: 5pm to 7pm 






 saturday cleaning 






 how to put the kybosh on arguing 






 chit-chat: a surefire way to connect and stay connected to your kids 






 reinventing failure: how to help your kids deal with mistakes 



also check out:









get blog updates by email
















 
















privacy policymental health advisorycopyright policy








copyright the successful parent © 2019 all rights reserved






homecategories
infancy & preschoolmiddle childhoodadolescenceadd / adhdbedtime strategieschildren and stresschildren and mediachoresdaycaredisciplineeducationmoral developmentgeneral parentingparent-child relationshipparenting stylesplaysiblingstemperamentarchivesresources
recommended resourcesreviewsaboutcontact us


