



gaianxaos: x-talks







      x-talks the xaos revolution broad cast












n:ow is a field of infinite possibilities
in the broadest sense everything exists right n:ow






 



galactic
            year: red self-existing moon (7/26/22)
morphic flux mixsets

el
        calendario galactico
chaos and complexity pdf library
elemental complexity network 

      	infinite improbability drive 
        complexity in the broadest sense!
visual math institute 
13moon.com: galactic
      mayan time science
foundation
                  for the law of time:
one time . . . one earth . . . one people . . . 
do androids dream of electric
        sheep . . . ask spot







 
the
          goddess of infinite love
and the universal
                    source 
 as
          told in chaos, gaia, eros, the word "chaos" or "xaos" came
          into use only in ancient greece (hesiod), yet had a prehistory in the
          goddess religions of the old world. one survival into our patriarchal
          epoch is in tiamat, the chaos goddess of babylon before marduk. her
          image was watery, in the mixture of two currents, but there is reason
          to believe that the two currents were actually in the sky: the two
          sides of the milky way. as we now know, the milky way is our flat,
          spiral galaxy, seen from earth, circling an orbit quite oblique to
          the plane of the galaxy, and rather far from the center. thus, depending
          on the time of year, we see the "northern" or the "southern" half
          of the galaxy. if the two sky images are superimposed, an x is formed,
          a perfect sign of chaos. the incas thought this so important that they
          imitated the x of the milky way in the nw-se and ne-sw street grids
    of their cities, cuzco, misminay, and machu picchu in peru. rha
 


 

 


 time
                      wave zero countdown




 



welcome to an online interdimensional portal. this sacred
            space has been created so that the thoughts and ideas within the
            various projects can be shared freely amongst the global online community.
            the concepts which are explored within this site are intended as
            serve as gateways into the world of infinity, a world beyond words,
            definitions, cultural programming, and spatial-temporal preconceptions.
            i hope that by experimenting with new forms of communication, we
            can develop new understandings of nature and reality which will allow
            all of us to reconnect with the living spirit of the universe. i
            also hope that this material will have a strong impact on the collective
            consciousness of the human species, as well as the entire planet. 
      

in today's reality of corporate sponsored mental slavery and wide-spread environmental/ecological
            disaster areas, it seems that we, the human species, have reached
            a critical point in our evolution. its already to late in the day
            to solve our problems by phasing out hydro-carbon based fuels, by
            reorganizing the world's financial and governmental institutions,
            or by engineering more advanced versions of the assembly line. what
            we need is a shift in planetary consciousness, an explosion of radiant
            conscious energy which can reshape our entire perception of the universe
            in a single instant of n:ow. all we need
    is love. all we need is love. all we need is love.











warning !!!
          this is only a test of the 
          emergency xaos broadcasting system
every thought, every
            sound, everything, if we can imagine, has transformed itself infinitely
            many times through the manifestations of every other thing across
            all frequencies and between all dimensions. thus, a thing's natural
            state, from the viewpoint of infinity is absolute nothingness. from
            our perspective, presently, everything manifests according to our
            interpretation and perception. any sound can be manifested as any
            other once you fly through the heart of infinite possibility. everything
            is an expression of krsna. all memory is his memory. in the most specific
            sense, reality is an individual creation. in the broadest sense,
            reality is a consensus creation collectively perceived by all beings.
            the shape of the universe sounds like whatever the infinite being
            is thinking right n:ow. everything is infinite dimensional love right
    n:ow for all eternity.












the great
        convergence of the three jewels
the infinite spirit i am. the spirit i am lies
            deep within the heart of anything you can point to. her body is a crystal
            light network of vibrating frequencies, vibrating as one. and we dance
            as one under the one giver of movement and measure. hunab ku.
            the great convergence of the three jewels is a collectively synchronized
            unification of galactic, solar, and planetary levels of consciousness.
            the great convergence marks the attainment of critical mass within
            human consciousness, thus effectively triggering the human collective
            imagination as an extension of planetary consciousness within the context
        of a galactic community.
according to the zuvuya principal, all things will be synchronized
          and reconnected back with their essence self, which exists now eternally
            beyond space-time as the luminosity of the infinite being. its only
            a “matter” of “time” that appears to separate
            us from the infinite potential we are destined to actualize for the
            good of all beings. n:ow is the intersection of hunab ku’s
        infinite dimensional universal heart. 2012 is right n:ow.











nonlocal morphic crystallizations
              of the gaian mind 
the
                field of cosmic imagination, inclusive of all past and future
          memories across infinite fractal dimensions of probabilistic manifestations,
                exists right here & now.
                the dimensionality of this fundamental reality is so great that
                its presence cannot be directly perceived through the physical
                modes of sensory perception, nor through the mental modes of
                analytic thought forms. although subtle and elusive, the experience
                of this mystery is potent and accessible, and can be realized
                by awakening the inner eye of one's higher self.
this uncountably infinite dimensional basis of
          the cosmic superdynamic is the singular momentary illumination of all
          that is, and originates beyond all fields of time-space. indeed, self
          reflections of this infinite source, cast along various dimensions
          of being, generate the very fabric of reality and the structure of
          time-space. the reflections echo in fractal waves creating a resounding
          projection of dynamic interference patterns. the memory of the holomovement's
          entire evolutionary transformations are coded nonlocally throughout
          the landscape of mental fields and subsequent  manifestations of time-space.
          the transformation of the basin of greatest attraction,  in time, generates
          the morphogenetic chreodes of noospheric landscapes. the choice of
          direction, existence, and dimension of temporal flux is optional.



 

 


 

omega field theory
the fundamental idea is that the evolution of natural systems
          can be represented qualitatively in terms of morphing nonlinear fields
          of probabilistic tendencies. by extending the concepts of attraction
          and bifurcation into superspace, we can imagine that the overarching
          dynamic rule which generates a family of evolving probabilistic systems
          may itself be evolving probabilistically. it is now also theoretically
          possible to consider the likelihood that these infinite levels of nested
          probabilistic systems are integral aspects of one infinite dimensional
          superspace system. this abstract system, which we have been conveniently
          referring to as ωt,
          represents the universal superdynamic system, or omega field,
          which is responsible for the generation and evolution of all possible
          dynamic systems which occur in nature. 

 






 



 








 
1.
          fundamentals of being
2. the return of cannabis
3. maya: the creative dream
4. lsd: a psychedelic hyperdimension
5. krsna as broadest sense
6. holographic reality of being
7. who are you really  



8. galactic mayan time-science project on earth
9. complex quadratic dynamics
10. shiva
11. albert einstein
12. quantum dynamics of morphing psy-trance formations
13. infinite dimensional chaos in the broadest sense 
 






notes






chaos and
          complexity
        pdf
        library






























music


visuals


bio


portals














