last days mystery - prophecy
 
  
pray for the peace of jerusalem
 

 
  
 
i am coming quickly  
 

  therefore, read the word 
and keep 
  watch 

 home    powerpoint    my     youtube    world watch    radio   & tv    articles
      
         contact: 
     
lastdaysmystery@yahoo.com

         
    


    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
 

read: 
 the 
    first four seals of revelation

second seal alert
     
    possibly this 
    year, but more likely in 
    2011, christ will open 
    the second seal.   
 prepare for war! 
  yahweh has stirred up the medes (iran), 
    because
 his purpose is 
    to destroy babylon (u.s.a.)  jeremiah 
    51:11-13
                                     
    

taking down america - 12/07/10



if you have not made preparations for  this war, 
do it 
now!

 
    



keep watch on current 
developments toward the 2nd and

 3rd seals by clicking on the "world watch" tab above.

        jerusalem,     israel
                 what 
    israel learned by taking risks for peace - 12/29/10
                
    pm 
    demands palestinians recognize israel as jewish state - 9/12/10
                
    

abbas: 'i don't have to recognize israel as a jewish 
    state' - 9/07/10
 
                    barack obama threatens to impose peace plan on middle east - 4/30/10
               
    
 binyamin netanyahu humiliated at white house by  
    obama - 3/25/10

                netanyahu: jerusalem is ours, not up for debate - 
    7/19/09
 
               
    
what happened in the middle east

 
                the 
    temple of yahweh               
     
the  landscape in jerusalem 
      will soon change. the temple mount will be transformed from what you     see 
      below, to include the 3rd jewish temple.  


                
    
                  


     

olmert urges ‘int’l trusteeship’ for temple mount - 
    9/24/10
 
   
   
   
        
    

netanyahu risks muslim wrath over jerusalem holy site 
    - 2/02/10
                      
    the 
    temple mount a powder keg - 11/17/09
                      
    dare to dream of a rebuilt temple - 11/02/09

                      
    

third temple built without destroying dome of the rock? 
  - 6/22/09


                     
   netanyahu will try to rebuild the jewish temple - 
  5/30/09  
                      archive:  temple     and the ark of the covenant 
 
 ark of the covenant
  


                     the tabernacle raised, the ark discovered     and the temple rebuilt.


                    
  israel's 
  ark of the covenant to be revealed - 6/15/10

                    
  israel national radio: 


the secret of the copper scroll - 8/25/09

                     the cooper scroll project - 8/25/09

                     dead sea scrolls & the copper scroll alive and kicking - 
  6/25/09 

                     the 
  world's greatest treasure hunt - 4/1/08


                     the 
  copper scroll project information - 12/2/08 
 
signs of the time
 

 the time of the end has come, the 
    1st seal opened on sept. 911
    
     


the 2nd seal will open soon. iran will 
    start world war.   
.  
 
the 
    time of the end has come
 
birth of the coming kingdom
 you should know 
    this about the end time babylonians!
  united states of america in bible prophecy!
     

 
from where the antichrist will come!

 
book i was asked to write
    
how 
  the complete idiot's guide to the last days     came about.



 
































mini-mag 
      version



       






























        
  
review by donna eggett - christian book reviews 


read the reviews 
one of the best books ever to be written on bible     prophecy!  
 
book i was told to     write
   of the     last days:          listen, i tell     you a mystery -  second     edition
 
         


























   

read the reviews  biblical study of last days prophecy          excellent 
    presentation of the rapture 










 











   
glossary     of terms
  
 

    introduction

  
    correctly handling the word of truth
 
according to the lord's own word

     spoken of through the prophet daniel
  listen, i tell you a mystery
  brothers, do not be uninformed
  don't let anyone deceive you
  as he announced to the prophets

     revelation of jesus christ

 the last     days time line
 you have heard it said
  
 last     days bibliography  

 
    jerusalem 2007 - feast of tabernacles     
  
articles about    richard perry
 voice magazine athens banner-herald uga's red and black



    on the history channel
 

 
 

    
    now's the time         
    signs of our time 
  
    what's next 
  
   

 
 prophecy conferences
 

     
paris prophecy conference 
church nouvelle naissance de 
    paris - 
www.actes2-42.com
 

    s
toronto prophecy conference  

"the testimony of jesus is the spirit 
    of prophecy." revelation 19:10
 
 



    in 2003, the hebron christian church of winder,     georgia hosted dr. david reagan of the lion and lamb ministries for a     prophecy conference. during the conference i  questioned dr. reagan     about the pre-trib rapture theory.  this is a transcript of our     exchange.   
 
rapture at the last trumpet 
in 2001 i     questioned and debated dr. thomas ice on the timing of the 
    rapture. dr. ice     is the executive director of the pre-trib research center in washington, dc,     an organization founded by tim lahaye. dr. ice     was hosted by calvary chapel of athens, georgia to conduct a prophecy     conference. below is the transcript of the exchange between dr. ice     (pre-tribulation) and richard perry (post-tribulation).   
the great rapture debate  
the doctrine of imminency states that jesus can return     at any moment, nothing else must happen before the rapture.
    imminency,     the heart of pretribulationism 
the pre tribulation rapture vs.     post tribulation rapture debate is a question of when christ will gather the     church.  
 
the     rapture question answered
 guest article 
    about the rapture




the 
    pre-tribulation rapture is not in the scriptures


by 
    sarah kittell

some ask, "how can i understand what the bible says regarding the return of     christ?  smarter people than i have studied the bible, yet they do not     all agree."  but, yahweh says, "for we do not write you     anything you cannot read or understand," and he 
  also explains how to  

  correctly handle the word of truth 
days before     christ went to the cross, his disciples asked, "what will be the     sign of your coming and the end of the age."     

 in     the lord s own word 
 jesus directs us to understand what is     

       spoken of 
  through the prophet   daniel. 
many have been deceived by a 
  popular new teaching (last 200 years) which says that christ will come 
  secretly and rapture his church before the     tribulation. to test this new teaching read   

  you have heard it said      and          early church writings. 
the organized     church is like a train that has come off its tracks. two tracks of the     church are the great commission and the elementary teachings about     christ.  to understand the derailment read the   


the second coming is foundational to 
  the  faith 
                  


     sound teaching is critical to the gospel

 christ     instructed his followers to know about his second coming.  

 
  yahweh commands     that we 
  understand prophecy 
   know and     understand about the second coming

      the     time is near

       second     coming  is     foundational to the christian faith

      the day of the lord.

   this is the day that the lord has made!

 
 bible mysteries revealed
 

 

it is the glory     of god to conceal a matter; to search out a matter is the glory of kings     (proverbs 25:2).  daniel replied, "no wise man, enchanter, magician     or diviner can explain to the king the mystery he has asked about, but there     is a god in heaven who reveals mysteries (daniel 2:27-28).

 he who holds back the secret  power of lawlessness

 satan, current ruler of this world

 mystery of 666

 mystery babylon the great - revelation 17-18
  
 mystery     babylon the great     -  
jeremiah 50-51 
 mystery babylon the great     - isaiah 47

 john was greatly astonished when he saw mystery babylon

 beast which has the 7 heads and 10 horns

 destroyer     of  revelation 9:11

 ready     for the second coming?
  

warnings from yahweh

jesus instructs his followers to be alert     to the deception that will be perpetrated on us in the time of the end,     especially from those claiming to be speak for god.  
 "son of man, prophesy against the shepherds         of israel; prophesy and say to them: 'this is what the sovereign yahweh         says: woe to the shepherds of israel who only take care of themselves!         should not shepherds take care of the flock?  ... i am against the shepherds and will hold them         accountable for my flock        (ezekiel 34:1-10).
 
shepherds

 word  to the     shepherds 
son of man, prophesy against the     prophets of israel who are now prophesying. say to those who prophesy out of     their own imagination: their visions are false and their divinations a lie.     they say, 'yahweh declares,' though i have not spoken? ezekiel     13:1-7. 

 
false     prophets

  i never said i would return before the great     tribulation.

  ourselves  

   deception to great deception then 
  the end  

 how we treat prophecy

 if they persecuted me, they     will persecute you also. 
"son of man, i have made you a         watchman for the house of israel; so hear the word i speak and give them         warning from me. when i say to the wicked, 'o wicked man, you will         surely die,' and you do not speak out to dissuade him from his ways,         that wicked man will die for his sin, and i will hold you accountable         for his blood. but if you do warn the wicked man to turn from his ways         and he does not do so, he will die for his sin, but you will have saved         yourself" (ezekiel 33:7-9). 

 
 i am innocent of the blood of         all men.        for i have not hesitated to proclaim to you the whole will of god         (acts 20:26-27).  richard h. perry 
 
 contact:   lastdaysmystery@yahoo.com
  
warning: reading and studying     prophecy from this website or any website, book or commentary is no     substitute for personally studying the word of god under the holy spirit and     maintaining a relationship with the lord, jesus christ.

 buy.com coupon code  




since december 2002


     

     

     



      

   do not treat prophecies with     contempt.    test everything.    hold on to the good.
  
understand the feasts of god        feasts     of the lord  
 next: 
  festival of ingathering     day     of trumpets     day     of atonement       feast     of tabernacles      be ready   
  prophecy  links                 

      

     
     
     
                                                newman's      pre-wrath rapture                     his name       is yahweh                   
  
 logos       apostolic   no pre-trib rapturel      standing in the last day    

   

 

                
