









home | ru-info







skip to main content







the state university of new jersey





search form


search


















































student accounting, financial aid, and registrar 


the one stop student services center (one stop) at rutgers university–new brunswick represents an integrated and coordinated cross-functional service in the areas of financial aid, student accounts, and registration.  acting as a “single point of service” across these areas, the one stop promotes a progressive, simplified, and consistent student experience and a culture that supports student satisfaction and success. we are here to help! 




visit us at dr. samuel dewitt proctor hall located at 65 davidson road on busch campus 








self-service at scarlet hub  


submit an inquiry 


call 848-445-4636 (info) 




the one stop is open monday – thursday from 8:30am to 4:30pm, and 11am to 4:30pm on fridays. 



 


undergraduate admissions 


undergraduate admissions at rutgers-new brunswick can answer questions and provide information to prospective students and their families: 





in-person and virtual visits 


online chat 


submit an inquiry 


call 848-445-4636 (info) 


 





resources for student success 


success.rutgers.edu is a central website dedicated to helping students find all of the services and resources to succeed. resources are organized in four thematic areas: success essentials, academic support services, involvement & community, and experiential learning & career preparation. the site is easily searchable and includes important “how to” instructional videos and guides for topics such as course scheduling, add/drop, canvas, teams, the handshake career management platform, and more. 
 






















rutgers menu




universitywide




new brunswick




rbhs




newark




camden




online




rutgers health






copyright ©, rutgers, the state university of new jersey, an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution. all rights reserved.
university webmaster | accessibility
 



















