



the national lemon law center | lemon law attorneys



































start your free lemon law case review
877.315.3666








 back
					

home

lemon law





 back
										

lemon law vehicles

lemon law myths

lemon law claims

lemon law eligibility

problems with lemons

federal lemon law act

rv lemon law

used car lemon law

lemon law: from claim filing to resolution





frequently asked questions

auto recalls

contact us








 menu


faq





recalls


eligibility








you have nothing to lose, except that lemon!
we can help you file a claim at no cost to you.


free lemon case review
			






lemon law attorney
driving a lemon? contact a lawyer today!


	a lemon law attorney with 20 years experience can evaluate your situation
	 and determine whether you may be
	eligible to get a full refund on your car - or a new car altogether!
	
understanding your legal rights if you own or are leasing a defective vehicle
	 or other product can help you take the appropriate action to finally end
	 the hassle and expense associated with your lemon.



find a lemon law attorney
today! we’ve helped over 19,000 consumers and recovered over $70 million.


depending on the state where you live, you may be able to get a refund
	 of all the money you have spent on your defective product or may even
	 be able to receive the full msrp (manufacturer's suggested retail price)
	 from the responsible party, whether this is the:

manufacturer
retailer
or other party

you do not have to keep driving that lemon!
at the national lemon law center our affiliated attorneys are committed
	 to protecting the rights of those who have been stuck with a lemon. we
	 offer a way to connect you with skilled and aggressive representation
	 throughout the entire u.s.

	best of all, your representation may be
	entirely free. we strive to keep the representation you receive free.


	this means that you would not be charged for any out of pocket legal fees.
	 instead, our affiliated lawyers would seek compensation from the manufacturer
	 or dealer, pursuant to state and federal
	lemon laws.



you can fill out the quick
			online contact form to provide us with what we need to know, so we can notify you of what your
			 options are. our affiliated lemon law lawyers can fight to protect these rights.










								quick lemon law case review
							





name



									please enter your name.
								



email



									this isn't a valid email address.
								

									please enter your email address.
								



phone



									this isn't a valid phone number.
								

									please enter your phone number.
								

									you entered an invalid number.
								



are you a new client?


are you a new client?
yes, i am a potential new client.
no, i'm a current existing client.
i'm neither.


									please select an option.
								



vehicle



									please enter your vehicle year/make/model.
								



message



										please enter a message.
									





submit information







how does it work?




free case evaluation
submit your information for a free lemon law case evaluation by one of
						 our experienced lemon law attorneys.



we file your claim
if we take your case, we will attempt to resolve the claim with the manufacturer for you.



we don’t take no for an answer
if the manufacturer refused to comply with its lemon law obligations, we
						 will file suit to seek compensation for you.



getting a settlement
if your case settles, all fees and costs will be paid by the manufacturer.



no cost to you
regardless of the outcome, you are never responsible for paying our fees.




why a lemon law attorney?

	at the national lemon law center our affiliated, experienced lawyers understand
	 how federal and state lemon laws apply to your
	lemon law claim. we have represented clients throughout the u.s. since 1999 and can apply
	 our knowledge of the lemon laws in your area to fully protect your interests.
	 each state's laws are different, and every client's situation is different.
	 it is always our goal to address your particular concerns and therefore
	 maximize your recovery. we have helped more than 19,000 consumers and
	 recovered over $70 million! let us help you today!








client testimonials





“national lemon law center provided me excellent service during the entire process.”

thomas b.




“i think highly of their services and would recommend them for any lemon law case.”

wes




“i was screwed on a new car and they helped get a refund!”

jordan r.










read client reviews






what can you do if you're driving a lemon?


there are specific actions you can take if you are experiencing problems
			 with a lemon vehicle:

keep detailed records of any and all repairs, and keep receipts from each
			 visit to the mechanic.
whenever there is a problem, it's best that you take it directly back to
			 the dealership. many states require a certain number of visits and the
			 records of these can be used to prove that you have a lemon.
talk to an attorney as soon as possible.
be sure to consult an attorney before you take your vehicle to an outside
			 repair shop, as the dealership or manufacturer may use these visits as
			 a reason to deny responsibility or to say that repairs were not done completely
			 and properly.
once you hire a lemon law lawyer, do not discuss your case with anyone
			 outside of the law office. certain things that you say or do may be used
			 against you in your case. 









is your car eligible?




about the federal lemon law act




frequently asked questions




do you have a lemon?































lemon law attorney


lemon law by state


disclaimer


site map


privacy policy







2300 henderson mill road, suite 300
							
						
atlanta,
						ga 
30345
map & directions [+]





(877) 315-3666











				x
			

⚠
your browser is out of date. to get the full experience of this website,
					 please update to most recent version.

update my browser








the information on this website is for general information purposes only.
							 nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual
							 case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt
							 or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.

					© 2025 all rights reserved.
				



















