     jeep & dodge dealer in jacksonville | darcars cdjr orange park                              









                                                               darcars orange park chrysler dodge jeep ram        sales 904-777-5500    service 904-777-5500  parts 904-777-5500      7233 blanding boulevardjacksonville, fl 32244                                          service        map        contact                          darcars orange park chrysler dodge jeep ram           call 904-777-5500   directions                      new   search new inventory   search all chrysler inventory   search all dodge inventory   search all jeep inventory   search all ram inventory   search all wagoneer inventory   custom order   estimate your trade     used   search used inventory   certified pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned program   vehicles under $20k   estimate your trade     work trucks   new work trucks & cargo vans   used work trucks & cargo vans   commercial work trucks     service   schedule service   service department   express lane   mopar recalls   owner care     parts   parts department   order parts   tire care advice      finance   finance department   apply for financing   lease return program     specials   new vehicle specials   lease & finance specials   used vehicle specials   service & parts specials   special programs   manufacturer specials     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   careers   tradevantage   darcars assurance   leave us a review     research                    home   new   search new inventory   search all chrysler inventory   search all dodge inventory   search all jeep inventory   search all ram inventory   search all wagoneer inventory   custom order   estimate your trade     used   search used inventory   certified pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned program   vehicles under $20k   estimate your trade     work trucks   new work trucks & cargo vans   used work trucks & cargo vans   commercial work trucks     service   schedule service   service department   express lane   mopar recalls   owner care     parts   parts department   order parts   tire care advice      finance   finance department   apply for financing   lease return program     specials   new vehicle specials   lease & finance specials   used vehicle specials   service & parts specials   special programs   manufacturer specials     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   careers   tradevantage   darcars assurance   leave us a review     research                


    start your search    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used certified      search       




                                                                                                                                 search new inventory     search used inventory        












get
 financing














schedule
 service














trade
 appraisal














current
 specials






          




shop by brand




chrylser





dodge





jeep





ram


















300





pacifica





pacifica hybrid














charger





challenger






durango





hornet













compass





wrangler





wrangler unlimited






grand cherokee





grand cherokee l





gladiator





grand wagoneer





wagoneer









grand wagoneer





wagoneer









all-new 1500





1500 classic





ram 2500





ram 3500





ram chassis cab





promaster city





ram promaster










      






business link

business link is a free program that connects business owners with a network of commercial dealers.
learn more








finance department

we strive to make all our customers' purchasing, leasing or service experiences as stress-free and seamless as possible.
learn more






       


2024 jeep wrangler
enjoy the wrangler life

when you want a vehicle that’s a complete lifestyle and not just an everyday driver, many search for a jeep wrangler for sale in jacksonville, fl for adventures and daily traveling alike. the 2024 jeep wrangler has lots of amazing features and trim levels to enjoy and choose from! learn all about which options are your favorite, then make time to come find your next new wrangler at our jeep dealership in jacksonville, fl!
view wrangler inventory


     



darcars orange park chrysler dodge jeep ram

our dealership is your local orange park chrysler jeep dodge ram dealer in jacksonville, fl. darcars cdjr orange park is family-owned and the oldest cdjr dealer in jacksonville, fl. we offer our valued customers the full lineup of chrysler, dodge, jeep, and ram vehicles. housing all of these different brands under the same roof allows us to effectively serve our community because we can provide cars to folks of all sorts.
dodge makes dynamic and bold sports vehicles like our new dodge charger for sale. these incredible vehicles look great on the road – and in your driveway. chrysler has the sleek chrysler 300 and the chrysler pacifica minivan, which is a great choice for families.
jeep vehicles are well-known for being rugged and dependable. if you like venturing off the beaten path, then you're likely to be interested in our new jeep grand cherokee for sale or another vehicle in the tough jeep lineup. drivers who are looking for a new truck or van will find the ram lineup, including the famous ram 1500, to be more their style.
here at orange park chrysler dodge jeep ram, we also carry a wide variety of used cars of all makes and models. these can be more affordable than used vehicles but are still sold to you in good shape. our team will work with you to try and secure you the low-rate financing package of your dreams when you shop with us. no matter your preferences and needs, we have a car for you.
more about us



follow us

                                 




    sales hours          monday 8:30am - 9:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 9:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 9:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 9:00pm    friday 8:30am - 9:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 7:00pm    sunday 12:00pm - 6:00pm         service hours          monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours          monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed        




darcars orange park chrysler dodge jeep ram


7233 blanding boulevard 

jacksonville, fl 
32244 




 get directions
 













darcars dodge vehicles in jacksonville, fl
the most famous cars that dodge makes are the dodge challenger and the dodge charger. both are dynamic and powerful sports vehicles. the dodge challenger is a two-door beast that will see you fly down streets and highways with just a press of your foot. the dodge charger is a larger four-door vehicle that still performs like a race car. both embody an iconic american style.
imagine it: you're cruising down the highway in your new dodge sports car, passing anyone who holds up traffic without breaking a sweat. you notice heads turn as your shining new muscle car rips down the road. the roar of the engine is audible even over the highway traffic. best of all, you can visit orange park chrysler jeep dodge ram today to make this dream a reality.
while these cars have different numbers of doors, both of them provide incredible thrills when you really push them. the acceleration will leave your passengers' jaws on the floor – but they'll at least still be comfortable in their sports seating. if you have a need for speed, then visit us, your local dodge dealership in jacksonville, fl.
orange park jeep cars
the jeep lineup is wide, offering suvs of all shapes and sizes. the jeep gladiator is also worth considering as a pickup that folds the off-roading chops jeep is known for into the utility of a truck. we are also a jeep grand cherokee dealer; this suv is supremely popular because it is both rugged and comfortable. folks looking for a slightly smaller suv would do well to consider our new jeep compass for sale. no matter the needs of you and your loved ones, darcars orange park has you covered.
we are honored to be your local jeep dealer. our expert sales staff can help you determine exactly which jeep lineup member is the best fit for you and your family. a three-row jeep suv is probably the way to go if you have a gaggle of kids. folks who live in the city may prefer a compact model, such as the jeep renegade, which is easy to park. let our team help you determine which fantastic model to drive home.
no dealership would be complete without a service bay full of certified technicians who offer incredible dodge jeep ram service and can help you pick out dodge jeep ram parts and accessories. whether you're looking for a new jeep vehicle or to have your current ride serviced, your local jeep dealership in jacksonville, fl, is the place to do it.
read more

ram 1500 dealer in jacksonville, fl
the whole team here at orange park chrysler dodge jeep ram is proud to offer the new ram 1500 for sale in jacksonville, fl. this truck is an incredible machine, boasting a wide variety of available engines and configurations that allow you to customize your new pickup. it can handle just about anything you want to throw at it on the job site.
some folks will need an even more powerful truck, however. the ram heavy duty vehicles offer incredible power and the same rugged style that helps make the ram 1500 so popular. as your local jacksonville dodge ram dealership, we have the ram 1500 and the heavy duty models in our wide-ranging new inventory.
commercial enterprises may be interested in a different segment of the ram lineup. the promaster vans are the perfect fleet vehicle for your company, whether you're an established name or an insurgent start-up. contact us today to discuss our commercial vehicle offerings.
why work with us?
we are part of the darcars automotive group, which has been in business for more than 40 years. that timeline alone is a testament to our dedication to doing fair and honest business – crooked dealerships simply don't last that long. our long history of service to our community in jacksonville, fl, is unbroken.
being part of a large organization like darcars, which includes dealerships around the country, has its advantages. we leverage technology to give you a dynamic and timely shopping experience while still applying the orange park chrysler jeep dodge ram personal touch.
thanks to our nation-spanning network, we have access to an inventory of more than 10,000 vehicles. since we buy cars on such a large scale, we can also work with auto manufacturers to lower our costs – and pass the savings on to you. visit us today and take advantage of the darcars promise of excellence.
orange park chrysler jeep dodge ram in jacksonville, fl
we are dedicated to customer service and satisfaction. this leads us to prioritize your experience, both in how our staff interacts with you and the financial side of things. our dedicated team of experts will sit down with you and try hard to secure you the low-rate financing that you deserve, whether you're buying one of our used vehicles for sale or a new vehicle. the orange park dodge team is in your corner.
we have competitive new vehicle offers and a fantastic selection of cars, new and used. the service department is full of knowledgeable folks who can keep your newly purchased automobile running smoothly. when you shop with us, all of the advantages of darcars are on your side. visit orange park chrysler jeep dodge ram today to test drive your next vehicle.



                        copyright © 2025 by darcars | sitemap | privacy | darcars orange park chrysler dodge jeep ram | 7233 blanding boulevard, jacksonville, fl 32244 | sales: 904-777-5500             




























                 