


serendipity

















serendipity — the website

this website asserts the natural right of people everywhere (simply by being born human) to pursue their lives, interests and pleasures free from exploitation and domination by political and economic forces which seek to enslave them – free from dictatorial authoritarian governments (aren't they all?), rapacious capitalist corporations, mendacious religious organizations, fraudulent and predatory international bankers, the lying mainstream media and the evil alliance among all of these which seeks to deprive everyone else of their true perception of reality and, by this means, of their freedom, health, wealth and happiness.






at the point where the illusion becomes too expensive to maintain, they will just take down the scenery, they will pull back the curtains, they will move the tables and chairs out of the way, and you will see the brick wall at the back of the theater. — frank zappa

this website, which consists of hundreds of articles, is not predominantly about the covid "pandemic" scam (set up to make billions of dollars for big pharma) but many of the initial articles below are about it, since it is the most significant event of this century up to now (along with the wars in ukraine and in gaza), with major impact on the lives of everyone on earth, and its consequences are ongoing.
the following items are mostly in reverse chronological order, that is, most recent at the top..  best viewed by desktop or laptop pc.

'disinformation' is a bogus concept

 'disinformation' refers to the deliberate dissemination of false or inaccurate information with the intention to mislead. it can be, and is, used to suppress the spread of true information. ... strictly speaking, there is no such thing as 'disinformation'.  there is only information, which may be true or false (and this may change anytime).


counting the dead in gaza
armed conflicts have indirect health implications beyond the direct harm from violence. even if the conflict ends immediately, there will continue to be many indirect deaths in the coming months and years from causes such as reproductive, communicable, and non-communicable diseases. the total death toll is expected to be large given the intensity of this conflict; destroyed health-care infrastructure; severe shortages of food, water, and shelter; the population's inability to flee to safe places ...  in recent conflicts, such indirect deaths range from three to 15 times the number of direct deaths. applying a conservative estimate of four indirect deaths per one direct death to the 37,396 deaths reported [so far], it is not implausible to estimate that up to 186,000 or even more deaths [of palestinian men, women and children] could be attributable to the current conflict in gaza.
what is happening in gaza is genocide.


jeffrey tucker (the brownstone institute): what really happened: lockdown until vaccination (may 2024)
here are extracts from the beginning of this article which reveals what has been obscure since march 2020:

four years later, many people are investigating how our lives were completely upended by a pandemic response. ...
first, in late 2019 ... higher-ups in the biodefense industry and perhaps people like anthony fauci ... became aware of a lab leak at a us-funded bioweapons lab in wuhan. ... military and security higher-ups, the people actually working with clearances in the bioweapons industry, were the first to get the word. ...
by january 2020, the situation had become dire within the bureaucracies. if the background of the lab leak got out, and millions died and the blame fell on the us and its labs around the world, there could be massive repercussions on politics and so much more. ...
that’s when the effort began to shift blame over to the wet markets in wuhan and [pseudo-]scientifically back the idea of natural origins. ... the media backed the claim with censorship of anyone saying otherwise.
so far so good, but there was still the problem of the virus itself. that’s where the antidote labeled a vaccine came into play. this effort began in january too: the opportunity to deploy mrna technology. it had been stuck in research for some 20 years but had never gained regulatory approval through conventional means. but with a pandemic declared ... the entire regulatory apparatus could be bypassed, along with all indemnifications pushed through and even taxpayer funding.

the people behind the lab disaster would [it was planned] become heroes instead of villains.


read the full article here.
the westminster declaration
... we are united by our commitment to universal human rights and freedom of speech, and we are all deeply concerned about attempts to label protected speech as ‘misinformation’ [and] ‘disinformation’ ...

bryce buchanan: why we are sleepwalking into tyranny
 while most people are not paying attention, most of the key elements protecting freedom and prosperity are now under attack by people who wish to control our country and the world. globalist leaders wish to put an end to national sovereignty, enforce a "new world order," control information, put an end to free speech, give the who worldwide dictatorial power on major health choices, ban our only reliable sources of energy, and impose a digital currency that will allow complete monitoring and control of every single citizen with a chinese-style social credit system. ... the people who are planning to be your future masters are not worried about stating their plans [openly] because the vast majority of people are distracted with their trivial amusements. they are busy watching ball games and movies and smartphone screens. the mental weaknesses discussed [in this article] have created a culture ripe for the taking, oblivious and unconcerned about the things that really matter.
john mearsheimer:

the darkness ahead: where the ukraine war is headed
had the united states and its allies not moved to bring ukraine into nato in april 2008, or had they been willing to accommodate moscow's security concerns after the ukraine crisis broke out in february 2014, there probably would be no war in ukraine today and its borders would look like they did when it gained its independence in 1991. the west made a colossal blunder, which it and many others are not done paying for.

bound to lose: ukraine's 2023 counteroffensive
there are irreconcilable differences between the two sides over security guarantees for ukraine and territory, which stand in the way of a meaningful peace agreement. ... ukraine insists that it needs a security guarantee, which can only come from the us and nato. russia, on the other hand, insists that ukraine must be neutral and must end its security relationship with the west. in fact, that issue was the main cause of the present war, even if american and european foreign policy elites refuse to believe it. moscow was [and remains] unwilling to tolerate ukraine joining nato [because obviously it is an existential threat to russia].



what really went on inside the wuhan lab weeks before covid erupted
the times reports that "chinese scientists spliced together deadly pathogens shortly before the pandemic"
igor chudov: florida's letter to the cdc and the fda exposes vaccine quackery
florida's surgeon general joseph ladapo sent an open letter to the fda and the cdc. the letter asks all the right questions about covid vaccines — and exposes the fda and the cdc as charlatans engaging in medical quackery. here's the letter ...
brownstone institute: 15 days ["to flatten the curve"] finally ends after 1,141 days
on monday [may 1st, 2023], the white house announced that its covid-19 vaccine requirements ... will expire on may 11 [2023], coinciding with the end of the covid public health emergency. ... in some ways, the repeal is a victory against the irrational tyranny behind the vaccine mandates that have been part of the entire lockdown paradigm. americans no longer have to choose between taking an experimental, ineffective medical product and keeping their job. ... we no longer have to listen to the tyrannical paternalism behind forcing people to receive a shot that they don't want while insisting that it is saving their lives.

at the same time, however, it is far from a victory; we have returned to what should be the normal state, and we already witnessed the suffering that the mandates incurred. millions of people were forced to choose between the truth of their convictions and earning a living. the people who implemented this hell remain in power, and they appear unremorseful. ...

since march 2020, covid served as the basis for political initiatives far beyond the realm of public health. it was used as the justification for eviction moratoriums, travel restrictions, domestic-capacity restrictions, closures, mask mandates, and student debt relief.

"the people who implemented this hell [particularly deborah birx] ... appear unremorseful" and fully deserve the maximum legally allowable punishment, which however can never compensate for the damage and suffering they caused to hundreds of millions of people.

see also bill rice's deborah birx gets her close-up. 

how the covid-19 lockdowns emerged


the origin of the public panic seems to have been a report from cnn on january 26, 2020, of an alleged statement by china's health minister ma xiaowei that people who are (supposedly) infected by the virus can infect others without themselves showing any symptoms of illness.  if that were true (and there is zero evidence for this) then you could be infected (by an allegedly deadly virus) just by walking down the street — clearly a reason to panic ... dr. fauci is quoted as saying, "the chinese did not tell u.s. health authorities that the virus could spread before someone is symptomatic", thus implicitly (and cleverly) suggesting that indeed that was the case.  [click on the link above for more detail.]

see also the article the day fauci reversed course by will jones.

italy locked down on march 8th and 10th, a response it seems to the climbing death rate, and most of the rest of the world followed in the ensuing two weeks. the u.s. government was persuaded by deborah birx and others to back lockdowns on march 16th. ... [lockdowns were supported by] alarmist models from scientists like imperial's neil ferguson. after march 23rd, sweden was the only holdout among western governments. such a mess of uncoordinated action confirms to my mind a picture of different groups driven by different motives and agendas which sometimes overlap, catalysed by groupthink and hysteria, rather than any grand behind-the-scenes conspiracy involving all in a coordinated fashion.

see the article by jeffrey tucker above for the real reason behind the lockdowns.






covid-19 psyop — control by fear
igor chudov: to prevent the next pandemic, punish those who started[and profited from] this pandemic
alex krainer: the war upon us all is the war we will win
what the world experienced over the last three years was the greatest crime against humanity ever perpetrated ... [and] the agenda was formulated and planned by those who had the means and the motive to set the wheels in motion. this monolithic and ruthless conspiracy clearly originated from the international banking cartel together with their agencies like the bank of international settlements, the imf, world bank ... and others who control the issue of money and credit with which they can bribe and co-opt almost any governing or regulatory structure in society.

cj hopkins: how to memory-hole a psyop
there comes a time near the end of every psyop when the psyop has achieved its objective, or as much of its objective as it is going to achieve, and is becoming increasingly recognizable as a psyop, and so the focus shifts to damage control, and erasing the psyop from official history. this is a crucial stage of the psyop, because, at this point, a significant percentage of the public have realized that they've been thoroughly mindfucked, and many of them are none too happy about it. some of them are starting to ask awkward questions, like "why were we deceived and coerced by our governments, global health authorities, and the state and corporate media into submitting to a series of experimental 'vaccinations' that appear to be killing and injuring a lot of people?"

why indeed?  could a plan to "cull the masses" be the answer?  and who or what would be behind it?

covid-19 — mass formation or mass atrocity? 
mattias desmet's theory of mass formation attracted a great deal of attention in 2022. in this review of desmet's book, the psychology of totalitarianism, we argue that it manifests the psychology of atrocity — and that "mass formation" paradoxically serves to legitimize the mass atrocity perpetrated during the covid‑19 era.


like emily oster, desmet attempts to claim that no‑one is to blame for the 2020‑2022 atrocity that has killed and harmed hundreds of millions of people worldwide, and is still onging, with no end in sight.  no‑one is to blame? really?


doug casey: global government vs. the people
there was something unusually wicked going on here — in that most of the world's governments got together and created a blackout surrounding the simple discussion of covid and a blackout on the scientific investigation of cures. worse, it was all done in the name of "the science." meanwhile, government bureaucrats and influencers worked to aggressively cancel all forms of discussion and actual scientific investigation regarding any aspects of the disease.
igor chudov: the atlantic is asking for "pandemic amnesty" and forgiveness

amnesty?  for what crimes?  forgiveness?  for what sins?  the author of the atlantic article does not say.  hundreds of thousands of people were injured or died because they were injected (many could not in practice refuse) with untested ("experimental") so‑called "vaccines" which damaged the workings of their bodies, often to the point of killing them.  the author (emily oster) is proposing, outrageously, that we just say, "oh well, mistakes happen — no-one's to blame — let's move on." hundreds of people who facilitated this crime against humanity (principally the developers, marketers and advocates of the so‑called "vaccines", motivated by greed and lust for power) are guilty of manslaughter (if not murder), and must be punished (by life in prison or preferably execution) for their crime, lest it happen again.

see also outrage ensues after the atlantic suggests 'amnesty' for pandemic authoritarians and no amnesty for lockdowners.  and the trenchant the unforgivable request for shamnesty, where we read:

massive educational degradation.  economic devastation, by both the lockdowns and now the continuing fiscal nightmare plaguing the nation caused by continuing federal over-reaction.  the critical damage to the development of children's social skills through hyper-masking and fear-mongering.  the obliteration of the public's trust in institutions due to their incompetence and deceitfulness during the pandemic.  the massive erosion of civil liberties.  the direct hardships caused by vaccination mandates, etc. under the false claim of helping one's neighbor.  the explosion of the growth of wall street built on the destruction of main street.  the clear separation of society into two camps — those who could easily prosper during the pandemic and those whose lives were completely upended.  the demonization of anyone daring to ask even basic questions about the efficacy of the response, be it the vaccines themselves, the closure of public schools, the origin of the virus, or the absurdity of the useless public theater that made up much of the program.  the fissures created throughout society and the harm caused by guillotined relationships amongst family and friends.
unforgivable is right!

covid "vaccines" and the nuremberg code(this article was posted on this site on september 2021.)

the attempt by the executives of u.s. and other health "authorities" to administer the covid-19 "vaccines" to hundreds of millions of partially (if at all) informed people — often without their voluntary consent (e.g. as a condition of continued employment) — and failing to protect them against even remote possibilities of injury, disability or death is a clear violation of the nuremberg code.  consequently these executives should be brought to trial before the international criminal court in the hague as soon as possible so as to prevent further disabling injury and death to the innocent citizens of their countries — both adults and children (most of whom do not or cannot understand what is being done to them and so cannot provide voluntary consent).
rob slane: like looking for cleanliness in a pigsty [page gone]

turn whichever way you will, and you will find an unholy trinity of lies, madness and recklessness stalking just about every institution across formerly law-governed, free countries, with anyone who dares to inject even the smallest dose of reality, common sense and wisdom treated as a pariah, an extremist, or a domestic terrorist. ... when a civilisation that once produced god-glorifying cathedrals, sublime symphonies, breath-taking art, magnificent literature, and true scientific endeavour, now has drag queens in public libraries twerking in front of little children, scientists banned from "free speech platforms" for quoting peer-reviewed papers, and medical regulators voting unanimously to inject millions of children with a product known to cause vast numbers of adverse events and deaths, know that the game is up.
cj hopkins: the gaslighting of the masses
"victims of gaslighting are deliberately and systematically fed false information that leads them to question what they know to be true, often about themselves. they may end up doubting their memory, their perception, and even their sanity." ... since the spring of 2020, we have been subjected to official gaslighting on an unprecedented scale. in a sense, the "apocalyptic pandemic" psyop has been one big extended gaslighting campaign (comprising countless individual instances of gaslighting) inflicted on the masses throughout the world.
if you sometimes wonder what effects a nuclear strike on your city would have, see here.

even if your city it is not destroyed in a nuclear blast, but is close to one that is, the people in it would still die horribly (just more slowly). see fred reed's on going seriously boom:
thus it would not be necessary to bomb a city to destroy it, only to cut it off from transport hubs for a couple of weeks. an attacker would of course destroy many cities in addition to necessary infrastructure. ... in no more than a couple of months, perhaps two hundred million people would starve to death.

but don't just take fred's word for it, here's an expert on the subject, steven starr:

a war fought with hundreds or thousands of u.s. and russian strategic nuclear weapons would ignite immense nuclear firestorms covering land surface areas of many thousands or tens of thousands of square miles. ... the loss of warming sunlight would cause daily temperatures to fall below freezing every day for up to 3 years in central north american and central eurasia. the intense cold weather would endure for many years, preventing crops from being grown. most humans and animal populations would perish from starvation.

igor chudov: [klaus schwab's world economic forum] uses coded language to communicate unthinkable plans (2022‑09‑19)

the gist of the wef's proposal, and the attached youtube video, is as follows:we need to stop economic growthwe need to liquidate entire industries to meet our climate goalsto decide which industries to shut down, we need to use wef-selected artificial intelligence to make the decisionswe need to pay displaced people not to work

but what the video actually proposes is 1) shutting down entire industries, 2) with the choice of industries to shut down decided by an ai (no kidding), 3) paying displaced people not to work via universal basic income, and 4) stopping production of things deemed less necessary by the wef. ... wef's ubi plans are not intended to bring us collective prosperity, but instead, they mean to bring us collective poverty.


there is no climate emergency — see also: the global warming hoax
peter meyer: an ecology of souls
[w]hen someone smokes a sufficient amount of dmt they experience what appears to be a ‘space’ of some kind which is inhabited by ‘entities’ which appear to be aware of the observer.  ... what they are seeing are the bodies of souls which inhabit a world which is intermediate between the angelic and the human. in the words of terence mckenna ... those entities constitute “an ecology of souls”.

brandon smith: artificial intelligence: a secular look at the digital antichrist (2022‑08‑12)
[g]lobalists are in fact a kind of cult of organized psychopaths (people without empathy that take joy in destruction for the sake of personal gain). i concluded that globalists do indeed have a religion, and their root belief system according to the evidence is luciferianism. ... i believe that globalists view ai with such reverence because they think it is a new form of life, or an ultimate form of life — a life that they are creating (as gods create life). and, if you think about it symbolically, this new "life" is actually made in the image of its creators: it has no empathy, no remorse, no guilt, no love. for lack of a better word, it is soulless, much like globalist psychopaths are soulless.







igor chudov: dramatic decline in births in germany
and see the comments (especially those concerned with "shedding").  can you (or a child) be proxy-"jabbed" if sleeping with someone who has been jabbed (maybe several times)?  is it all those free‑floating spike proteins that the jabbed have in them?
f. william engdahl: the dystopian who stealth coup

a u.n. treaty known as  the "international health regulations treaty" was passed by the u.n. general assembly in 2005 and subsequently ratified.  it defines actions which may be taken in a member country, if that country agrees, in the event that the world health organizaion (who) declares the actual or imminent occurrence of an international "health event" such as a pandemic.

in january 2022 the u.s. proposed "amendments" to this treaty (which is certain to be adopted) so that such actions could be taken whether or not a country agreed.  in other words, upon declaration by the who of the actual or imminent occurrence of such an event, actions (as decided by the who) could be imposed upon a particular country, such as lockdowns and mandatory "vaccinations" for all residents.  no ratification by vote in the u.n. general assembly is required because this fundamental change to the treaty is described merely as an "amendment" rather than what it is — the annulment of the right of a u.n. member country to refuse dictates from the who regarding health matters with which that member country disagrees.

this means that if the who orders all residents in a country to be injected with something described as a "vaccine" then the government of that country is legally obliged to do that — using fines and threat of jail.  and if some people still refuse then that government is required to take such actions as the construction of concentration camps for the indefinite internment of refuseniks.

for more articles by william engdahl see his newsletters
rob slane: seeing and resisting the agents of chaos
whatever else the lockdowns, masks and so-called vaccines were about, they now know how easy it is to manipulate masses of people using the vast and various psychological tools at their disposal, and how choosing something everyone cares about — health — is a great way to make people believe things which are utterly nonsensical, to the point that they are prepared to police themselves into unquestioningly obeying said nonsense.
tom luongo: the real reason behind the eu's drive to embargo russian oil
[the] eu nations are absolutely willing partners [with the u.s.] in this [war against russia].  ... the proof that the eu is just as happy with war in ukraine as neoconservative forces in the u.s. and uk is evident in their unwillingness to end the war through diplomacy. but europeans are the ones who will suffer the most from this strategy. ... [after] helping manufacture the crisis in ukraine, they [the eu] now uphold the notion that it is a moral imperative for germans to suffer without food, heat and other basic necessities ... to defeat the evil russians. ... former german chancellor angela merkel and french president emmanuel macron ... blew smoke up putin's ass while running the clock out until macron was re-elected and merkel could exit the scene, leaving a weak davos-approved coalition to blame the collapse on. deepened trade between russia and the eu would have eventually ground out the animosity and the u.s.'s insistence on arming ukraine would have become an albatross politically while europe would be staring at a potential renaissance, instead of an economic black hole.
whitney webb:

moderna: a company “in need of a hail mary”
covid-19: moderna gets its miracle


chris hedges: the pimps of war
historical time stopped for them with the end of world war ii. the overthrow of democratically elected governments by the u.s. during the cold war in indonesia, guatemala, the congo, iran and chile  ... the bay of pigs; the atrocities and war crimes that defined the wars in vietnam, cambodia and laos; even the disasters they manufactured in the middle east, have disappeared into the black hole of their collective historical amnesia. ... the cold war, for them, never ended. the world remains binary, us and them, good and evil. they are never held accountable. when one military intervention goes up in flames, they are ready to promote the next. these dr. strangeloves, if we don”t stop them, will terminate life as we know it on the planet.

they are not human — they are demons in human form.  our world has become infested by demons.  like an infestation of rats, but much worse. what's needed is extermination.







see also:

amos m. gunsberg: beyond insanity
peter meyer: psychopaths among us

worse than the disease? reviewing some possible unintended consequences of the mrna vaccines against covid-19
[we review] production of the spike protein itself, and [its] potential relationship to a wide range of both acute and long-term induced pathologies, such as blood disorders, neurodegenerative diseases and autoimmune diseases. ... we also present a brief review of studies supporting the potential for spike protein “shedding”, transmission of the protein from a vaccinated to an unvaccinated person, resulting in symptoms induced in the latter.

in which case one “unintended consequence” may be that alzheimer's has become contagious.

see also other relevant articles at international journal of vaccine theory, practice, and research
battlegroundmelbourne

brandon smith: 
what is the "great reset" and what do the globalists actually want?
what do the globalists really want? ...

total global economic centralization
a one world digital currency system
a global social credit system
you will own nothing and be happy
total information control



rob slane: when fanatical ideology bumps up against stone cold reality
for most westerners, it appears that the current conflict [between russia and ukraine] suddenly dropped from the sky one morning in february 2022. they woke up to hear about a russian invasion, and without any prior knowledge or context, having been denied this for years by their so‑called free press, simply accepted the narrative thrown at them that this invasion was utterly unprovoked — the brainchild of a madman who wishes to recreate hammer and sickle land again.
none of this is remotely true. whatever the actual reasons for invading at this particular time — and i don't believe for one moment that we have the full picture yet — this conflict most certainly did not drop out of the sky or from the ravings of a lunatic on 24th february 2022. no, it is part of a sequence of events that was set off years ago, particularly in 2014, which were clearly destined to reshape the world.

smartphones suck! has been updated.  recommended reading for smartphone addicts.

chronological listings of articles by:


richard k. moore
wade frazier
leonard spencer


gilad atzmon
the saker
f. william engdahl



f. william engdahl: ukraine — the other side of the story we are not being told
jason watton: the covid-19 lockdown shakedown breakdown
mark sleboda: russia — the only path forward
russia resisted this geopolitical flipping by color revolution in georgia, belarus & ukraine. and now the ultimate target of this economic war on russia is attempting to force regime change in russia itself for having the temerity to resist the hegemon's geopolitical expansion right on her very borders.
jeff thomas: the next empire
the creation of a second worldwide swift would effectively remove the swift threat from the us bag of tricks as an economic weapon. as long as russia provides an effective money transfer service and does it without the intimidation that the us employs, it's predictable that other countries would flock to the new system, in preference to swift.
the russia-nato war is a convenient (for the perps) distraction from the covid-19 hoax/psyop.  that global genocide is still ongoing, and will be with us for years to come.  see ben bartee's the biomedical state's crimes against humanity cannot go unpunished.
above all, we can't forgive what they've done to the most vulnerable among us: the kids. every single public health official responsible for (often permanently) damaging children's mental and physical well-being with experimental mrna gene therapy mandates, cruel forced masking in schools, social isolation, and propaganda — down to the county level — deserves the full weight of the legal system pressed on their neck.
will witt: mass hysteria and moral outrage: the ukraine problem
cj hopkins: revenge of the putin-nazis!
just reflect on how seamlessly globocap segued from the apocalyptic pandemic narrative back to the putin-nazi narrative, which had seamlessly replaced the war on terror narrative in the summer of 2016, and how instantly the new normals switched from hating "the unvaccinated" to hating the russians ... what is happening in ukraine is, russia is not playing ball. ... russia is rebelling against globocap, and, unlike the other rebellious parties that globocap has been dealing with recently, russia has thermonuclear weapons.

and multiple missiles with exploding thermonuclear warheads raining down on your city can really spoil your day.
vladimir putin's address on nato, ukraine, and recognition of donetsk and lugansk (february 23, 2022) with english subtitles
full text english translation and another english translation (very similar).

comment by dmitri orlov.
from a moral perspective, the fact that the entire international community idly stood by and ineffectually discussed politics for eight years during which the civilian population of donetsk and lugansk was continuously shelled by the ukrainian “anti‑terrorist operation” is utterly shameful.



william engdahl: meet the network that wants to control the worldthat's the network controlled by klaus schwab.
german health insurer reveals 'alarming' underreporting of vaccine side-effects
... over a 7.5 month period beginning in early 2021, 216,695  policyholders out of 10.9 million [1.99%] were treated for vaccine side-effects. this compares to 244,576 reports out of 61.4 million [0.40%] reported by the paul ehrlich institute — a german federal agency.

click to play video

that is, the number of people reporting side-effects from the jab according to the german health insurance company is five times higher than the number according to the german government. is the german government concealing the damage caused by the jab?

see also: the dirty secrets behind covid-19
ben weingarten america's ruling regime doesn't fear disinformation. it fears truth.
casting critics as terrorists and threatening to sic the most powerful, pervasive and sophisticated security state in the history of the world on them is of course not about defending democracy or protecting the truth — it's about intimidating democratic opposition into silence and submission to an official narrative.
f. william engdahl: hiv, aids, covid-19 and fauci today
this includes the articles

coronavirus and the gates foundation (2020-03-18)
the remarkable doctor a. fauci (2020-04-15)

reiner fuellmich invited to warsaw: a "nuremberg 2.0" initiated by polish intellectuals  that site includes the warsaw declaration against the new totalitarianism. it also has an embedded video, "poland house of representatives' investigation committee: inauguration with dr reiner füllmich", which you can view directly via this link.
peter meyer: a comment to richard moore's full-spectrum dominance and the regime-change project
rob slane: joining the dots between the deaths of fit, young, healthy people and the frankenstein injections
over the last few weeks, i have seen more reports every day of young, fit, healthy people collapsing and many of them dying than i normally come across in a whole year. but that's not the truly disturbing thing. no, the truly disturbing thing is that nobody in public life is willing to put 2+2 together to answer the question of why this is happening. ... [the] reason for this massive and extraordinarily creepy increase in deaths amongst young, fit, healthy people is because of the mass injection of people with a new technology product, never before used on healthy people, never before used in a "vaccine". ...
and there is no doubt whatsoever that these products are causing adverse reactions and deaths on a mass scale. to date, the combined number of deaths in the official government vaccines reporting systems in the us, eu and uk (vaers, eudra and mhra) is over 50,000 ... the total number of adverse reactions reported to the w.h.o. vigiaccess database is over 6.2 million ...
[m]illions of people have been tricked into accepting the injection of something that carries the risk of significant harm, which is a complete violation of the principle of informed consent set out in the nuremberg code, established after the second world war to prevent medical experiments from being perpetrated against people ever again. ...

rob slane: reflections on another year of covidian lies and how the truth will ultimately prevail
...  i reflect on just how much the instigators of the entire scam have managed to reshape reality in an amazingly short timeframe .... there is something horribly ironic, and also deeply chilling about this. for it shows not only how easily manipulated so many people are, but also just how easy it has been for the covidian regimes [the governments of the u.s., the u.k., the e.u., etc.] to reshape reality such that millions have come to accept as normal the very things they would have dismissed just months earlier as the product of deranged minds. ...

[w]hilst there are an endless potential number of lies that can be told, there is only one truth. and what the government and media are very skillful at doing is layering lies upon lies upon lies, such that whilst the critical thinkers and data analysts are busy trying to debunk lie number one, lies number two, three, four and following are already being laid on that foundation so that by the time the original lie has been shown to be false, things have moved on, and hardly anyone can remember, let alone care about, the original claim. ...

the truth will win because the truth must win. it is the truth. it cannot not win. ... and so although these lies will continue, and although they will appear to prevail for some time to come, there is coming a time when they will be defeated because the truth, not lies, is the ultimate reality.

archetypal evil — another letter from a concerned german citizen







archetypal evil ...has repeatedly tried to occupy human consciousnesses throughout history, so that fear dominates and people slip into a psychotic state. mass psychosis can allow sinister forces to impose dictatorial measures. the hypnotized masses, deprived of reason, can then no longer prevent the emergence of an oppressive tyranny. ... [a] manifestation of evil in the form of compulsory vaccination for all citizens of a country has found a beginning in austria.
alex krainer: covid 19: the banking cartel is driving the agenda

as a public service we quote at length from alex's enlightening analysis:
the utter incoherence of the official positions [of the various "health authorities"] has by now become so obvious that they have long lost all credibility. but rather than declaring victory against the virus and celebrating that life can return to normal, the officialdom has become even more deeply entrenched in their own contradictions, turning increasingly aggressive with ever more restrictive "public health" measures. meanwhile, the media have escalated the 'project fear' propaganda to nauseating proportions. ... [more than 20 months] into this "pandemic," 71 nations have issued strangely similar mandates [as if all reading from the same script] for people to wear masks in public spaces, even though there is strictly no scientific proof that this serves any purpose. has everyone worldwide gone insane? if it is not science and logic that's informing the public health measures, then what is it? ...

as of april 2020, 85 nations have requested financial assistance from the imf. deeply in debt and with severely damaged economies, most governments worldwide needed loans, making them prey to the dictates of money power. to secure the needed funds they may have agreed to shutting down their economies, restricting their population's freedom of movement, created stasi-like contact-tracing structures and closed down the schools. ...

in each nation we seem to be opposed by some government bureaucracy. but while those bureaucracies and the officials who work there are becoming the targets of public resentment, it is critical that we recognize the puppeteers behind the agenda that's playing out. there can be little doubt that the enemy is the international banking cartel headquartered in the city of london and on wall street, together with their agencies like the bank of international settlements, the imf, world bank, the global systemically important banks and institutions like the world economic forum, big pharma corporations, world health organization, bill and melinda gates foundation, gavi and numerous others. ...

[the] ultimate culprits, the super-predators, are the bankers: a handful of families and individuals who control and manage the present monetary system. we've no choice but to confront them. today we are armed with truth and information that past generations could not have dreamt of.


peter meyer: comments on vaccination mandates
so when an official advocates “mandatory vaccination” we should ask, do they advocate “forced’ or “involuntary” so-called “vaccination” (that is, injection by hypodermic of a foreign substance into a person’s body). if they do then by any reasonable definition they are advocating the commission of a criminal act. and if that act is part of a general action against a population then it is genocide and a war crime. for which, obviously, there should be consequences.
due to the imminent threat of the new normal totalitarianism, cj hopkins is no longer just blogging at the consent factory, inc. but is now giving interviews.

the road to totalitarian dystopia with gunnar kaiser. it begins in german but changes quickly to english. (archived here.)
germany's dark winter with max rokfin (archived here.)


cj hopkins on the covid-19 psyop and the impending global totalitarianism


the covidian cult
the germans are back!
the vaccine (dis)information war
the new normal (phase 2)
the "unvaccinated" question
the covidian cult (part ii)
the propaganda war (part ii)
the great new normal purge
(new normal) winter is coming
pathologized totalitarianism 101
the year of the new normal fascist
the last days of the covidian cult


doctors for covid ethics: the dangers of booster shots and covid-19 'vaccines': boosting blood clots and leaky vessels
we explain here that booster shots are uniquely dangerous, in a way that is unprecedented in the history of vaccines. that is because repeatedly boosting the immune response will repeatedly boost the intensity of self-to-self attack.
now for something completely different: australian council may ban cats outside if they are not on leads
the planned “cat management” law change in the city of fremantle, western australia, would see cats banned from all public areas such as roads, verges and bushlands. [most of australia is bushland.] ... there have been calls for councils elsewhere in australia to implement similar laws. ... a cat curfew was implemented in the adelaide hills district in july 2020, which banned cats from going outside between 8pm and 7am.

is it something in the water supply down there?
and continuing with something else completely different we now have alex krainer with an article in three parts about the british appeasement of nazi germany leading up to world war ii — not the official story.

appeasement: the shocking truth about the 1938 munich agreement (part 1)
appeasement: the betrayal in munich (part 2)
the "three block" global agenda today and the role of finance (part 3)

the same to be seen in this youtube video.
(you can download the video — a 280 mb zip file.)

vaccine mandates: a public danger — a letter from a concerned german citizen to the christian democratic union of germany (cdu)
federal public servants, rcmp and air and rail travellers must be [fully] vaccinated by [december 1, 2021] — canadian citizens who have not received the mrna injection must now remain in canada until they die (unless they can escape somehow).

video: vaccine expert warns of covid vaccination catastrophe — vaccinologist dr geert vanden bossche issues a dire warning about mass covid vaccination and the catastrophe which may follow.
(you can download the video — a 166 mb zip file.) and see dr vanden bossche's website.
after the pandemic has run its course (in 2022?) it will be found that it is mostly the double- and triple‑jabbed who have died (due to receiving the mrna injection) rather than the unjabbed.
thomas h. greco: to jab or not to jab, that is the question
according to the national center for biotechnology information, "informed consent" is both an ethical and legal obligation of medical practitioners in the us and originates from the patient's right to direct what happens to their body. in considering the questions of personal choice, vaccine mandates, and medical passports, the question before us is this: shall we allow our present fear to drive us backward into that dark realm of inhumane coercion? who, after all, owns your body?

are vaccinated athletes suffering heart attacks?
are the spike proteins which are manufactured in cells under the directions of the mrna in the double‑jab (and released into the bloodstream when the cell walls consequently collapse) clogging up the capillaries in the heart and lungs of the athletes and soccer players?  and in the other "vaccinated" as well?  why didn't "vaccine‑expert" dr. anthony fauci tell us this might happen?
kit knightly: 30 facts you need to know: your covid cribsheet
"covid deaths" — lockdowns — pcr tests — "asymptomatic infection" — ventilators — masks — vaccines — deception & foreknowledge
f. william engdahl: scandal behind the fda fake approval of pfizer jab
the notoriously conflicted biden covid adviser, tony fauci of the niaid, using that ruling [namely, full approval for the mrna genetic vaccine of pfizer and biontech], is calling for national mandatory vaccination for the [u.s.a.]  what is not being revealed is the cesspool of corruption and conflicts of interest between the fda and the major drug companies, including pfizer, that stand behind the rushed approval.

the impending die-off (over the next year) of many (or perhaps most) of those who have been double-jabbed, and the social marginalization (if not internment in labor camps) of those who have not, is unfortunately not the only thing we have to worry about.  the covid-19 pandemic/hoax is also mainly responsible (ultimately) for the current world-wide supply-chain disruption.  it may have been made in china, with would-be users/consumers eager or desperate to have it, but due to the rising costs of shipping it in containers, the backlog of containers awaiting unloading in ports, the decline of air freight, the resulting scarcity of raw materials for u.s. production (especially of food), and the huge shortage of truck drivers (due in part to refusing to take, or failing, drug tests), it's not reaching them.  for reports of this see jason watton's the harbingers of famine.

brandon smith: covid authoritarians are the cause of america's problems, not the unvaccinateddon't miss the comments.
james odell, omd, nd, l.ac.: covid-19 mrna vaccinesif not time to read it all you can skip to the conclusion, or read it here.
f. william engdahl: some background on big pharma and the covid pandemic

this contains two articles:

delta variants, pcr tests and cognitive dissonance
we should trust 'the science' of the pharma industry?

 





the amount of greed, corruption, fraud and blatant disregard for public health by the main so-called "vaccine" makers (pfizer, moderna, astrazaneca and johnson&johnson) is absolutely staggering.  as is the amount of death, injury and destruction of people's lives and livelihoods (both of adults and of children) that they have knowingly caused (and will continue to cause unless stopped).  this level of evil cannot continue to be ignored if we are to remain human.

see 15,472 dead 1.5 million injured (50% serious) reported in european union's database of adverse drug reactions for covid-19 shots
and vaers covid vaccine adverse event reports — 17,128 deaths and 83,412 hosptitalizations (up to 2021-10-15; and more likely over 70,000 deaths due to vast underreporting).
updated 2021-11-19: 19,241 deaths and 97,561 hospitalizations.
see also baldfaced lies told by fauci and walensky at senate committee hearing.
and the report of the ludicrous pfizer "study" of jabs for children 5 - 11 years old.
and the report of the australian bureau of statistics.
"so deeply, deeply wrong" — lithuanian without vaccine pass describes life under medical tyranny
the current reality in lithuania foreshadows the future that faces other countries if they continue down the path of covid pass restrictions: europe, the us, the uk, australia, canada...  but there's virtually no reporting in english about this massive change in society. or about the hatred and de-humanization which has resulted.
see also the author's more detailed and more horrifying post: covid pass in lithuania and throughout europe: how recent vaccine mandate laws have upended my family's life
and what are you going to do to help stop this coming de-humanization (maybe in your country)?  nothing?  go as sheep to slaughter?  "gee ... what can i do?"  start by thinking (maybe also informing yourself).  then act .  only you know how best to do that.
the actual cause(s) of "covid-19 illness" — is it graphene oxide?  or the spike protein? 
fox guarding the henhouse? yes, indeed!
dr. fauci is still the voice of covid usa.  he's had his hand in every aspect of the virus, from creating it to masking us, shutting society, and resisting early treatment, leading to hundreds of thousands of deaths. ... far from being the face of our public health, fauci is the face of destruction.  it's time he was indicted, not extolled.  it's also time we stood up and said "no" as loudly as possible — no to vaccinating our children, no to mandates, no to masks, and no to all the rules that keep us from living free lives.  the more of us do that, the faster this will end.
pathologists' shocking finding from deaths after covid-19 jabs
not only did [professor lang] show accumulations of lymphocytes in a wide variety of tissues [in ten deaths that had occurred after covid-19 vaccination], from the heart muscle to the kidney, liver, spleen, and uterus; he also showed images in which the tissue was massively attacked as a result, and a whole series of lymphocyte follicles, which are, as it were, small, developing lymph nodes in completely the wrong place, for example in lung tissue.
brandon smith: how states and communities can fight back against biden's covid tyranny

a war is coming. ... [actually] the war is already at our doorstep. a person has two choices: fight or be enslaved. there is no third option. there is no walking away. there is no hiding from it and there is no passive solution to it. ... the next step? forced vaccinations under threat of fines and imprisonment, the threat of confiscation of one's children, or vaccination at the barrel of a gun. ... why should anyone submit to covid mandates at all? mandates are not laws, they are color of law restrictions without legal merit. the bottom line? unconstitutional orders are not to be followed. this leads us to the state and local strategies for fighting back against the federal passport mandates.  ...

see also: organizing patriots in the face of government informants and false flags
and covid-19 detention camps: are government round-ups of resistors in our future?
towards the zombie apocalypse
it begins: die-off of the vaccinated?
jim rickards: vaccine voodoo
the voice of sanity and reason.  totally lost on the karens and covidiots.  mostly useless against the global elite's drive for totalitarian control of the world for their own power-crazed benefit (while aiming to cull 90% of humans).

see also jason watton's examining covid vaccine efficacy

jeff thomas: the new world order, courtesy of rube goldberg
most of the pieces of the puzzle are in place and the primary goals appear to be on the horizon. first, a collectivist form of rule is nearly complete. collectivism consists of a gumbo of ingredients — socialism, communism, fascism and capitalism — with whatever recipe works for the particular population it is foisted upon. ... to soften up the people, ideals and [true] beliefs must be done away with. ... next, the constant threat of aggression from others is necessary. ... the people must live in fear of a perceived enemy. the end product is a return to serfdom. ... but the principal movers of the new world order [david rockefeller, henry kissinger, george soros, klaus schwab, baron rothschild] are now getting very long in the tooth. ... and, of course, being sociopathic, this dream cannot be achieved by those who come after them; it must be achieved whilst they are alive.
dmitri orlov: the afghanistan rout and american glasnost
i believe that the extreme and apparent incompetence of the americans in afghanistan is the result of the corrosive effect of lies. a foundation of lies is inevitably a shaky one and can only be kept from crumbling under carefully controlled circumstances. ... one lie always deserves another, and then the making of mistakes, the efforts to fix mistakes and the efforts to hide mistakes all become largely interchangeable. ... the afghanistan occupation started with the horrendous lies of nineleven, continued with the ridiculous, contrived excuses for the invasion and then went on for 20 long years, each much like the previous, with each year's lies piling on top of the previous years' lies.
mike whitney: you refuse to get vaccinated, but are you ready to be an outcast?
[the] people that are managing this campaign [for 100% vaccination of the population] don't want anything that veers from the "official narrative". they don't want people thinking for themselves, they don't want people searching alternate websites that challenge the new prevailing doctrine on vaccines, they don't want people who read the details about the trials or the medical journals or the research papers. they don't want you to question their motives, or weigh the risks and benefits of getting vaccinated. they don't want you to notice that their vaccines never completed long-term trials or met the normal standards for product safety. they don't want you to consider the fact that mrna is a relatively new technology with a checkered past that includes some very disturbing animal trials in which all the animals died. they don't want you to think about any of this. they want you to shut up, stand in line, turn off your brain, and roll up your sleeve. and, anyone who disagrees with that sentiment, is being censored.

see also: here's why no one can force you to take pfizer's newly 'approved' comirnaty vaccine
and mass psychosis — how an entire population becomes mentally ill

brandon smith: why are globalists and governments so desperate for 100% vaccination rates?
how is it possible that almost all the governments on the planet are in agreement on medical totalitarianism? well, it's rather easy to understand when you realize the majority of them are linked together through globalist institutions like the world economic forum, which has repeatedly called the pandemic a "perfect opportunity" to push through their plans for a "great reset" ... [which] is a long term ideological usurpation of what's left of individual freedom and free market economies, and its goal is the imposition of a global socialist/communist dictatorship. ...[but] there are a few hangups in their plan, and this is why i believe we are seeing an aggressive propaganda push [for total vaccination] in recent weeks. ...

why the relentless government push for total vaccine saturation? it's not saving lives, and the mandates remain regardless, so why? i can only posit theories based on the evidence at hand, but i think it's clear to most of us that the vaccines are not about public health nor are they about saving lives. they are obviously about something else ... the stage is being set, in my view, for a mass infertility event, and covid will be blamed in place of [the actual cause —] the experimental vaccines. this is why the establishment needs a 100% vaccination rate; unvaccinated people would stand as evidence of their crime. ...

what if the vaccine side effects create [infertility and thus] ... diminishing population? what if they are meant to? we will not know for certain for a couple of years at least as autoimmune disorders and infertility take time to become visible in a population. ... if a large population of millions of people remain unvaccinated after the next couple of years, then they will represent a sizable and undeniable control group. a control group is a group of subjects that act as a pure sample untouched by a drug or vaccine experiment. if the vaccinated group becomes ill or dies from specific conditions and the control group does not have those same conditions, then that is a pretty good sign that your vaccine or drug is poison. ... i suspect this is what the elites are really afraid of.
klaus schwab and his "great reset" global elitists wish to eliminate "useless eaters" (useless to them).  their tool is the double-jab (a.k.a. the "vaccines"), which contains toxins which over a period of a a year or two will produce infertility, injury and death in the double-jabbed.  they will blame this on a new ("more infectious" and "more deadly") "variant" of "the covid-19 virus".  but this story will not be credible if it is only the double-jabbed who become infertile, injured and die. if the jabbed constitute about half of the u.s. population, and the other half (the unjabbed) do not suffer this injury, then it will be plain to see that it is the jab — the "vaccine" — that is the cause. thus in order for the elitists' story to hold up, it is necessary that all, or almost all, of the population gets double-jabbed.  if not, it will be clear that the elitists (by means of their toxic "vaccines") have attempted something close to global genocide. in which case those of them who cannot flee to their private islands in the pacific will have a problem, namely, how to avoid being hanged from lampposts.  to overcome this problem they may provoke a global war (likely going nuclear quickly) to distract attention from their obvious guilt — unless they can be stopped first.
see also alastair crooke: a long, hot, angry summer

brandon smith: we will not comply: a campaign against medical tyranny

the primary strategy of the covid cult has been to work with larger corporations to demand proof of vaccination (vaccine passports). we must let these companies know in no uncertain terms that we will cut off all consumer support for their businesses. we will not work for them and we will not give them a penny of our money. instead, we will approach smaller local businesses, find out if they are a part of the 'we will not comply' campaign, and if they are, then we will support them instead. it's time to teach these corporations a lesson and put them out of commission by removing our money and our labor from their pockets. ...
eventually, the biden administration is going to attempt federal level lockdowns and vaccine controls. it's only a matter of time. this is where organization is vital. counties and states with majority conservatives and liberty advocates must band together and once again say "we will not comply". if your state government is on board and defying biden then that will be extra helpful, but do not make the mistake of assuming that state governments alone will protect you. you must be organized at a local level, with your community and local businesses ready to make a stand. this must start now, before it is too late. ...

finally, if the covid cult decides to pursue direct force as an option, we must be ready to fight back. without local organization at minimum, defending ourselves will be difficult or impossible. this means bringing back an old standby of the founding fathers: the militia.

dr. doug corrigan: is a coronavirus vaccine a ticking time bomb?
in some viruses, if a person harbors a non-neutralizing [that is not completely effective] antibody to the virus, a subsequent infection by the virus can cause that person to elicit a more severe reaction to the virus due to the presence of the non-neutralizing antibody. ... this is called antibody dependent enhancement (ade), and is a common problem with ... coronaviruses. ... if ade occurs in an individual, their response to the virus can be worse than their response if they had never developed an antibody in the first place.

that response can include a cytokine storm which can result in death.
in may 2021, 15 months after the lie of "15 days to flatten the curve", the covid-19 psyop unravels
f. william engdahl: alarming casualty rates for mrna vaccines warrant action







on may 8 the european medicines agency (ema) an agency of the european union (eu) in charge of the evaluation and supervision of medical products, using the data base eudravigilance which collects reports of suspected side effects of medicines including vaccines, published a report that barely warranted mention in major mainstream media. through may 8, 2021 they had recorded 10,570 deaths and 405,259 injuries following injections of four experimental covid-19 shots: [moderna, pfizer, astrazaneca and janssen]. ... [for] the pfizer "experimental" vaccine, most reported injuries included blood and lymphatic system disorders including deaths; cardiac disorders including deaths; musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders; respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders, and vascular disorders. for the moderna mrna vaccine, most serious injuries or causes of death included blood and lymphatic system disorders; cardiac disorders; musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders; disorders of the central nervous system. ... the ema also notes that it is believed that only a small percent of actual vaccine deaths or serious side effects, perhaps only 1% to 10%, are reported ...

so probably more than 105,000 people have died (up to may 8) following injection of these four "experimental" "vaccines".  with no doubt many more deaths and injuries to come.  when will the number be large enough to count as a global genocide?
giorgio agamben: biosecurity and politics
what is striking about the reactions to the exceptional [covid-19 'pandemic'] measures implemented in our country ... is the inability to observe them beyond the immediate context in which they seem to operate. rare are those who try instead, as a serious political analysis would require, to interpret them as symptoms and signs of a wider experiment, in which a new paradigm of government of men and things is at stake. ... at issue is nothing less than the creation of a sort of "health terror" as an instrument to govern what was defined as the worst case scenario. ... it is clear that ... what is at issue is the design of a paradigm of government whose effectiveness far exceeds that of all forms of government that have been known so far in the political history of the west.
jason watton: future imperfect
july 2021, the wef has scheduled a cyber pandemic simulation with political, business, and media leaders in the same vein as their event 201 virus pandemic simulation. this event is titled cyberpolygon ...
doug casey: what the international ruling class have planned for you
the people who attend davos are all welfare statists. they're not necessarily socialists, insofar as they don't want to see government nationalize industries. most understand how totally dysfunctional that is and that they don't really benefit from it. strict socialism, defined as state ownership of the means of production, is off the table. they prefer economic fascism, where a powerful state can funnel wealth to the corporations the elite own or control. they're happy to throw some table scraps to the unwashed masses, of course.
jeff thomas: central bankers reveal the next phase in their war on savers
[the big guns in this war will be] capital controls and migration controls. the capital controls will consist of restricting your money so that it can't leave your home jurisdiction, so that you can't have any meaningful control over what you do with it. and the migration controls will consist of a series of reasons why it's non-patriotic or even criminal to go beyond your home-country's borders. at first, this will mean that you can't move abroad, but eventually, it will eliminate most or all travel abroad. ... so, the obvious answer ... is to escape from that environment before it's fully instituted. expatriate your wealth, no matter how great or small, to a country where the government is not building pens for the sheeple.
richard k. moore: climate change demystified
[the] truth about climate change: nothing unnatural has happened. there is no indication, none at all, that co2 or anything else related to humans has had any effect on climate.
jeff thomas: "the fight started when he hit me back"
the tab from the military-industrial complex rises each year. this has been made possible through the creation of perpetual warfare. the more countries the us is at war with at any given time, the greater the sales to the us government by the complex. of course, in order for this to occur, political leaders must continue to start wars with regularity and keep them going as long as possible, even to the point of pointlessness ...
david stockman on how the deep state really works
these idiots in washington and all these think tanks that talk about regime change and bringing democracy to the world and so forth — never even think about the consequences — the message that these violent episodes send — and the unfortunate reaction that people take in order to defend themselves.  ... the problem is there’s lasting damage when you engage in all this regime change over so many years and episodes. they don’t trust you. trump has worked very hard, using an odd, idiosyncratic personal diplomacy to build up trust with kim. it seems to be working, but there are just so many forces at work behind the scenes that are aiming to undermine that trust-building so that nothing happens. they want to keep 29,000 troops in south korea, in harm’s way, as a tripwire, so that the north koreans obey us ... if you take away the korean threat, if you recognize the iranians aren’t a threat, if you see that russia is a tiny little country that’s not going to invade western europe ... [suddenly] somebody is going to do the math as we get into the coming fiscal crisis and say, “we can’t afford all this defense that we don’t need [anyway]. let’s cut it back dramatically.” they [the deep state] don’t want this to happen. and so, they have to keep these hot spots burning and these threats maintained or inflated, because they know if the real truth of the world were considered by congress, the defense budget would be slashed dramatically.

and then funding would be available for affordable housing, health care, fixing roads and bridges, agriculture, jobs, breaking up monopolies and so on.
jeff thomas: democracy is the ideal distraction
[in] a country where the illusion of democracy has become refined, the rulers come to understand that elections should not result in an overwhelming victory for one party or the other. quite the opposite. if it can be arranged effectively, the best election is one that results in a 51% to 49% split. this ensures that the 49% will not lose hope — that they'll be both frustrated and angry at their near-miss, and redouble their efforts in the next election in order to have a win. and the 51% will wipe their collective brow in relief at having won, but will fear losing their slim advantage next time around.

sound familiar?
julian assange, wikileaks and cablegate has been updated since his arrest.
clearly it is the intent of the hypocritical us and uk governments (with despicable australian government complicity) that julian assange will die in belmarsh prison for revealing to the world that the us government is guilty of war crimes. what we are witnessing is a gradual judicial murder.
brandon smith: the syrian debacle is actually well planned chaos
[syria is] the first domino in a chain of dominoes that could lead to a war involving international powers. i believe this war will develop on multiple fronts, most importantly on the economic front, but it could very well turn into a shooting war involving numerous actors. syria is so important, in fact, that the establishment has been careful to smother all discussion about what is really going on there in a fog of propaganda. ... both republicans and democrats as well as eastern and western governments are participating in the lies and misdirection.
whitney webb: more americans questioning official 9/11 story as new evidence contradicts official narrative
evidence continues to mount that the official narrative itself is the irrational narrative of september 11, and it becomes ever more clear that the media remains committed to preventing legitimate questions about that day from receiving the scrutiny they deserve.
dmitri orlov on the moon landings

what’s harder to do, land on the moon six times with zero casualties, or fake the whole thing and keep it quiet? the latter is just an exercise in public relations, and pr ain’t rocket science.

steps in faking the moon landings were the following:

bribe or browbeat the soviet leadership ... to go along with the fake and to keep it quiet.
simulate launches of saturn v rockets ...
simulate radio communications between flight control center and the flight crew using radio relays.
falsify lunar rocks supposedly retrieved from the moon.
simulate videos and photos supposedly made while on the moon with the help of stanley kubrick.
destroy a great deal of evidence in order to make the fake harder to prove.
stonewall all those who kept asking obvious questions for five decades running.


the difference between sex and gender
what sex are you?  oops! politically incorrect! i should have said, what gender are you?  so sorry! /s
extracts from kunstler’s "nemesis rising!" concerning pedophile jeffrey epstein
and now there is the epstein matter, which threatens not only former president bill clinton, but a cosmos of political, financial, and entertainment “stars” in countless ugly incidents that involve a kind of personal corruption that has no political context but says an awful lot about the obliteration of moral and ethical boundaries by the people who ended up running things in this fretful moment of us history.
carlo m. cipolla: the basic laws of human stupidity  (a synopsis by corinne purtill is here.)
only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and i’m not sure about the universe. — albert einstein
paul craig roberts: the assange/manning cases discredit humanity
the corrupt western media is against assange because he shows them up as devoid of an ounce of integrity and devoid of the practice of journalism. ... washington, which claims to represent the american people, is for war and more war. bolton intends that the us will, for israel, attack iran and create chaos there as was created in iraq and libya, and also in syria prior to the russian intervention. under neoconserative and israeli leadership, america has become a deranged country, distrusted by other governments and considered the primary threat to peace and life on earth.
caitlin johnstone debunks all the assange smears
corrupt and unaccountable power uses its political and media influence to smear assange because, as far as the interests of corrupt and unaccountable power are concerned, killing his reputation is as good as killing him. ... those of us who value truth and light need to fight this smear campaign in order to keep our fellow man from signing off on a major leap in the direction of orwellian dystopia, and a big part of that means being able to argue against those smears and disinformation wherever they appear.
julian assange arrested

john pilger: assange arrest a warning from history
chris hedges: the martyrdom of julian assange 

daniel ellsberg’s the doomsday machine: a prescient warning of the danger of nuclear war
chapter by chapter, ellsberg describes us plans for nuclear attack that can be triggered by accident, or by intention, very easily, leading to a nuclear holocaust which would wipe out all life on the planet. ... ellsberg warns that the threat of nuclear destruction has only increased since the end of the cold war, precisely because the public sense of the dangers has steadily eroded, in addition to the american government’s quest for world hegemony ... [as] ellsberg’s book so eloquently explains, we are dealing not with individuals who may or may not be mad, but a system which is mad ... ellsberg ...  sees the threat of omnicide, the destruction of the species, as something inherent in the human condition itself ...
the saker: the great fraud of national zionism
 national zionism is a gigantic fraud. it is also the rising political ideology of the west, and that presents a major risk for our entire planet. ... once the people of a country lose control of their government and the sovereignty of their country is gone, then [and only then] the zionists will feel they are safe. this theory is (1) racist (2) paranoid (3) sociopathic and, frankly, just plain silly. but this is what the talmudic worldview produces in a secularized society. a critical assumption of this worldview is that any form of nationalism or even patriotism is dangerous (by definition) unless it is jewish or israeli, at which point it is laudable and benevolent (again, by definition). thus, besides being many other things, zionism is also a theory of power based on a zero-sum game. of course “zero-sum” might sound benign until you remember that it implies a total struggle to the end, a total, absolute defeat of the other, a destruction of all your enemies [or potential enemies]. not something helpful in a multi-polar world with lots of nuclear weapons.
the bankers' stealth coup — and an appeal from william engdahl
conversation with christopher bache (pdf file)

i ask:
how many of our children and grandchildren are going to have to die
before we will be willing to make the changes that we are not willing to
make today? my visionary experience is that it is going to get very bad,
but that through this crisis we will give birth to a radically transformed
human being: a human being healed of the scars of war and the terrible
things we’ve done to each other through the centuries; a more conscious
human being capable of deeper relationships and deeper communion
with the creative intelligence of the universe; a more spiritually realized
human being.
the globalist agenda explained
their goal and end-game of course goes way beyond the destruction of european nations and cultures. it is global. they are busy imposing on the entire world a one world government, with a one world bank (an international privately run one just like the us fed), and a one world currency, with a of course a one-world un military force to enforce trading in that currency in the same way that the us military enforces trading in the us petrodollar. this is not theory but fact to any disinterested observer of the globalist movement and its sources.
gene editing golems and mad science — the latest addition to f. william engdahl's newsletters — including:


us gov backs dangerous new genetic manipulation approach
is gene editing the new name for eugenics?
son of frankenstein? uk body backs human embryo gene editing
gmo lobby plots to corrupt eu court ruling on gene editing
china’s golem babies: there is another agenda

paul craig robertson: revenge is mine saith washington
what has assange done? he has done nothing but to tell the truth. he is a journalist who heads wikileaks, a news organization that publishes leaked documents — exactly as the new york times published the leaked pentagon papers from daniel ellsberg. just as the publication of the pentagon papers embarrassed the us government and helped to bring about the end of the senseless vietnam war, the documents leaked to wikileaks embarrassed the us government by revealing washington’s war crimes, lies, and deception of the american people and us allies. the allies, of course, were bought off by washington and remained silent, but washington intends to crucify assange for the embarrassment and payoff expense he caused the criminal government in washington. in order to assert authority over assange, washington is using the extra-territoriality of us law, a claim that washington bases not on law but on might alone and uses to violate the sovereignty of independent countries. assange is a citizen of australia and ecuador. he is not subject to us law. even if he were, he has committed no espionage.
chris hedges: crucifying julian assange
we learned from the emails published by wikileaks that the clinton foundation received millions of dollars from saudi arabia and qatar, two of the major funders of islamic state. as secretary of state, hillary clinton paid her donors back by approving $80 billion in weapons sales to saudi arabia, enabling the kingdom to carry out a devastating war in yemen that has  ... left close to 60,000 dead. we learned clinton was paid $675,000 for speaking at goldman sachs, a sum so massive it can only be described as a bribe.  ... we learned, because 1,700 of the 33,000 emails came from hillary clinton, she was the primary architect of the war in libya. we learned she believed that the overthrow of moammar gadhafi would burnish her credentials as a presidential candidate. the war she sought has left libya in chaos, seen the rise to power of radical jihadists in what is now a failed state, triggered a massive exodus of migrants to europe  ...and resulted in 40,000 dead. should this information have remained hidden from the american public? ... “they are setting my son up to give them an excuse to hand him over to the u.s., where he would face a show trial,” [his mother] christine assange warned.  ... “julian could very well be held in guantanamo bay and tortured, sentenced to 45 years in a maximum-security prison, or face the death penalty. my son is in critical danger because of a brutal, political persecution by the bullies in power whose crimes and corruption he had courageously exposed when he was editor in chief of wikileaks.”
a “holy war” against china — the latest addition to f. william engdahl's newsletters
the goal of the various islamist jihad groups the cia covertly backed, beginning the time of the afghan mujahideen in the 1980s, was to spread a cancer of radical islamic terror and fanaticism to displace the tradition of moderate, peaceful islam across central asia and into xinjiang ... [c]ertain powerful interest groups in the west — banking, industrial, military, and political — came to view beijing ... as the new emerging great enemy. ... a central part of their strategy to derail china and its growing eurasian presence would be the increased deployment of islamic fundamentalism of the gülen, al qaeda, and muslim brotherhood kind against china, russia, and all eurasia ...


europeanunity565: what is cultural marxism?
caitlin johnstone: society is made of narrative. realizing this is awakening from the matrix.
out of the white noise of a failing propaganda machine [the matrix], a new world is being born, one that respects the autonomy of the individual and their right to self-determination. one that respects our right to collaborate on large scales to create beautiful, healthy, helpful systems without the constant sabotage and disruption of a few power-hungry psychopaths who would rather rule than live.
a bankers’ coup d’état creates a federal reserve — the latest addition to f. william engdahl's newsletters
in 1908, a year after the creation of aldrich's national monetary commission, the most powerful bankers in america met in highest secrecy to draw up plans for the greatest
financial and political coup d’état in the history of the united states. the plan was to rob
from the us congress its constitutionally mandated powers to create and control money.
the coup was to usurp those constitutional powers in order to serve private special
interests, even at the expense of the general welfare of the population of the united states.  ... the federal reserve proposed by glass would control the nation’s money and credit, in direct contravention of article one of the united states constitution which vested such control explicitly in the us congress ...

the federal reserve (which is the source of inflation) was created in defiance of the us constitution (the supreme law of the land) and thus is illegal.  it is an ongoing criminal enterprise, and thus its agents can be and should be arrested and prosecuted under the rico act. 



this page continues at: recently added articles
and then continues further at: articles added 2007-2017
and finally continues at: articles added 2006 and earlier

this website has over 1000 pages.  to see the titles of many of them visit the title index.
click to return to the top. 
        






       









indian travel diary










peru travel diary



















the bill of rights










declaration of human rights










an ecology of souls










ganesh baba — a memoir










the moon landings hoax










global warming scare










climate change & mind control










climate variation & its cosmic origins










psychopaths among us










the gods of eden










nick sand — alchemist of lsd










on god










340 dmt trip reports










common errors in english usage










nuremberg code










psychedelics










smartphones suck!










the nature of the dmt entities










prohibition: the 'war on drugs'










the murder of princess diana










the world trade center demolition










reply to popular mechanics re 9/11










debunking conspiracy theories










censorship in the united states



















feedback and comments










copyright & contact



















click here to see a list of all pages. 














