








explore rewarding careers and jobs in food at schwan’s company













































































skip to main content










menu




careers home
about us
career areas
internships













one table, one team where every seat matters.




search jobs

search jobs

keywords



location




radius

radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles




search




careers at schwan’s company


our brands













































































learn more




success tastes pretty good
when shared with friends.











our food brings people and cultures together
behind products like red baron and bibigo, is a culture driven by a team grounded in integrity, passion, creativity, and respect.




talent
exceptional talent
strong & adaptive culture


onlyone
first
best
different


shared growth
building ecosystems
shared value









manufacturing & logistics
from egg rolls to pie to pizza, our manufacturing facilities offer incredible growth opportunities at more than a dozen facilities across the u.s. work with cutting edge technology as you help feed america. did we mention we operate the world’s largest pizza plant?
learn more about manufacturing & logistics







retail sales & distribution
people love our brands, and you’ll love being a part of the team that shares them with our partners. support our nation’s more than 60,000 grocery stores by representing schwan’s full portfolio of products.
learn more about retail sales







food service sales
our food service professionals provide the products and expertise the industry relies on to delight their customers and meet their individualized needs. you’ll play a vital role in bringing our delicious and nutritious meals to schools, hospitals, and retail partners.
learn more about food service sales







corporate
be a part of the world-class team that sets the table for success and drives our global business with marketing, research and development, operations, finance, information services, human resources, legal, and communications expertise. and who doesn’t enjoy endless tastings during the workday?
learn more about corporate




life at schwan’s









our milestones showcase our dedication, innovation, and growth over the years. be part of our exciting evolution and help us shape the future. join us at schwan's and make a difference!









at schwan’s, we’re proud to champion inclusion and teamwork through our partnership with the special olympics. join us in celebrating the power of community and the incredible athletes who inspire us all. watch this video to see how we’re making a difference together.





jobs for you

featured jobs
recently viewed jobs
saved jobs






view all of our available opportunities







you have not viewed any jobs.
view open positions








you currently have no saved jobs to view.
please browse our open positions and save your favorites. you will be able to view them here when you revisit this page.
view open positions







find out more about who we are







timeline video
at schwan's, we believe in creating a workplace that's as enjoyable as our food. recently, our hr team was surprised with bibigo steamed dumplings, bringing smiles and deliciousness to the office. it's these tasty perks and fun moments that make working here so special. join our team and experience the joy of being part of a company that values great food and a great work environment!










schwan's people magazine
dive into the latest edition of schwan's people magazine and discover the stories of our incredible team members. from heartwarming employee highlights to exciting company updates, see how our people make schwan's a fantastic place to work. explore the spring 2024 issue and get inspired by the passion and dedication that drives our success.










we're schwan's employees
what makes schwans so special? let our employees tell you themselves in their own words!









follow us on instagram











sign up for job alerts
don’t see what you’re looking for? sign up and we’ll notify you when roles become available.

email addressinterested incategorylocationaddremove 
confirm email




by submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy (opens in new window) and consent to receive email communication from schwan’s.

register










home
brands & business
about us
social responsibility
schwan's chef collective



careers
returning users
media


follow us on social media

linkedin
facebook
x
youtube
instagram




privacy
cookie notice
terms of use
california transparency in supply chains act
site map
equal employment opportunity information



contact us
8500 normandale lake blvd
suite 2000
bloomington, mn 55437


115 west college drive
marshall, mn 56258


career.search@schwans.com


©2025 schwan’s shared services, llc. | all rights reserved.
the employing subsidiaries of schwan’s company are equal employment opportunity employers. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, age, race, color, religion, gender, vet status, national origin or other protected class. if you require accommodation or have issues logging in, or completing an application, please contact career.search@schwans.com.













