





 


little dippers - teaching babies to love the water in brighton, london and surrey



































little dippers




how it works
benefits of baby swimming
our pools
our teachers
photography
book now































































































































































































































homepage - little dippers 
teaching your baby to love the water
 





news and special offers!celebrating over 30 years of baby swimmingwinner best baby swim school 2024
luxlife winner of the 2024 parent & baby awards.  
so happy to have been awarded the best baby swim school in the south east for the 3rd year in a row!
 
wishing you all a very happy new year!
new term starts from: mon 6 jan 2025 
 courses available to book here now! 
(don't worry if you are unable to make it to a class we offer free catch up classes every term)
*following term starts mon 24 feb 25 
call us on t: 01273 229390 to book a free trial
free make up sessions if you have to miss a class.

*new pool in chertsey kt16 8fh
courses available to book now. call us to book a free trial.*new sunday classes starting in putney in feb

*parental trial sessions:
parental trial sessions :  we know the first time in the pool with your baby is a very special time so we are now offering parental trial sessions. these are dedicated trial sessions for parents/carers who would both like to enjoy the experience of their baby's first time in the water.  there will be a maximum of 2 or 3 couples per session depending on the pool location at a price of  £15 per couple in brighton; £20 per couple in putney and oxshott. 
call us on t: 01273 229390 to book in.
*free taster sessions in all our pools:
these are where 1 parent and baby joins in a foundation class which is already underway and gets a taste of what we do in our foundation classes. 
all classes take place in private warm water pools.

15% twins discount off all courses please call the office when booking.

10% discount to groups of 5 or more who book into the same foundation class together.
recommend a friend and get 10% off your next course to join a little dippers course.    
drop-in sessions available when you book a course at our brighton pool.
*gift vouchers available to purchase for each pool:
gift vouchers can be purchased by clicking on the book now tab and choose 
which pool you would like to purchase a voucher for.

pregnancy aqua natal yoga classes brighton
our loving your bump aqua natal yoga courses have been devised in association with the birthlight organisation and focus on stretching, deep breathing and relaxation.aqua natal yoga.
they are a great way of keeping active during pregnancy combining the benefits of the support of water with classic yoga moves that have been adapted specifically for pregnant women in water.

loving your bump relaxation drop in sessions
we are running some of our pregnancy loving your bump relaxation drop in sessions where you can take the weight off your feet and have a wonderful candlelit float in our lovely private warm water pool. these will be running on a tue evening at 1700 and 1730.

aqua therapy sessions, brighton:   
timetable jan/feb 2025
mon 1400 - 1630
tue  1345 - 1515
thur 1400 - 1430
early morning and evenings sessions also possible.
for more information and to book a session please email: info@littledippers.co.uk
 drop in sessions for anyone wishing to access a warm water pool to help ease mobility issues and post operative or injury recovery.  our private warm water pool offers a tranquil environment to utilise the benefits of the warm water and non impact movement to help with the relief of joint pain, connective tissue diseases, stroke recovery, fibromyalgia post operative recovery, injuries and many other pain and mobility issues. 
the sessions are 45 min drop in sessions with a maximum of 5 in the pool at a cost of £15 a session to be paid in advance.  private sessions £30 
please note these are open sessions and are not teacher led, although there will be a trained poolsider on-hand to assist.
pabafit coming soon!
pabafit (parent & baby aqua fitness) classes designed to help new parents get back to fitness while being able to have their babies with them too. the half hour sessions utilise the resistance of the warm water to enable gentle stretching, controlled breathing, cardio and low impact exercises 
it’s great fun and baby gets to join in too! 














baby swimming water safety courses in brighton putney, oxshott & chertsey
our goal is to teach your baby invaluable safety techniques and the many benefits and pleasures of an early experience of water. we have been running classes since 1993 and have taught over 30,000 babies water safety techniques using our unique course. 
 as well as a great way to introduce your baby to the water, our innovative safety programme is fun and exciting. with the wealth of experience little dippers and its teachers have, you can rest assured your baby is in safe hands.
free trial available. call us on t:01273 229 390 to book.  
 2 free make ups offered every term should you miss a class.
free half hour drop in sessions at the little dippers' centre, our purpose built baby swim centre in the north laines brighton. 













pregnancy aquanatal yoga classes, brighton 
our loving your bump pregnancy aqua natal yoga classes have been devised in association with birthlight aqua natal yoga with exercises specifically designed for pregnant women in the water.    

                     
                    

find out more









how it works
from an introduction to water in a warm and playful environment, as the course progresses your baby is taught valuable swimming skills and techniques.
                    
                     
                    

find out more









safety and benefits
one of our main goals is to teach your baby valuable safety techniques in the water. additionally, there are many health and social advantages to swimming at an early age.   
                    
                     
                    

find out more









our pools
we have warm water pools in east sussex: brighton bn1; london: putney sw18 and surrey: oxshott kt22; chertsey kt16
                    
                     
                    

find a location









photography
seeing your baby swimming underwater is a fantastic experience. with little dippers you have the opportunity to capture it in a photograph and treasure it forever.
                     

find out more







sign up to little dippers today


























>
					










or call: 01273 229 390




about
contact

facebook


the loft


instagram







© little dippers | 2025 all rights reserved - web design:  code 7
terms & conditions
make up policy
terms of use / privacy
cookies
accessibility














