





american markets – wood working co. – woodworking company





















































		skip to content













					american markets - wood working co.
				

 





home
about
services
blog
 

contact uscontact us 







 










					american markets - wood working co.
				

 







main menu

 









home
about
services
blog
 



















  







american markets - wood working co. 




we turn your woodworking dreams into reality! 



 american markets is a woodworking company that has been in business for over 25 years. we specialize in the manufacture of high quality, custom made wood products. we are located in the heart of the american woodworking industry, in the state of wisconsin. let’s build something together. 



 



 
(419) 885-3200

















 



let's build something
beautiful together. 







 


 




						wood working					


						custom and individual wood working.					









 




						screens					


						beautiful screens for your rooms or your garden.					









 




						tree care					


						tree removal or maintenance.					













 




						furniture					


						top of the line furniture with our own touch.					









 




						cabinets					


						individualizes cabinets for more room.					









 




						landscaping					


						landscaping design with custom wooden touches.					














why choose us 



american markets is a wood working company that is also specialized in gardening.
we have been in business for over 10 years and have built a reputation for quality products and excellent customer service.
we are a family–owned and operated business, and we take pride in everything we do. we offer a wide variety of woodworking and gardening products, such as luxury screens, furniture or fences and we are always happy to custom–build something custom to meet your specific needs.
we also offer a wide range of services, including delivery and installation. we are dedicated to providing the best possible experience for our customers, and we would love to help you with your next project.
thank you for considering american markets! 



 














 




						expertise					


						10+ years of experience.					













 




						support					


						eager to work with you.					













 




						eco					


						eco-friendly wood.					













 




						creative					


						adding our own touch.					















 








 











 



+

happy clients















tons of wood used













+

trees removed


















what our clients say 















 



 
the american tree removal company is the best in the business. they are professional and efficient, and they get the job done quickly and safely. i have used their services multiple times, and they have always exceeded my expectations. i would highly recommend them to anyone in need of tree removal services.



sandra marcus
home designer












 





as a homeowner, i was looking for a way to increase my home's curb appeal. i had seen wooden screens being used in other homes and businesses and i loved the way they looked. i decided to research wooden screens and i found that american markets had the best selection. i was able to find the perfect screen for my home and i am so happy with the results. the screen has increased my home's curb appeal and i would highly recommend american markets to anyone looking for a quality wooden screen.



tim gerber
gardener






















interested in some custom wood working?simply get in touch with us by submitting the contact form on the page below.contact us here 













 



about us 







about us. 



want to learn more about us? click here. 






about us







 






why should i choose a.m.?

woodworking is an incredibly rewarding hobby that can be enjoyed by people of all ages and skill levels.whether you‘re just starting out or you‘re a seasoned pro, american markets woodworking has the supplies and expertise you need to bring your projects to life. we offer a wide range of high–quality woodworking products, including tools, lumber, and finishing supplies, so you can find everything you need in one convenient place. our experienced staff is always on hand to answer your questions and help you find the right products for your project. we‘re passionate about woodworking, and we‘re dedicated to providing our customers with the best possible products and service. when you choose american markets woodworking, you‘re choosing a company that you can trust.














news from our blog. 











our latest batch of articles and guides. 










 



7 practical reason to install garden screens


							a garden is a place where we can relax, play with our kids, and enjoy quality time with family and friends. but in order to create a garden that is both beautiful and functional, we need to use garden  ...						



read more 








 



oil finishes


							the oil finish is one of the most traditional approaches to completing your project. while it does not provide as much protection as more modern finishes such as varnishing, oil finishes bring out the  ...						



read more 












entertainment center stand: wood or plastic?


							when it comes to choosing a material for your entertainment center stand, you have two main options: plastic or wood. both have their pros and cons, so it’s important to consider your needs  ...						



read more 








 



why you should use a wooden bread box.


							there are many reasons to use a wooden bread box. they are beautiful, classic, and add a touch of warmth to your kitchen. but beyond their aesthetic appeal, wooden bread boxes are also highly  ...						



read more 








 



wooden quilt hangers – so many uses!


							when it comes to displaying quilts, there are a lot of different options out there. but if you’re looking for a classic, elegant way to show off your quilt, a wooden quilt hanger is the way to  ...						



read more 








 



baby changing tables – why wood is the best choice.


							baby changing tables are a wonderful – yet expensive – addition to any nursery. yet, when it comes to baby changing tables, there are a lot of options on the market. you can find them made  ...						



read more 








 



how to build a router table.


							a router table is a woodworking tool that helps to create decorative edges, molding, and joinery on wood. it consists of a table with a router mounted on it, and the router is used toroute (or cut)  ...						



read more 








 



how to build an artist’s easel?


							an artist‘s easel is a must–have for any painter or sculptor who wants to create artworks that are worthy of display. but easels can be expensive, and they‘re not always easy to  ...						



read more 








 



types of woods


							there are many different types of hardwoods, each with their own unique characteristics. to choose the right type of hardwood for your project, it’s important to understand the different  ...						



read more 

















 







contact info am wood – wood working
1625 monroe st, wisconsin.
(419) 885-3200
admin@am-wood.com

 



servicehome
about
services
blog
 



get in touch click here to get in touch with us.

 



 









copyright © 2025 american markets - wood working co.
 









































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok

 


