




regional acceptance corporation






























































skip to main content








regional acceptance corporation, an affiliate of truist




log in

















customers







dealers







about us




contact us




careers




important addresses













regional acceptance corporation, an affiliate of truist










payment options



manage my account



credit education



dealer services










log in














































putting you in the driver's seat


						the regional acceptance rac auto ® app makes managing your account easier than ever with multiple payment options and access to account details.



							download on the app store
							
						

							get it on google play
							
						




























welcome to regional acceptance
regional acceptance is a national auto finance company with over 40 years of lending experience and a reputation for unparalleled customer service. as an affiliate of truist, we're backed by one of the nation’s largest—and most successful—financial holding companies.
 
































                    payment options
                






you have choices. pay with our auto app, payment portal, phone, mail or western union/moneygram.
promise to pay. we can offer some flexibility so you can avoid late payments.










view payment options
                 for your account
























                    manage my account
                






go paperless. it's good for you, it's great for the environment.
say goodbye to late payments. set up automatic payments.
update your contact information. change your address, phone number or email.










learn more
                about managing your account
























                    let us help
                





get answers to frequently asked questions about general topics.

payoff amounts
auto pay enrollment
account password resetting
title payoffs
insurance requirements










view payments faq
                 for more information






view accounts faq
                 for more information





























































pay by phone with our 24/7 automated assistance




877-722-7299
                
                
            







































credit education
 





























truist financial foundations program


						in partnership with everfi, we provide free interactive courses for you to learn pertinent information to help you make informed financial decisions.



							learn about financial foundations
							
						
















understanding your credit score


						borrowing can either build or damage your credit score. having a solid understanding what a credit score is and how it effects your ability to borrow now—and in the future—is essential to your financial health.



							read about credit score
							 to see how it affects your credit
























see more articles
                about credit education






































our partners: truist dealer financial services




























                    truist dealer finance
                





experienced lenders dedicated to specific markets to provide you with a superior level of client service.









learn more
                about truist dealer financial services

























                    portfolio acquisition group
                





purchasing auto portfolio with responsive, expert service and backed by the strength and stability of truist.









learn more
                about truist portfolio acquisition group



















































































        component id : "accordiongridlayout-232230449"
        model : "disclaimer"
        position : "left"









disclosures





































apple and the apple logo are trademarks of apple inc., registered in the us and other countries. app store is a service mark of apple inc.
google play and the google play logo are trademarks of google inc.
loans are subject to credit approval.
nmls consumer access id# 1104859
south carolina license no. sl–1104859 & slw1–1104859 (pdf)
illinois consumer installment license certificate nos. – ci.0004045-h; ci.0004742; ci.0004743 (pdf)
south carolina consumer loans pamphlet (pdf)
michigan regulatory loan license #rl-0020850, effective april 7, 2017.
regional acceptance corporation is regulated by the michigan department of insurance and financial services.
regional acceptance corporation is an affiliate of truist bank, member fdic.
regional acceptance corporation is licensed by the virginia state corporation commission. cfi-232

























































site footer
















footer navigation




										 
    
    	navigation menu text
    

						  			











			 
    
    	about us
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	contact us
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	careers
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	news
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	legal
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	terms and conditions
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	privacy policy
    
	   
		











	     © 2025, 
	      
    
    	regional acceptance corporation
    

	
































