





florida seafood festival – apalachicola florida – florida's oldest maritime event!


 








































 join us for the 61st annual florida seafood festival on november 1 & 2, 2024


florida seafood festival - apalachicola floridaflorida's oldest maritime event!home
commodores

2024 commodores
become a commodore


events

schedule of events
red fish run 5k
parade
blue crab races
entertainment
oyster eating contest
oyster shucking contest


royalty

miss florida seafood
king retsyo


accommodations

on-site camping
other places to stay


about

the area
the festival
board of directors
history
scholarship
merchandise
media
past festival logos


applications


















61st annual florida seafood festival
november 1 & 2, 2024
the florida seafood festival is a two day event annually drawing tens of thousands of visitors to the historic town of apalachicola in scenic franklin county. the festival is held at the mouth of the apalachicola river under the shady oaks of apalachicola’s battery park.
the festival features delicious seafood, arts and crafts exhibits, seafood related events, musical entertainment. some of the notable events include oyster eating and oyster shucking contest, blue crab races, photo contest, parade, 5k redfish run, the blessing of the fleet, history of the festival exhibit and tonging for treasure.
as most of you prepare to enjoy the festivities at the 60th annual florida seafood festival, we kindly remind you that no pets are allowed in the festival with the exception of service animals. the board of directors is respectfully asking all patrons who have a service dog to please have “service” identification such as a leash or a harness. this is not a requirement but a request to avoid multiple directors stopping you and inquiring about your four-legged companion. we at the florida seafood festival board want to make all of our patron’s time to be enjoyable and as much as we love our pets there are some patrons that are not “pet-people”. *if you are camping and your pet travels with you, please be mindful of the no-pet rule and walk your pet in your designated camping area only and only to use the bathroom. thank you for your cooperation in this manner.

commodores
the florida seafood festival would like to thank all of our commodores!

water street seafood
cates electric
century 21 collins realty
weems memorial hospital
waste one
air con of wakulla
buccaneer inn
collins vacation rentals
tobacco free florida
fisherman’s choice
collins construction
apalach ace hardware
apalachicola bee company
donna duncan p.a.
acentria insurance
centennial bank
ganders distributors
island easy go golf carts
st. george island realty – michael billings
the peo law firm, llc
roberson & associates, pa
arabella health and wellness of carrabelle
quest car rental
apalach ghost tours
mb engineering services llc
standing seam roof
the love center church, inc.
10-4 bbq
riverwood suites
penny solomon cleaning service
manausa, shaw & minacci pa
robinson real estate company
the naumann group
despina george
riversedge gallery
water street hotel & marina
coombs inn and suites
the flower shop


  festival countdown



like us on facebook


florida seafood festival

florida seafood
  

the florida seafood festival serves fresh florida seafood!


much thanks to the franklin county tourist development council, florida department of agriculture and the florida restaurant & lodging association for their sponsorship of this annual event highlighting florida seafood.


location

the florida seafood festival is held annually
at battery park in downtown apalachicola.
click here to see all accommodations in the area.
click here to see more information about the festival.


contact
email:
info@floridaseafoodfestival.com
phone:
850-653-4720
mailing:
florida seafood festival
p.o. box 758
apalachicola, florida 32328
social:
like us on facebook
follow us on twitter


 copyright © 2023 • florida seafood festival, inc. • website by 2k web group • email log in







