














college in kansas | college degree programs in ks | washburn university

























skip to content (press enter)










what is an ichabod?
bookstore
campus map
admission requirements
application information
transcripts
financial aid
a-z index
tuition refunds
degrees list a-z
my washburn
move in information
when do classes start?
tilford conference












alumni & giving
español













toggle navigation







close menu





about us


facts & history


mission, vision & core values


president & leadership


for the community


faculty & staff


institutional research




map & directions


virtual tour


calendar


public relations


commitment to inclusion
















 strategic framework 




academics


areas of study


class schedule


library


office of academic affairs


academic catalog




 


 




 student success 






admissions


freshmen


transfer


military connected


international


graduate




promise scholarship


shawnee county scholarship


high school concurrent enrollment


financial aid


contact admissions


request info




 new student orientation 


 visit washburn 


 virtual tour 




student life


student involvement & development


residential living


recreation & wellness


student health


office of student life


accessibility services






belonging at wu


campus safety


career engagement


counseling services


student resources


memorial union




 military connected 


 apply for housing 






athletics


men's sports


baseball


basketball (m)


basketball (mjv)


cross country (m)


football


tennis (m)


golf


track & field (m)




women's sports


basketball (w)


basketball (wjv)


cross country (w)


soccer


softball


tennis (w)


track & field (w)


volleyball




 tickets 


 camps 




















areas of study


schedule a visit


virtual tour


request info


apply now














 
alumni greg and ronda brenneman make historic $50 million gift to washburn university




 
washburn celebrates 160 years!




 
priority scholarship deadline is march 1. learn about scholarships.





this is
washburn




become your best self



become your best self
 













find your  major
find your major

explore your options. discover your future.
areas of study  








washburn
by the numbers
washburnby the numbers












founded in
1865



over 200
academic programs



$53 million
in financial aid



over 100
on-campus clubs & organizations



just under
7,000
students








close shutter








founded in 1865
washburn university has a rich history dating back more than 150 years. our university was founded in 1865 by members of the congregational church on the principle that all people – regardless of race, ethnicity, gender or family income – have the right to earn an education.
originally named lincoln college after the recently assassinated president, the board voted to re-name the college after ichabod washburn, a deacon in the congregational church from massachusetts, pledged $25 thousand to keep the struggling school alive.
on february 6, 1941, the citizens of topeka voted to take on the school and operate it as a public institution and washburn became a municipal university – a public institution with its primary support coming from local government.
today, people often mistake us for a private university, perhaps because of our academic quality, small class sizes and beautifully maintained campus.  however, washburn university is a publicly funded, independently governed university.
washburn’s motto, “non nobis solum,” speaks directly to the university’s founding principles. it means “not for ourselves alone.” charlotte leavitt, professor of english, suggested the motto in the early 1900’s.
explore history
                                         









over 200 academic programs
whether you want to be an actuary, an athletic trainer or a book editor, a teacher, research scientist or performance musician, washburn university can get you there. at washburn you can choose from 140 different bachelor’s degree, associate degree and certificate offerings.
on campus you’ll find the college of arts and sciences and the schools of applied studies, business and nursing all offering undergraduate degrees. and if you aren’t sure which program is right for you, our faculty, advisers and counselors can help you find your way.
our faculty is focused first on teaching. while all faculty members are expected to stay current in their fields and encouraged to pursue research interests, you as a student are the top priority. classes are small, averaging about 15 students per faculty member, so you’ll get one-on-one attention.
ready to explore?  check out the “areas of study” page under academics.
explore programs
                                         









$53+ million in financial aid
washburn university students have many financial aid options available to help with the cost of education, including work-study, student loans, grants and scholarships.  funding sources include the federal government, the state of kansas, washburn university and the washburn university foundation.
the washburn university financial aid office can assist you with the process of applying for and receiving financial aid, providing quality service and personal guidance to all students.  also, be sure to check your particular area of study. many academic departments also have departmental scholarships.
explore scholarships
                                         









over 125 on-campus clubs & organizations
a college education does not begin or end at the classroom door, our opportunities to learn occur in all aspects of the washburn experience.  with more than 125 student organizations at washburn, students and members of the university community enjoy tremendous opportunities to build friendships and rewarding experiences. 
the university also competes in 16 men’s and women’s sports in ncaa division ii.  we compete as members of the mid-america intercollegiate athletics association (miaa), the most competitive conferences in all of division ii.
explore student involvement
                                         









just under 7,000 students
washburn is home to 6,700 students at its traditional 160 acre campus at 17th street and college ave and the washburn tech campus on huntoon.  the traditional campus is also home to the university’s highly-respected school of law.  while many of our students come from kansas, we host students from across the united states as well as more than 300 students from 41 countries.
explore international programs
                                         














about washburn
competitive tuition







washburn university is a public institution with just under 7,000 students and 1,000 faculty and staff involved in more than 200 academic programs. at $351 per credit hour, you'll find that our tuition is extremely competitive with other four-year institutions in kansas.

read more about tuition  




vibrant campus
vibrant campus







there is so much to do on the washburn university campus and the more involved you are, the better your experience as an ichabod will be.
more than resume building, our 150+ student organizations will introduce you to great people with interests similar to yours. they’ll let you use your talents and build new skills. they can even help you network for your future.


read more about campus life  




what is an ichabod?
mr. ichabod







enthusiastic. courteous. sincere in the search for truth and knowledge. studious and serious, but a friend to all. that is the spirit of ichabod washburn, and the spirit that lives on here at washburn university as embodied in our beloved mascot – mr. ichabod.

read more about mr. ichabod  








 





connect with washburn












view washburn calendar 
view washburn calendar








campus events







view all events  







 







view 
                                current news
                            




view current news








washburn university spring career fair is feb. 19


monday, feb 17






washburn university theatre will present “too much light makes the baby go blind” – 30 plays in 60 minutes


thursday, feb 13






washburn school of business students collaborated across continents to prepare business proposals with peers from 170 other universities


tuesday, feb 11






washburn university to celebrate black history month with a banquet feb. 13


friday, feb 7






alumni greg and ronda brenneman make historic $50 million gift


thursday, feb 6






washburn university music & theatre department to host washburn piano day march 1 for k-12 piano students; registration is open now thru feb. 23


wednesday, feb 5






washburn university invites the public to participate in the psychological services clinic spring group therapy opportunities and the master of arts in clinical psychology free day of exploration feb. 21


monday, feb 3






dr. liz bucar will “explore the ethical implications of yoga” feb. 27; the public is invited


wednesday, jan 29






washburn university debate begins the new year with another win 


tuesday, jan 28





view all news  














































become an ichabod
request information 
apply now 



























                            1700 sw college ave
topeka, kansas 66621
785.670.1010
                        





memorial union


mulvane art museum


disability services


statements & disclosures






my washburn


jobs


calendar


site map

















washburn university prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or marital or parental status. the following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies: michelle white-godinet, title ix equal opportunity director, washburn university, 1700 sw college ave, topeka, kansas 66621, 785.670.1509, eodirector@washburn.edu.





















