






pslac — puget sound leather artisans co-op












home 
the index to all the sections of the pslac web site and any late
breaking notices.  








workshop schedule (pdf)
 








audio files 









video instruction 









how to join 









meet our members 









read about pslac 









stohlman endorsement 









public index 









members index 









leather links 









member discounts 









email register 









help  








extras!!!

request a free password for the extras (stamping
database, search facility, tombow brush pens, and graph of member
locations) from: webmaster@pslac.org
 







 

  

puget sound leather artisans co-op (pslac) a
place to find information on all facets of leather: tooling, carving,
stamping, dyeing, lacing, braiding, construction, and repair in the
world famous
      rawhide gazette -- a newsletter all about
leathercraft. 

click to see the latest issue of the rawhide gazette
or the members only
issue.


notice: the meetings will be at the maple valley cedar grange #534.
next meeting: sunday, july 12th at 12:00 pm
no june meeting due to concerns over covid-19 and the health of our members.
we will hold a zoom meeting june 14th at 1:00 pm to 1:30 pm. contact webmaster for a link to the meeting.
click here for next meeting's project and supplies needed
      address: 22531 se 218th st., maple valley, wa 98038 (click for map)
directions to cedar grange #534:
from i-405 take the sr169 exit and proceed toward maple valley on the maple valley highway. in about 10 miles you will reach the se 216th/se 218th street intersection. turn right onto se 218th (the down-sloping hill on the left next to the maple valley market parking lot) towards the big white/gray building next to the bridge (the cedar grange). the parking lot is on the first left.
from highway 18 take the se 231st, junction 169, maple valley exit. proceed to the highway 169 (maple valley highway) junction. turn north (toward renton) on highway 169 and go about ¾ mile until you reach the se 216th/se 218th street intersection. turn left onto se 218th (the down-sloping hill on the left next to the maple valley market parking lot) towards the big white/gray building next to the bridge (the cedar grange). the parking lot is on the first left.
from issaquah take front street toward hobart and highway 18. in about 10 miles get on highway 18 west heading toward maple valley and auburn. follow the highway 18 instructions.

check on your membership status. enter at least three
characters of your name or email address and submit:



 if you desire to join and help support our
activities, please see the how to join link at the left.

 

this page is a part of the leathercrafter's ring.
choose the "home" link to join.


[
      previous -
      list sites -
      home -
      random site -
      next ]
      










copyright © 1996-2019 pslac
privacy policy
mail any comments or suggestions to: webmaster@pslac.org













