






asknoah.org | the 7 laws of noah for a better world!
































































home
about us
united noahide academies®
global contacts
languages

resources

for outreach
for women
for children
free downloads


contact us / subscribe
donate






search for:


extended search






cart is empty $0.00


0


ב''ה






 







 









7 noahidelaws
insights
media
faq
q&a forum
noahidestudies
recommendedbooks
affiliatedgroups
essays,art & science
store







search






search for:


extended search










home


about us


united noahide academies®


global contacts 


other languages


resources


for outreach


for women


for children


free downloads




contact us / subscribe



7 noahide laws
noahide studies
recommended books 
affiliated groups
essays, art & science
insights
media
faq
q&a forum
store

donate






ב''ה




subscribe to ournewsletter
        [contact-form-7 id="b7a652d" title="sunscribe pop-up"]    













featured audio
1-minute lessons on tu b’shevat by rabbi nachman simon
 one-minute lessons on points we can learn from tu b'shevat (15th of shevat) - the "new year's day" for trees. what we can learn from trees?
learn more









featured insight
tu b’shevat: rosh hashana (new year) for trees
 the 15th of shevat has its own customs based on deut. 20:19, “is man a tree of the field?” this metaphor is fundamental to our divine service.
learn more









featured insight
timeline for 7 noahide laws given at mt. sinai
 the 7 noahide commandments were given through noah, and again at mt. sinai at the time of the "ten commandments" for jews. the timeline at sinai is shown here.
learn more









featured video
why you are especially cherished
 the 10th of shevat (1 feb. 20'23) is 72 years after leadership of chabad transferred to the rebbe. in this 7th generation, our task is prepare the world for g-d's...
learn more









featured book
* go(o)d for you: the divine code of 7 noahide commandments
 this introduction booklet has 39 color pages & graphics, bringing the 7 laws of noah to life.
learn more























welcome to ask noah international
guidance for individuals, families, and communities about
the 7 commandments ing-d's moral code for mankind







the noahide (or noachide) moral code of seven universal commandments was given to noah and his children after the flood. it assured them that humanity would never degenerate into a jungle again. it prohibits (1) idolatry, (2) blasphemy, (3) homicide, (4) forbidden relations, (5) robbery, and (6) eating meat that was taken from a still-living animal (cruelty to animals), and it also includes a requirement (7) for societies to establish courts of justice. the details included in these fundamental commandments provide the guidelines for truly ethical behavior.
read more








this divine code is the foundation of all true morality. ask noah teaches about these eternal commandments in the light of their sources in the torah of moses, along with insights about the nature of creation and the important roles of all people as individuals and members of society. by fulfilling our potential within the context of this covenant, the spiritual goal for the creation is reached. this is how the world becomes a beautiful gem. where g-d will dwell with us in a revealed way!








these goals will uplift your life and those around you:
increase your knowledge of the one true g-d.
respect:

g-d’s holy name
the sanctity of all human life
relationships in the traditional family
the property of other people
all living creatures.

uphold righteousness in your judicial system.
and light up the world with acts of goodness & kindness! read more







 insightssee all

the noahide lifestyle is permeated with meaning. to be moral is to live a fulfilling life, not only in theory but in practice as well. and it is the way prescribed by g-d. every person interested in following the seven commandments of noah can greatly benefit from the wealth of torah insights on everything from birthdays to the purpose of creation. enhance your knowledge, and you will enrich your life.
see all




knowledge of g-d
noah, the flood, and the ark
the rainbow
parenting, education & health
guest essays from noahides
the written and oral torah
month of elul, and rosh hashanah
other special days
biographies
world peace and the 7 laws of noah












see all







 faqsee all

we invite you to view our categories below for questions from others interested in following the seven laws of noah. you can also visit the asknoah forum for answers categorized by the seven laws, or email us for an expert answer.
see all




the noahide faith
noahide prayer
repentance and atonement
torah-based morality
the messiah and the third temple
going beyond the seven laws
noahide mourning
noahide outreach
theological topics
heavenly levels
angels
descendants of noah's sons











see all






the 7 noahide commandments
g-d gave the first six commandments to adam and hava (eve). these were repeated to noah after the flood, and a seventh was added, when g-d established the covenant of the rainbow with noah and all of the world’s creatures. at mount sinai, g-d taught the torah’s precepts through moses, including g-d’s directive for all gentiles to observe the 7 noahide laws. a gentile merits to receive a place in the eternal future world to come, in the messianic era, through careful and pious observance of these universal commandments. information about the noahide laws in the biblical text and their great significance is given in the categories below.



an introduction to the 7 noahide commandments
g-d gave six commandments to adam, and he added a seventh in the covenant of the rainbow with noah.



sources and timeline for the 7 commandments
the 7 noahide laws are coded in genesis 2:16. five are explicitly found in verses in genesis, one is in leviticus.



the prohibition of idolatry
belief in g-d & the prohibition of idolatry are the foundation of the noahide code.



the prohibition of blasphemy against g-d
the prohibition of blasphemy means not curse the creator as he is known by his holy names.



the prohibition of theft
one must be very careful about theft, since there are many details and one naturally covets money.



the prohibition of murder and injury
the noahide prohibition of murder is given in genesis 9:6, “whoever sheds the blood of man, among man, his blood shall be shed.



the prohibition of forbidden sexual relations
genesis states, "a man shall leave his father and his mother and cling to his wife, and they shall become one flesh".



prohibition of eating meat of a live animal; animal welfare/humane slaughter
don't eat meat removed from a living land mammal or bird, such as bobbed lambs' tails.



the command to establish just laws and courts
the 7 noahide laws are coded in genesis 2:16. five are explicitly found in verses in genesis, one is in leviticus. the timeline at mount








videosee all



ask noah int'l and "the divine code"
seven gates of righteous knowledge
lessons by rabbi moshe weiner
understanding torah
the rebbe on the seven laws and moshiach
the rebbe's advice
the rebbe on education and the noahide code
the rebbe's lessons for special days
lessons by rabbi aaron raskin
unite the world
other videos
lessons by rabbi nachman simon
my noahide family
rabino serber y otros videos en español
videos for children (that adults will enjoy!)
songs for noahides
songs by tuvia bolton
video course on secrets of noah's ark











see all






audiosee all



the seven noahide laws
the noahide way of life
interviews & lectures
special days in the hebrew calendar
newest audio
torah lessons
biblical history
post-biblical history
biographies











see all














excerpts from entry for 19th shevat in “hayom yom,” compiled by the lubavitcher rebbe:
in the words of rambam [maimonides],* "to know that there is a first being, who caused the existence of all beings... the knowledge of this principle is a positive command, as it is said, i am the eternal your g-d."
this is a mitzva [commandment] relating to mind and intellect... it is the duty of the mind and intellect to bring this faith to a level of knowledge and comprehension. this is the meaning of, "to know that there is a first being;" the mitzva specifies comprehension and intellectual grasp, as written in torah... "serve him with a whole heart" [chronicles i 28:9], and it is also written, "know this day [and consider it in your heart, that the l-rd, he is g-d in heaven above, and upon the earth below; there is none else]." [deut. 4:39]
*mishneh torah, foundations of the torah 1:1.




from the entry for 5th of tevet in “hayom yom,” compiled by the lubavitcher rebbe:
when moshiach [the true messiah] comes, we will realize the greatness of acknowledgement [belief] and earnestness, everyone's pure faith in g-d and his torah and commandments. human comprehension – even on its highest level – is limited. but faith is a feeling that is boundless. moshiach will explain the magnificent achievement of earnest service to g-d flowing from the heart.
































noahide resources
noahide weddings
noahide living wills
noahide funerals
noahide declarations
ask noah youtube channel
ask noah podcasts
unite the world: a.r.k. charity project
ask noah pages in russian on monoteism.org
a moment of silence in schools
collaboration with the mental wellness society



facebook pages
organization: ask noah
book: “the divine code”
book: “to perfect the world”
book: “seven gates of righteous knowledge”
booklet: prayers, blessings, principles of faith for noahides
music video: 7 lights of noah
unite the world: unite to study



web site
privacy policy
newsletter subscribe
shopping cart / checkout

socials








2025 © asknoah international (ani). all rights reserved.
made with 🤍 by wwdiv studio














