




 sea and sands cottages cute and family friendly in port aransas, texas












 



 home

 cottages

 rates and map

 contact us 


























 
clean, cute & colorful inport aransas, texas.

















sea and sands cottages
			   cute and family friendly in port aransas, texas 



fan favorite,
*last minute web specials*
soon to be found only on our facebook page

follow us now at our
sea and sand cottages facebook page
--or--
call matthew (361) 438-2372
ask about
*last minute web specials*






 







we celebrated our 10 year anniversary in 2017 with the addition of a brand new swimming pool. yes that's right! sea and sand cottages has a cool and refreshing sparkling swimming pool!




so pack up your family, favorite pet, beach towels, fishing gear, dive gear, surfboard, sailboard, boat, sunscreen and shades to head for "port a" fun in the sun.

and then, after the day's activities, come home to sea & sand cottages, where you can sit back on your own private, cool, and breezy porch, hang out at the pool, or settle inside your quiet air conditioned cottage to play cards or watch some cable tv. remember, you're on "island time!" you can do anything you want or nothing at all.




located in the heart of "old town," you'll appreciate our quiet neighborhood within walking distance to the beach, great shopping, the trolley stop, grocery store, winton's candy shop, fine restaurants and fisherman's wharf.
click image to enlarge




you'll enjoy the privacy of your own 1940's, colorful cottage with a fully equipped kitchen that has everything you'll need to prepare a snack or feast. we also have a nice fish cleaning hut, and plenty of room to park your boat. so come on down for that beach getaway you so desire and deserve! sea and sands cottages has everything you need in the perfect port a location!

copa# 184224






managed by
1 of a kind beach houses

























		  pack up your family, favorite pet, beach towels, fishing gear, dive gear, surfboard, sailboard, boat, suntan lotion and shades and head for fun in the sun in port aransas.

sea and sands cottages
		      p.o. box 1801port aransas, texas 78373
call us at:(361) 749-5191
 contact
		      us by email


















