



































































winona daily news | breaking news | winona daily news, breaking news, local news, national news, headlines, sports





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-15°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



hometown



crime



politics



business



agriculture



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columns




sports


local



high school



college



professional




lifestyles


movies & tv



music



food & cooking



get healthy



home & garden



parenting



fashion



pets



faith



games & puzzles



contests



comics



play




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




our publications


winona daily news



houston county news



our 7 rivers




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



minnesota public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









-15°
clear
























        
        
            campus connection: southeast takes in-depth look at information technology programs

minnesota state college southeast is undergoing a "designing a curriculum" process to improve its information technology (it) programs. 

















        
        
            many area schools close or delay tuesday due to cold

some area schools are closing tuesday. the school districts of la crosse and onalaska had not made any announcement as of 11:30 p.m.

















        
        
            canada’s ‘pause’ of remote border crossing permits puts some minnesotans' lives, and livelihoods, in limbo

darin fagerman, a former minnesota state trooper and retired conservation officer, built a solar-powered cabin eight-tenths of a mile into canada on saganaga lake. far from any roads, it is a remote wilderness paradise. fagerman can reach his cabin in less than two hours from his home outsid…

















        
        
            what does minnesota’s congressional delegation think about trump’s first weeks in office? we asked.

washington, d.c. - president donald trump’s sweeping changes in the first weeks of his presidency have sent democrats scrambling to push back as republicans have largely welcomed and cheered on his plans. he’s signed dozens of executive orders that follow through on his campaign promises on …

















        
        
            for real this time, real id requirement will take effect this spring

after years of extensions, real id will be the law of the land come this spring. anybody boarding domestic flights or entering certain federal facilities will need one of the driver’s licenses or identification cards with a star in the upper right corner. other federally approved forms of id…

















        
        
            crafting community blooms at no name bar in winona

every tuesday night, the no name bar in winona hosts a craft event where people of different skill sets come together to create a variety of handmade items. 

















        
        
            housing prices, sales rise in wisconsin, including la crosse county

wisconsin home prices and sales have increased in 2024, with western wisconsin seeing the second-largest increase in sales. the median price in la crosse county has risen from $280,000 in 2023 to $305,000 in 2024, while sales have increased by 5.8%. the county is seeing a shortage of invento…










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            crafting community blooms at no name bar in winona


















        
        
            many area schools close or delay tuesday due to cold



















        
        
            february 17 recap: winona news you may have missed today















                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 17 recap: winona news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from winona daily news. 




















        
        
            officer-involved shooting death in lafayette determined to be self-defense

the chippewa county district attorney concluded that the actions of law enforcement involved in the shooting death of matthew h. luke in the town of lafayette on dec. 21 were reasonable acts of self-defense.





















        
        
            winona neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in winona daily news 





















        
        
            winona neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in winona daily news 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            video: elk mound 82, bloomer girls basketball 45. 2-17-25




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            wisconsin men's basketball monitoring los angeles fires as west coast trip nears

the badgers have an upcoming trip to play at southern cal and ucla. here's what we know.




















        
        
            wisconsin men's basketball starting guard 'feeling better and better every day'

a senior guard was injured against rutgers and didn't play against minnesota. badgers coach greg gard provided an update on his status leading into tuesday's game against ohio state.




















        
        
            surging wisconsin men's basketball returns to ap top 25 rankings

the badgers have won five in a row, and voters in the associated press men's college basketball rankings have taken notice.





















        
        
            kamari mcgee earns 1st start as 'other guys step up' for wisconsin vs. minnesota

the badgers were without max klesmit for friday's rivalry matchup with minnesota, but kamari mcgee contributed 15 points in his first career start with them, as wisconsin earned contributions all throughout the lineup. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            useaces.com










 website






























        
        
            winona daily news



                                        902 e 2nd st., ste 261, winona, mn 55987
                                    






 website






























        
        
            steak shop catering & food service



                                        301 e mark st, winona, mn 55987
                                    



 website







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube







obituaries

life & entertainment

local

opinion

sports

contact



sites & partners


lacrosse tribune

houston county news

courier

vernon county times

vernon county view

the journal

chippewa herald

dunn county news

river valley media group

bike trail guide

get healthy




services


buy & sell

real estate

jobs

classifieds

celebrations

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        winona daily news, 279 e. third street, suite 370, winona, mn, 55987 winona, mn 55987
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























