






























welcome to fort duncan regional medical center | eagle pass, tx





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
price transparency



search


830-773-5321830-773-5321



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: breast imaging center 
cardiology 
emergency services 
internal medicine 
obstetrics and gynecology 
orthopedics 
outpatient diagnostic services 
pediatrics 
pulmonary and lung care 
radiology 
rehabilitation 
surgery 
urology 
wound care 


patients & visitors patient services: patient information 
health records online 
online registration – regie 
phone directory 
newborn channel 
web nursery 
health equity 
no surprises act 
obtaining your medical records 
price guide 

billing and insurance: online bill pay 
billing 
insurance 
health insurance marketplace 

visitors: location and map 
send note to patient 
visitor information 


events programs: senior salud 50+ 


about about us ask the ceo 
ceo welcome 
contact us 
hospital leadership and board of directors 
news 

resources blog 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
price transparency
 



search form

search 



































          careis our callingat fort duncan regional medical center 
learn about us 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	careers	    








 
   
safe. trusted. ready.
we've always been here when you needed us most. we're here for you now.
watch now











































fort duncan regional medical center recognized in the top 10 percent of inpatient rehabilitation facilities in the united states

fort duncan regional medical center recognized in the top 10 percent of inpatient rehabilitation facilities in the united states
the hospital was recognized for care that is effective, efficient, timely and patient-centered.
read 

fort duncan regional medical center honored with tx ena award for crisis response readiness

fort duncan regional medical center honored with tx ena award for crisis response readiness
the emergency department at fort duncan regional medical center has been honored with the texas emergency nurses association (tx ena) award for...
read 




blog


at the  fort duncan regional medical center blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


is it the winter blues or something more?

is it the winter blues or something more? january 21, 2025 
	it’s that time of year for the winter blues and seasonal affective disorder. here are ways to recognize the differences and know when it’s time to seek help. read article 
 

this simple screening could save your heart

this simple screening could save your heart january 21, 2025 
	according to the centers for disease control and prevention, heart disease is the leading cause of death among u.s. adults. cardiac imaging can help keep your heart healthy – here’s how. read article 
 

this is one of the most common illnesses in kids

this is one of the most common illnesses in kids january 14, 2025 
	approximately five out of six kids have at least one ear infection before they are old enough to start preschool. many kids have more than one. read article 
 



all health news articles
 

 









 







careers


 







health records


 







events









hospital facts & numbers
at fort duncan regional medical center

0

                    private patient rooms                


0

                    employees                


0

                    emergency dept. visits                




 
















fort duncan regional medical center3333 n. foster maldonado boulevard, eagle pass, tx 78852830-773-5321830-773-5321 








contact us
about our hospital
careers



facebook
linkedin









	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither fort duncan regional medical center, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





site map
privacy policy
terms of use
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
language assistance
accessibility statement
code of conduct
compliance hotline
price transparency



© 2025 fort duncan regional medical center. all rights reserved.














