







home | scania united kingdom 






































































you seem to be located in .







take me to scania great britain


stay on the united kingdom site




















united kingdom




              united kingdom
            


















































more





webshop



































configure your truck





country selector

























direct vision standard (dvs)

direct vision standard requirements are changing. make sure your vehicles comply with the new standard to enter the greater london area.
find out more










winter safety tips

cold weather can cause headaches for truck drivers, technicians and fleet managers alike, the challenges of driving and delivering to your customers get that little bit tougher and unpredictable. being prepared will help you face those challenges when the weather turns.
learn more










scania xt

when the conditions are challenging, you can rely on scania xt trucks. discover the robust features of the scania xt range that can handle the harshest environments, ensuring maximum uptime and productivity.
learn more










careers

at scania, our people are our most valuable asset. we are looking for individuals who are ready to take on the challenge of driving the change towards a better tomorrow.
find available positions here


















driving the future





whether you're looking for a new large fleet of scania vehicles or an individual truck, we can customise our vehicles and services to meet the unique needs of your application and operation. we provide scania transport solutions for use in a wide range of applications, allowing operators to increase their efficiency and performance while reducing environmental impact.


































six decades of diamond service to the uk





on 14 december 1964, scania uk was officially formed. and six decades on, our mission remains the same. driving the shift for a better tomorrow for our industry, the uk and, most importantly, for the people who count on us – our customers.




see more






















scania super





the new scania super powertrain has arrived. tomorrow’s heavy transport just got 8% better - for the planet, your operations and your business.




learn more






















































scania go used vehicles





looking for a used vehicle with plenty of added benefits? look no further than scania go.




view our scania go vehicles





















products and services






















trucks

              

              
                14 jan 2025
              
            
scania supports transport companies across the world by delivering heavy trucks for each customer’s need. we offer solutions for a range of different applications including long-distance, urban applications and construction.





















buses and coaches

              

              
                18 nov 2024
              
            
scania provides people transport solutions allowing sustainability and operating economy to go hand in hand, utilising strong partnerships and a global network.





















power solutions

              

              
                18 nov 2024
              
            
equipment, vehicles and vessels must be reliable – scania engines and components will rise to the challenge. 





















rental

              

              
                18 nov 2024
              
            
scania rental provides short-term or long-term hire for truck operators and is an ideal back-up facility for businesses that work contract-to-contract.





















used vehicles

              

              
                18 nov 2024
              
            
looking for a used vehicle with plenty of added benefits? look no further than scania go.





















services

              

              
                09 jan 2025
              
            
improve your operation - explore scania´s extensive offering of complete service solutions.





















vehicle services

              

              
                06 sep 2024
              
            
scania service solutions are designed to serve your individual operational needs to secure high availability of your fleet.




























latest news





















grabbing pole position for the race of their lives

              

              
                15 nov 2024
              
            
on 6 november, 52 of scania uk’s final year apprentices took to the top step of the podium to celebrate their graduation at the home of british motor racing – silverstone.





















hall of fame: sharp freights scania 770 s v8

              

              
                07 oct 2024
              
            
congratulations to our latest hall of fame competition winner - jamie sharp! his jaw-dropping truck comes with a full custom paint job, which has caught the eye and the admiration of our followers.





















going full circle: scania proves you can use remanufactured gearboxes in production

              

              
                30 sep 2024
              
            
scania aims to cut emissions it produces in vehicle production by utilising remanufactured parts on its main assembly line in sweden.





















in full view: services 360 to improve the scania  experience across the uk and europe

              

              
                16 sep 2024
              
            
scania has revamped its service offering by focusing on delivering a consistent scania experience for owners, drivers and operators across europe.





















charging up the future: scania’s electric marine engines power up seawork

              

              
                07 jun 2024
              
            
scania will power up southampton with its presence at seawork 2024. showcasing the latest and greatest from its power solutions powertrain division, scania is displaying its latest battery electric and hybrid solutions for marine applications.






















stars of the show: scania takes centre stage with a triple uk premiere at road transport expo

              

              
                04 jun 2024
              
            
scania uk steals the limelight at road transport expo as a trio of trucks make their uk premiere. scania uk steals the limelight at road transport expo as a trio of trucks make their uk premiere. with a large presence both inside and outside, scania is focusing its attendance on decarbonisation and celebrating its 60th anniversary in the uk.





















hall of fame: huw williams on behalf of adt

              

              
                22 apr 2024
              
            
congratulations to our latest hall of fame competition winner - huw williams! his story is not just about victory. it's one of passion, power and dedication.





















new scania family series heroes our power solutions customers

              

              
                15 apr 2024
              
            
scania family returns for a fifth season in the uk, with this series focusing on the scania’s power solutions customers.





















buy an approved used scania online for the first time

              

              
                10 apr 2024
              
            
scania uk is giving customers a chance to buy a used scania online for the first time.

the new selling platform forms a crucial part of the scania go used vehicle programme, where customers can buy used vehicles their way, with total peace of mind. now, with the added flexibility of being able to complete their purchase anywhere they want.





















 i do, i do, i do, i do: scania launches the  ultimate edition of its super range

              

              
                01 apr 2024
              
            
scania has expanded its super range of vehicles with the launch of a special edition called the supertrouper.
















newsroom























let's talk business








search for your nearest branch






find your dealer









contact




                            get directions
                        









more dealers in your area









scania.com would like
                            to use your current location
access denied! find your closest dealer inside our contact search page




more dealers in your area








































products



trucks

buses and coaches

power solutions

electrification

attributes





services



contracted services

workshop services

scania parts

connected services

finance & insurance





careers



join us

meet our people

life at scania

new to trucks?





about scania



newsroom

scania lifestyle webshop

business with scania







                        scania in your region:
                        
                    
united kingdom










            legal notice
          



            privacy statement
          



            cookies
          



            contact us
          



            whistleblowing
          



            gender pay gap report
          



































© copyright scania 2025. all rights reserved. scania (great britain) limited, delaware drive, tongwell, milton keynes, mk15 8hb, tel: +44 (0) 1908 210210. vat number: 485809107. scania (great britain) limited is an appointed representative of itc compliance limited which is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority (registration number is 313486). permitted activities include acting as a credit broker and not a lender or a lessor.













this content is unavailable if you don't enable our cookies. please enable cookies to be able to see this content.



cookie settings



cookie policy link 








cookie information


we use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. by clicking “i accept” , you are agreeing to give your consent to all cookies being used and the information being shared. you can also manage your cookies by clicking the “cookie settings” and selecting the categories you’d like to accept. for a more detailed explanation of how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which you can find by clicking the link below this text.









i accept

reject all

cookie settings









cookie settings










													necessary cookies
												

													always on
													
												



 necessary cookies are needed for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually a consequence of you requesting services such as; setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of the site will not work. these cookies do not store any personal data.






													performance cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 performance cookies allow us to count visits and traffic, which is an important source of improvement of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. all the information that these cookies collect is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies your visit to our site will not be counted in our statistics and will not contribute to performance monitoring and improvement of the website.






													functional cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 functional cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. they may be set by us or by third-party providers (see our cookie policy for further information ) whose services we have added to our pages. if you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. third-party providers may process your information, including personal data, when these cookies are activated.






													targeting cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 targeting cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners (see our cookie policy for further information). they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they are based on uniquely identifying your browser type and the type of internet device you use. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.






													social media cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 social media cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks (see our cookie policy for further information). they are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. this may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. if you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.










cookie policy link



cancel
save preferences

















