





kenrick-glennon seminary – the catholic seminary in the archdiocese of saint louis






































kenrick-glennon seminarythe catholic seminary in the archdiocese of saint louishome
about

mission statement
message from the president-rector
general information
safe environment program
student services and resources
history of the seminary
accreditation
administration/faculty
staff
seminarians
board of trustees
student consumer information


programs

cardinal glennon college

admissions
formation program

human formation
spiritual formation
pastoral formation
intellectual formation


financial information
semester calendar overview


kenrick school of theology: pre-theology program

admissions

financial information


formation program

human formation: freedom in christ
spiritual formation: union with christ
intellectual formation: the mind of christ
pastoral formation: the heart of christ


calendars

calendar of annual events
daily schedule


meet the seminarians

pre-theology i
pre-theology ii
media




kenrick school of theology: theologate program

admissions
formation program

human formation
spiritual formation
pastoral formation
intellectual formation
handbook and forms


curriculum
course descriptions
academic policies
outcomes and assessment
mdiv comprehensive exam requirements
financial information
semester calendar overview
peter richard kenrick lecture




resources

souvay memorial library
email
guide to academic papers and citations
a vision for priestly formation
herald magazine
kgs attire ordering
faculty publications

order the book: seminary formation and transitory same-sex attraction


faculty presentations

fr. james mason – talks on mp3


the rosary


support

make a gift
prayer partners
kenrick-glennon society
planned giving
other giving
seminary christmas appeal 2024 – transformed by grace

parish resources




events and activities

advent novena
alumni day
convivium auction
fiat women’s group
forming men for christ
kenrick-glennon days (kgd)
kenrick lecture
nature trail
nazareth nights
ordinations
tours
trivia night


contact
make a gift
 




in the footsteps of sts. peter and paul
january 8, 2025  by alyssa norberg 
“may we know what this new teaching is that you are presenting?” – acts 17:19
every year, each class of transitional deacons takes a pilgrimage in january before returning for their final semester at the seminary. this year, fr. charlie samson, assistant professor of biblical theology, is leading the men across greece and rome in the footsteps of sts. peter and paul. joined by fr. paul hoesing and fr. shane deman, our rector and vice-rector, the men receive a conference-style lecture at each location followed by a silent holy hour.
pictured above, the men are gathered outside the areopagus in athens where st. paul preached the gospel to the great philosophers of the time. after seeing around athens altars to an “unknown god,” paul proclaimed, at this location, the person of jesus christ (acts 17). please pray for the men as they continue their journey on this apostolic pilgrimage!
filed under: news & events ite ad joseph: a vision for priestly formation
november 4, 2024  by alyssa norberg “kenrick-glennon seminary is not merely a place but a set of relationships meant to elicit the deep richness of the church’s resources for healing the wounds of isolation.”
 
filed under: news & events evangelization symposium
august 27, 2024  by alyssa norberg 
“go therefore and make disciples of all nations.” – matthew 28:19
kenrick-glennon seminary opened the 2024-2025 year of formation with a two-day symposium on evangelization and pastoral accompaniment. presenters from around the country shared their wisdom and expertise with the seminarians. the call to respond to the missionary mandate of the church was contextualized for us within the content of priestly formation.
our presenters included:
dr. mary healy, professor of sacred scripture at sacred heart major seminary in detroit and bestselling author and international speaker.
dr. healy presented on the holy spirit and evangelization
julianne stanz, director of evangelization and discipleship in the diocese of green bay.
julianne shared with us the importance of proclaiming the core message of christ, repent and believe in the gospel.
jim jansen, director of the parish support team for the archdiocese of omaha.
jim’s focus helped the seminarians concretize evangelization within the mission of the parish.
also presenting and moderating many of the sessions and small groups was jen ryan, director of pastoral education here at kenrick. jen also spearheaded the development of all the parish case studies used during the symposium.
filed under: news & events kenrick glennon seminary at seek24
january 29, 2024  by alyssa norberg 
be the light
the seek conference, hosted annually by the fellowship of catholic university students, welcomed 20,000 catholics to st. louis at the beginning of the month. the men of kenrick-glennon seminary, whose registration was covered by generous donors on giving tuesday, had profound opportunities to make a gift of themselves throughout the week. some men were charged with guarding the relics and the blessed sacrament in the 2,000-seat adoration chapel. others served holy mass with bishops and cardinals. still more accompanied young people from their dioceses and pastoral assignments, offing wisdom and a fatherly presence to further the work of god in each of their lives. regardless of where the men found themselves throughout the conference, the words of st. francis of assisi rang true: “for it is in giving that we receive”.
filed under: news & events pray the rosary with kenrick-glennon seminary
october 14, 2022  by kate sauerburger mary, our mother, has impacted the lives of millions of people. we invite you to pray with us and grow closer in relationship to jesus through mary.
 
we encourage you to share these videos with your family and friends.
 
make sure to subscribe to our youtube channel and follow us on social media to stay up-to-date!
filed under: news & events 

news & events


in the footsteps of sts. peter and paul


ite ad joseph: a vision for priestly formation


evangelization symposium


kenrick glennon seminary at seek24


pray the rosary with kenrick-glennon seminary





 
















 





 







find me on
facebooktwitteryoutubeinstagramemail
 kenrick-glennon seminary
5200 glennon drive
        saint louis, mo 63119
        (google map )
        
      t: 
    314-792-6100




© copyright 2014 kenrick-glennon seminary · all rights reserved · webmaster · login









