


cardiovascular cleansing using liquid oral chelation






























call now for clean arteries

954-882-7221


home
products
ask our customers
contact
affiliate

chelation therapy
		  


benefits of chelation
coronary calcium scan
simple cleaning plan
liquid vs pills
edta history
how angioprim works
right kind of calcium
chelation therapy
chelation research
medical acceptance



helps with
		  


angina
arterial plaque
arteriosclerosis
atherosclerosis
congestive heart failure
coronary artery calcification
coronary artery disease
carotid artery disease
peripheral artery disease
bone spurs
diabetes



about
		  


faq
ingredients
angioplasty (stents)
bypass surgery
carotid artery surgery
our founders story
policies
customer service
angioprim instructions


shopping cart











angioprim the original liquid oral chelation since
		  2003. serving the world for 22 years
angioprim is a safe way to help reduce the plaque buildup in your arteries and veins with liquid oral chelation. 
no matter your age or health condition, you can extend your life and add life to your years beginning right now! you can improve your overall health & vitality and increase your energy levels.  you can truly look & feel younger than your years due to improved blood flow. angioprim can help promote a healthy cardiovascular system by safely decreasing arterial plaque from clogged arteries and veins. 


click here to see why angioprim was invented.




do you have any of these symptoms ?



night cramps in hands or feet?
 fingers or toes that often feel cold?
 your arms or legs often "go to sleep"?  
 is there a diagonal crease in your earlobe? 
 do you experience numbness in the arms or legs? 
 a whitish ring under the outer cornea in your eye?  


 do your lips or fingers often have a tingling sensation? 
 breathless with slight exertion or when lying down? 
 on short walks, do your legs get aches or pains? 
 is your memory worse than it used to be? 
 ankles that swell late in the day?
 has your blood pressure increased lately?


if you answered yes to even one of these questions, you may have early warning signs of arterial blockages (arterial plaque). your body is saying that it's time to make a change and put time on your side. these are not the normal signs of aging. they are the warning signs that accompany blocked arteries (arterial plaque).


cholesterol has never been directly implicated in causing heart disease.

billions of dollars have been spent over the years on treatments that are completely useless and harmful to our bodies. how have we been so deceived? this is absolutely tragic. we have been led to believe that cholesterol is dangerous even though our bodies create it.
cholesterol is not the cause of your arterial blockages but merely a correlation. calcium is the real cause.


how did i get this way ?



doctors and nutritionist's say you need more calcium. no two ways about it, taking the wrong calcium, like coral calcium, may cause major health problems!
calcium not only makes up your bones, it's also found in your nerves, muscles and most of the cells in your body. calcium, along with other vitamins and metals, are in water and almost everything you eat.
a diet and exercise still make good sense. however, those changes alone may not solve your problem.
click here for the right kind of calcium.





benefits of oral chelation therapy


angioprim the original liquid oral chelation (edta) will chelate calcium as well as other minerals and heavy metals out of your body resulting in clean arteries. by cleansing the veins and arteries, this increases blood flow. blood provides your body (tissues, organs, nerves, etc.) with oxygen and nutrients. if your blood flow is restricted due to blockage, your body is not receiving the proper nourishment, which causes poor health conditions. with the help of our edta oral chelation therapy, you can reduce the blockage and increase circulation, your body receives the proper blood rich in oxygen and nutrients which can allow it to recuperate, regenerate and operate normally once again. have a look at the benefits of oral chelation therapy can help you with:
 angina is chest pain or discomfort caused when your heart muscle doesn't get enough oxygen-rich blood. it may feel like pressure or squeezing in your chest. the discomfort also can occur in your shoulders, arms, neck, jaw, or back. angina pain may even feel like indigestion.
arteriosclerosis and atherosclerosis are sometimes used to mean the same thing, but there's a difference between the two terms.
 arteriosclerosis happens when the blood vessels that carry oxygen and nutrients from the heart to the rest of the body become thick and stiff. these blood vessels are called arteries. healthy arteries are flexible and elastic. but over time, the walls in the arteries can harden, a condition commonly called hardening of the arteries.
 atherosclerosis is a disease in which arterial plaque builds up inside your arteries. arteries are blood vessels that carry oxygen-rich blood to your heart and other parts of your body. (arterial plaque) is made up of fat, cholesterol, calcium, and other substances found in the blood. over time, (arterial plaque) hardens and narrows your arteries.
 coronary artery calcification (cac) is a buildup of calcium in the walls of the arteries also known as calcification of the arteries.
 coronary artery disease (cad) is a common heart condition. the major blood vessels that supply the heart (coronary arteries) struggle to send enough blood, oxygen and nutrients to the heart muscle. calcium deposits (arterial plaque) in the heart arteries and inflammation are usually the cause of coronary artery disease.
 carotid artery disease occurs when fatty deposits, called (arterial plaque), clogs the blood vessels that deliver blood to the brain and head (carotid arteries). the clog increases the risk of stroke. stroke is a medical emergency that occurs when the brain loses all or much of its blood supply.
 peripheral artery disease (pad) is a common condition in which narrowed arteries reduce blood flow to the arms or legs, usually a sign of a buildup of (arterial plaque) in the arteries.
 renal artery stenosis is narrowed arteries which reduces blood flow to your kidneys, usually a sign of a buildup of (arterial plaque) in the arteries.
 vertebral artery disease (vad)  is a condition where (arterial plaque) builds up inside the vertebral arteries, reducing or cutting off blood supply to the brain. this area of the brain controls body functions that are needed to keep you alive.
 congestive heart failure is when small arteries and capillaries in the heart are blocked, neither surgery nor angioplasty can open them. you can restore circulation to blocked capillaries and arteries without surgery.
angioprim is the most effective way of reducing the amount of arterial plaque buildup.


surgery is only one possible solution



you need a permanent solution angioprim
angioplasty squashes the (arterial plaque) against the sides of your artery walls with a balloon and then holds it captive with a metal stent. after surgery you will still have cardiovascular disease, because the (arterial plaque) buildup you have in other areas of your body has not been addressed! in addition the (arterial plaque) is still present next to the stent in the artery.
carotid artery surgery in carotid endarterectomy, you receive a local or general anesthetic. your surgeon makes an incision along the front of your neck, opens your carotid artery and removes the (arterial plaque) that are clogging your artery. then, your surgeon repairs the artery with stitches or a patch made with a vein or artificial material (patch graft).
coronary artery bypass surgery creates a new path for blood to flow around a blocked or partially blocked artery in the heart. the surgery involves taking a healthy blood vessel from the chest or leg area. the vessel is connected below the blocked heart artery. the new pathway improves blood flow to the heart muscle.


surgery does not have to be your first choice, but it is one of your choices, because 40 % of those having heart surgery can suffer long term mental dysfunction because of the surgery. surgery only provides temporary relief, and never address' the cause of the disease, this insures you will have regular visits to the doctor's office along with lifelong prescriptions refills. this is what modern medicine is all about folks. you can't win.


for more information use the more info tab above

usa/international:  954-882-7221  or email us:


edta is the primary component used in a process called chelation.

edta chelation therapy has been in practice for over 60 years and has been proven to eliminate heavy metals (lead, mercury, iron, etc.) from the body. the issue with heavy metals is that they accumulate causing many health problems that can impact literally every major organ in your body.
in addition to eliminating heavy metals, edta chelation has also been shown to  remove mineral deposits, particularly calcium. over time when these calcium deposits remain in the body, they build up and harden, resulting in decreased circulation. blood supplies nutrients and oxygen to all critical body areas (organs, nerves, muscles and tissues), so there is no doubt how important it is to have proper blood flow. 
unfortunately, the fda does not permit us (or any company) to discuss or expand on specific health benefits that edta chelation may offer. good news thought, the nih (national institutes of health) is back on track in sponsoring the largest clinical trial ever conducted on chelation therapy. we believe that after this is completed, it will facilitate acceptance of chelation therapy as a safe, viable and approved treatment in the mainstream medical community.


how angioprim works


the action of angioprim is more than just binding calcium and breaking down arterial plaque. one of the primary health problems of aging is decreased blood flow caused by plaque buildup, angioprim helps to restore lost blood flow by safely stimulating the reduction of the amount of the plaque, so that they allow blood flow around a blockage.
angioprim promotes healing by stimulating enzyme production that controls the phosphorus and calcium levels in the body.  calcium control results in re-calcification of bones and the reduction of osteoporosis and arthritis.
angioprim is a powerful antioxidant to control free radical damage. free radicals are formed when oxygen interacts with certain molecules. once formed these highly reactive radicals damage the body and cause aging.  antioxidants prevent the damage caused by free radical damage and therefore slows the aging process. angioprim stimulates the body to produce antioxidants that reduce the risk of heart disease.
angioprim as our founder often said when discussing the dangers of plaque buildup: "the best definition of old age is actually calcification of the body". removing the calcium from the plaque in the arteries can only lead to better health, more energy, and a more active life.
angioprim is a liquid that you mix with juice, purified water, or virtually any liquid that is mineral free. you take it in the morning and spend the rest of your day living your life. with each passing day during the cleansing of your arteries your life will be richer and give you more and more freedom to be the youthful vigorous you that you remember.
click here to see how angioprim works.







why angioprim - fast, proven, effective, safe and best value


angioprim can provide significant improvement. we believe that angioprim has no comparison, there is no other product available that can provide such positive and fast results.
after many years of scientific research have proven that the active ingredient in angioprim helps promote cardiovascular health.
liquid oral chelation has proven better absorption rate than pills and capsules. pills and capsules appear to be less cost, but the real loss is time. it can take months or even a year to feel any relief vs 24, 48 or 72 days for an angioprim cleaning. 
angioprim's synergistic combination of amino acids is formulated to improve the body's ability to reduce arterial plaque build up and calcification.
the cost of angioprim can only be measured by a person's health improvements. what is your life worth?










copyright 2003-2025 angioprim.com llc. all rights reserved. | sitemap
		these statements have not been evaluated by the fda.
		this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.





