












australian canned tuna, salmon & sardines | sustainable seafood distributor - safcol


































































































 australia







1800 819 785



mail@safcol.com.au



po box 1085, elizabeth vale,south australia 5112





 



 



 




































home
about

our story
safcol
health & nutrition
environment


products

no net tuna
tuna
salmon
sardines
specialty products


recipes
blog
fish market
contact us
 







search





















learn more 
							









 



 


the australian 
							seafood experts since 1945 
							a full service seafood products company 
							 


responsibly fished since 2011 
							all you would expect from the seafood experts. 
							if you're after a delicious balanced lunch or dinner 
							 


recipes to try 
							online recipe library 
							try some of our recipes 
							 










safcol tuna
the australian seafood experts
learn more







safcol was founded in 1945 by a group of south australian fishermen to sell their catch; the first of its kind in australia. this connection with the craft and the catch has been constant throughout our history. today, safcol continues to manage the thriving south australian fish market and is a diversified consumer products group, marketing its products across the australian retail market in supermarkets and other speciality stores.













why safcol?
safcol is one of the world’s major suppliers of fresh, packaged and frozen seafood. we are respected for our philosophy of sustainability and our guarantee of quality. we have over 70 years experience, from traditional beginnings to the operation of fleets and plants around the world. we can supply virtually every type of seafood, fresh or frozen.



the seafood experts

safcol has a long heritage of over 70 years in seafood in the australian market and also other global markets. we trace our tuna catch from fishing boat to shelf and we are the brand that changed the australian tuna market to a responsibly fished market, with larger brands following our lead 5 years later, after we had changed our fishing methods in 2011. being the only australian tuna brand that actually owns a cannery in australia and internationally gives us the advantage of ensuring australian standards of food safety are adhered to at all times.




responsible fishing

safcol only catches our tuna in two ways one is by the fad free method which means we do not use destructive fish aggregating devices (fad’s) which destroy the lives of 110 other species in the process of catching the tuna, sea creatures like marlin, rays, dolphins, turtles, sharks etc. the other method we employ is pole and line fishing where we catch our tuna individually using a pole and line, this is 25% more expensive but the oceans are our life, and if we don’t protect them and the marine life, then we have no future, it is for this reason that we use only these two well recognised and safest and most responsible fishing methods for all our tuna. consider our salmon, we are finalising msc certification for our flavoured salmon, which means we ensure that the full chain of custody from fishing port to factory is monitored and responsibly measured, ensuring our entire process is responsible protecting fish stocks for the future as well as the environment. when anyone buys tuna they should ask these three questions
1) how was it caught?
2) where was it caught?
3) what impact is this product having on our sea life and ocean health ?




recipes to try

please click here to see our full recipe list










our products




  

view products


tuna


  

view products


salmon


  

view products


sardines


  

view products


specialty







sustainable fishing policy
in fact, a quarter of the planet’s biodiversity is in danger of extinction in the next 30 years*. so now, more than ever, it’s crucial to choose brands that are taking a positive stand for marine life. safcol has made a pledge to do everything possible to protect the health of our oceans. so now you can enjoy great tasting tuna and protect fragile marine life.


  


view our sustainable fishing policy







if you have a question or comment about safcol,
or any safcol products you can contact us by






po box 1085, elizabeth vale,south australia 5112





1800 819 785





mail@safcol.com.au
















productssardines
tuna
salmon
mussels & oysters




 




quick linkshome
about us
safcol products
all recipes
blog
contact





about safcolour story
safcol
health & nutrition
environment
what type of fish is it?
how was it caught?
where was it caught?





other location
new south wales officeoffice 101a, 8 century circuit, northwest business centre,
norwest
nsw, 2153
+61 2 8852 2100safcol fish marketsafcol central fish
market adelaide, 54-58 london rd,
mile end, sa, australia 5031
+61 8 8234 0177adelaide head office189 philip highway, elizabeth south,
sa 5112
+61 8 8282 1000




buy now



 



 



 









facebooktwitterinstagram 



privacy policy
disclaimer
 © 2025 safcol australia australia – the seafood experts australia pty ltd. all rights reserved.















 

homeabout▼our storysafcolhealth & nutritionenvironmentproducts▼no net tunatunasalmonsardinesspecialty productsrecipesblogfish marketcontact us 










 























