 ophthalmologist and optometrist in dearborn michigan        skip to main content

  
menu    
homeabout useye surgery instituteour doctorstestimonialsfaqhow did we do?services–all servicesage-related macular degenerationcataract evaluationcataract surgerydiabetic retinopathydry eyes syndrome–epi-lasek vs lasikglaucomamacular degenerationmyopia | refractive errorsred eyesophthalmologistoptometristopticianeye care centerinsights–age-related macular degenerationblepharitiscataractsdiabetes–dry eyeseye examinationeye examinationseye myths–floatersglaucomaheadacheslasik–monovisionpediatricred eyesrefractive errorpatient centerbook appointmentpayment optionscontact us313-582-8856homeabout useye surgery instituteour doctorstestimonialsfaqhow did we do?services–all servicesage-related macular degenerationcataract evaluationcataract surgerydiabetic retinopathydry eyes syndrome–epi-lasek vs lasikglaucomamacular degenerationmyopia | refractive errorsred eyesophthalmologistoptometristopticianeye care centerinsights–age-related macular degenerationblepharitiscataractsdiabetes–dry eyeseye examinationeye examinationseye myths–floatersglaucomaheadacheslasik–monovisionpediatricred eyesrefractive errorpatient centerbook appointmentpayment optionscontact us313-582-8856
close search
 eye doctor in dearbornexperience life with clear visionbook appointmentour missionat eye surgery institute, we take the time to get to know you and your vision needs. our ophthalmologist, optometrist, and eye doctor in dearborn, michigan, offer comprehensive eye exams, accurate vision correction, and diagnosing and treating eye conditions. trust us to maintain and improve your eyesight, ensuring a lifetime of clear and healthy vision. call us today to schedule your appointment and start seeing your best! we genuinely believe that exceptional eye care extends beyond medical expertise—it encompasses compassion, understanding, and a personal touch. our mission is to positively impact your life by enhancing your vision and overall eye health.more about usalaina kronenberg, m.d.ophthalmologistcindy wang, o.d.medical optometristserving residents of dearborn for more than 60 yearssight is often considered one of the most important senses. impaired vision can be troublesome and can be a major inconvenience when it starts to affect your independence and everyday life. the eye surgery institute in dearborn, mi, is the place to go if you are searching for cataract surgery or general eye doctors in detroit, michigan.we have more than 60 years of experience providing eye exams, cataract surgery and other procedures to residents throughout the area, including lasik surgery that can restore your vision and eliminate the need for contacts or glasses. we are a full service ophthalmologist practice in dearborn with a staff of some of the best eye doctors in the area.call us 313-582-8856what does full-service practice mean?you may have been searching through a long list of local eye doctors with uncertainty. if you feel as if you have hit a dead end in your search and are unsure of what services they offer, what services you need, and what conditions they treat, we are here for you. we are a full-service eye doctor in dearborn, mi. come see us for an eye exam and let our eye doctors help you correct your vision through whatever means necessary.we can treat conditions like nearsightedness, farsightedness, astigmatism, glaucoma, diabetic retinopathy, macular degeneration, and cataracts. we offer cataract surgery and lasik eye surgery for those who can’t resolve their eyesight through corrective lenses. we are the eye surgery institute and are waiting to help you enjoy life again!as your eye doctor in dearborn, we provide superior vision solutionswe take pride in offering a full range of treatment options to address all your eye care needs. whether you require a routine eye examination, prescription eyewear, contact lens fittings, advanced diagnostics, or even surgical interventions, our dedicated team of professionals provides exceptional care and guidance.our servicespersonal treatments for every patientglasses and contact lenses cataracts glaucoma macular degeneration refractive errors diabetic eye disease testimonials“this eye institute is wonderful!!!!!! it’s always a pleasure coming here…. my whole family comes to see dr. kronenberg!!!!  majesty d“dr. wang and the team at eye surgery institute always takes great care of me and my family.  sydney f.“dr kronenberg is awesome always a great visit she takes time to explain whats going on versus just wanting to get you in and out.  michael s“i appreciated the hard work and dedication of dr. kronenberg, as her patient in the success of my well being. vanessa and the staff that you for hard work and dedication. freedonia walker  freedonia w“dr. want in all her assistance are very professional, personal caring and thorough. i would recommend the eye institute and dr. wang 100%.  sandra kfrequently asked questionsdo we accept appointments?we highly recommend you make an appointment. if you are having an emergency or urgent issue, please call our office at 313-582-8856 as we do accept same day appointments.  we offer convenient appointment times.how often should i visit the ophthalmologist or optometrist?for routine visits we recommend yearly examinations.  many patients that we care for have eye diseases such as glaucoma, cataracts and macular degeneration that require more frequent visits to properly manage their diseases.what services do we offer?we provide comprehensive eye care including management of cataracts including cataract surgery, glaucoma treatments, macular degeneration, diabetic eye care, dry eye management, allergies and red eyes, glasses and contact lenses including specialty contact lenses for keratoconus and post rk.is it necessary to schedule an appointment to fill a glasses or contact lens prescription?an appointment in our optical department is not necessary.  we are open monday through friday.  wednesdays we are open 7:30am-5:00pm and monday, tuesday, thursday and friday we are open 9am-5pm.how long is a prescription valid for?a glasses or contact lens prescription is valid for 1 year. 


contact info
15212 michigan ave ste #1dearborn, mi 48126phone: 313-582-8856office hours
mon& wed: 7:30am -3:30pm 
tue, thur & fri: 9am-5pm
sat & sun: closedfollow us©2025 eye surgery institute. designed and managed by vizisites. terms of use. website accessibility.we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.


necessary							

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.

non-necessary							

non-necessary
any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
save & accept       



