




the farecraft papers




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































zechs_farecraft
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














zechs_farecraft







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







the farecraft papers 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 20 most recent journal entries recorded in
andrew's livejournal:

[ << previous 20 ]

tuesday, july 18th, 20067:30 pm
 party at my house on aug 8th 4-11pm. all are invited.please rsvp here or though some other form of comunication. 
(3 comments |comment on this)saturday, july 15th, 20062:15 am
 questions:1.) what is your schedule for next year?2.) would you ever adopt kids?3.) what is your greatest fear in life? 
(2 comments |comment on this)friday, july 7th, 20063:51 pm
 new york has upheld it's stance on the outlawing of gay marriage.fuckers. 
(1 comment |comment on this)sunday, july 2nd, 20066:38 pm
 i have returned. 
(2 comments |comment on this)saturday, june 24th, 20061:13 am
 i'm leaving. do not attempt to contact me because you'll never reach me. don't attempt to find me becuase you won't. i hope you all enjoyed the run, it was fun i suppose. goodnight and goodbye.zechs farecraft, the black rose, signing out... 
(1 comment |comment on this)friday, june 23rd, 200612:58 am
 some quotes because i'm odd like that:"one of the main causes of the fall of the roman empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their c programs." (it's ok, you have to be a programmer to understand this one.)"later that day i got to thinking about relationships. there are those that open you up to something new and exotic, those that are old and familiar, those that bring up lots of questions, those that bring you somewhere unexpected, those that bring you far from where you started, and those that bring you back. but the most exciting, challenging and significant relationship of all is the one you have with yourself. and if you can find someone to love the you you love, well, that's just fabulous. "(this one was brought to you be the lovely people from sex in the city)"end? no, the journey doesn't end here. death is just another path... one that we all must take. the grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all change to silver glass. white shores... and beyond. the far green country under a swift sunrise. "(only a wizard could have said it better...oh wait a wizard did say that)"when you go home, tell them of us and say: 'for your tomorrow we gave our today.'"(dedicated to my sister...may she serve her country well and honorably.)"when we are at the end of life, to die means to go away; when we are at the beginning, to go away means to die."(funny how those thing work)"they say that "guns don't kill people, people kill people." well i think the gun helps. if you just stood there and yelled bang, i don't think you'd kill too many people. "(bang bang bang....blast! this damn thing never works!)our generation has had no great war, no great depression. our war is spiritual. our depression is our lives. (inspired...truely inspired)"if the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a rolls-royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. "(it's really a shame this never happened.)c makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; c++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg. (it's so true) 
(comment on this)thursday, june 22nd, 200610:55 pm
 questions of the day:1.) how easy is it for you to lose contact with someone completely? whould you mourn the loss or forget about them? 2.) do you fear death? why or why not? 3.) do you have a checking account? what about a credit card? 
(3 comments |comment on this)wednesday, june 21st, 200610:10 pm
 questions of the day:1.) in your opinion, with todays fast growing world economy and the removal of trade barriers, is the outsourcing of jobs from the united states positive, negitive or netural? if negitive what whould you suggest we do to solve this problem?2.) what is your favorite kind of mint?3.) is casual sex to be condoned? 
(3 comments |comment on this)4:18 pm
 according to a pentagon document homosexuality is still defined as a mental disorder, decades after mental health experts abandoned that position. ...twas in tuesday's paper. fools... 
(comment on this)tuesday, june 20th, 200612:07 am
 questions1.) do you flirt with people often? why? 2.) what is your favorite musical? 3.) could you live without your cell phone? if no, why not? 
(3 comments |comment on this)monday, june 19th, 20061:15 am
 questions:1.) would you ever kill anyone? why?2.) what is your favorite comic?3.) what is the best word ever? 
(2 comments |comment on this)sunday, june 18th, 20063:29 am
 questions of the day:1.) you see someone you know but are unsure of how your relationships stands with them (good bad akward..etc.) what would you do in said situation?2.) which is better gold or silver?3.) are you a safe driver? 
(3 comments |comment on this)friday, june 16th, 200612:01 am
 questions of the day:1.) do you believe in "true love"?2.) what is your position on the war in iraq?3.) what color is the best color for cows? 
(4 comments |comment on this)thursday, june 15th, 20068:13 pm
 questions of the day: 1.) do you believe we should continue research on cloning? why?2.) how many people are in your family and what are their names?3.) how often do you think about sex? and how often do you think about men/women that you like? 
(8 comments |comment on this)wednesday, june 14th, 20061:18 pm
 ok here is the deal...i'm going to post 3 questions. your going to answer them. and no trick answers that basically avoid you answering the question. thank you :).1.) if the had to choose between loving someone totally and not being loved back, dieing brutally, or being completely paralized for life. what whould you choose and why?2.) what is your favorite book and movie?3.) what is one thing of which you are embarrassed? 
(13 comments |comment on this)3:38 am
 alexi is dead. she died tonight while sleeping. she felt no pain. she was the most loyal friend i could ever ask for or that i've ever had. she was always there for me at all time of the night to imbrase me in her warmth. she was family...and now she is gone. i will never forget you alexi, you were my first and i will never forget you. i love you. this is for you alexi, i know you loved this song:"hello darkness, my old friend,ive come to talk with you again,because a vision softly creeping,left its seeds while i was sleeping,and the vision that was planted in my brainstill remainswithin the sound of silence.in restless dreams i walked alonenarrow streets of cobblestone,neath the halo of a street lamp,i turned my collar to the cold and dampwhen my eyes were stabbed by the flash ofa neon lightthat split the nightand touched the sound of silence.and in the naked light i sawten thousand people, maybe more.people talking without speaking,people hearing without listening,people writing songs that voices never shareand no one deareddisturb the sound of silence.fools said i,you do not knowsilence like a cancer grows.hear my words that i might teach you,take my arms that i might reach you.but my words like silent raindrops fell,and echoedin the wells of silenceand the people bowed and prayedto the neon god they made.and the sign flashed out its warning,in the words that it was forming.and the signs said, the words of the prophetsare written on the subway wallsand tenement halls.and whisperd in the sounds of silence." 
(comment on this)tuesday, june 13th, 20062:02 pm
 grr finding a job sucks. 
(comment on this)thursday, june 8th, 200610:23 pm
 summer is the time where boredom strikes...and i do see it now. my good friend boredom is here at last! yay! 
(5 comments |comment on this)monday, june 5th, 200611:06 pm
 so yeah i was bussing tonight and all the sudden waitresses started giving me money and i was like whoa and they were like "thats for being so great!" and i was like "?????" so then i decide to use it to pick up the tab on my sisters table because she's amazing so i pick her tab up and give the waitress that was helping my sister a very well earned tip because she did awesome tonight and it was slowerish. anyway, i don't like having friends in bad moods. i want them all to be happy and loving and smiles. so be happy and loving and smiles or so help me god i will kidnap your kids (if you end up having kids ) and then clone them 100 times and return them all to you...their legal parent!!!! get it, got it, good. 
(comment on this)12:42 am
 ok...two reasons for this post. first. my boss told me today to slack off and told me i wasn't allowed to help any of the servers. so, i basically walked around the restruant doing absolutely nothing. second, i'm not in a terrible mood as some of you might have noticed. my suggested remedy is to watch where you tread for the next few days because i'm likely to snap at you or in special curcumstances i will be privy to violent outbursts and actions. thank you for your cooperation.if i'm already pissed at you or might become pissed at you i would also suggest staying away. if your unsure become sure before you decide to try anything. i don't intend to hurt anyone's feelings so don't take it personally if i completely ignore you or hang up on you before you even say anything and for no apparent reason. thanks again for your cooperation. 
(comment on this)

[ << previous 20 ]





about livejournal.com































