kelken construction systems – chemical structural anchoring systems and accessories          
  productskelken productskeligroutkeligrout 101-pkeligritkelislip101-p hand dispenserpowerpush dispenserpermanent anchorsremovable anchorsroughening bitside cut bitatc productsprojectsrailroad & bridgemarine & watersite constructiontoweraviationcontactnewsletter732-416-6730  kelken anchoring products see our full line of anchoring products learn more retrofit anchoring systemssee actual customer usage examples learn more kelken and atc productsatc northeast distribution and support arm learn more contact kelken today732-416-6730 learn morekelken chemical structural anchoring systemsover 40 dots, the army corps of engineers, the fhwa, the bureau of reclamation and others accept, specify and buy our anchoring products. kelken products have stood up to the rigors of time in thousands of new and retrofit applications involving millions of anchors.  keligrout™ is fhwa approved for both temporary and permanent precast concrete barrier installations and structures.   kelken products kelken construction systems chemical and structural anchoring products based around keligrout and kelianchors.    retrofit retrofit projects kelken resin, anchors and accessories are a perfect fit for your industrial retrofit projects.    atc products adhesives technology corporation kelken is also the northeast distributing and support arm for atc products.    projects on the job examples real on the job examples of kelken products in use. various use cases are highlighted.    contact get in touch with us need answers fast? save time, give us a call at right now at 732-416-6730.    newsletter sign up for info low volume mailing list for more information about kelken products. standing the test of timekelken installations have withstood hurricanes hugo and andrew and anchored the los angeles and new york light transit system. we have taken the pounding wave actions of the florida keys, and the ice flows of alaskan rivers. we have been used underwater on coast guard projects as well as new england utility and new york power dams. we've been installed on army corps of engineer locks in mid-winter in upstate new york. the u.s. navy uses us to anchor the cable arrestors on concrete runways in oahu, hawaii and norfolk, virginia. the fhwa has verified crash tests of trucks at 51 mph into jersey barriers. kelken product are used for anchoring light poles, high mast lighting, 150 ft. high energy windmills, turbines, paper rolling equipment and automatic rack retrieval systems.our products safely secure everything from "jersey" barriers to "high mast" lighting poles and are used for anchoring 150' high energy producing windmills, light poles, high mast lighting, turbines, paper rolling equipment, crane rail, automatic rack retrieval systems and more.  732-416-6730 fax    732-416-6733sales@kelken.comdesigned, hosted and maintained by wso.hostcopyright © 2025 kelken construction systemsall rights reserved.kelken.com save timesave time! directly contact an anchoring expert and product advisor who will to listen to your project needs.732-416-6730prefer email? contact sales or use our contact form.  close             