


starting a daycare - a comprehensive start up guide kit




 
   click 
here to order now   
  don't 
even  think about starting a daycare business until you read this!
new, no-brainer, easy-to-use 
package offers you a chance to create a fun, rewarding home daycare that leaves 
those big corporate "kiddy farms" in the dust! from: 
cindy cohen dear friend,if 
you're thinking about starting a home daycare business, one that you can run from 
the convenience of your own home, and you're looking to spend as little as possible 
to get started, then you're in for a wild ride here.here's 
what this is all about: my name is cindy cohen, and i've just written a special 
report on how to start a home daycare business so quickly and easily, you could 
be up and running sooner than you ever thought possible. this amazing guide is 
unlike anything else out there, in fact, it's more like a step-by-step blueprint 
for creating the home daycare business of your dreams!let's 
face it, starting a daycare can be an extremely confusing thing... if you don't 
have someone to hold your hand through the whole process.if 
you're anything like me, the last thing you want to worry about are all the tiny 
details that go along with starting a new business. that's why i know you're going 
to be delighted after you read this page, because there's finally a resource that 
will...guide 
you every step of the way!let me ask you 
something... can you answer  "yes" to any of these questions?
do you love children, and have a  "natural instinct" 
for taking great care of them?  do 
you  "just know" that you'd make a fantastic daycare owner, if 
you only knew how to start one?  are 
you  appalled by how some of those "kiddy farm" corporate daycare 
centers treat people (you and i know that they're only in it for the money).if 
you can honestly answer "yes" to at least one of those questions, then 
i believe you have what it takes to run the absolute best daycare in your town... 
 the kind of daycare you wish existed right now...  
the kind you know people need. 
 all 
you need is someone to hold your hand and walk you through the processand 
here's the good news... now you can get up and running in a matter of weeks when 
you use my new special report as your guide.by 
reading this report, you'll learn more than you could possibly gain by going to 
high-priced seminars, reading complicated daycare management books, or wasting 
money with expensive business consultants (who tell you the exact same stuff that's 
covered in my report - in plain english). 
wait stop! take 
just a minute to grab yourself a free copy of the my new mini-course
  free 
mini-course   "5 
secrets of creating a profitable daycare"
(they work every time!)
 
 
 first 
name   e-mail address 
  
you 
will receive the first lesson in a matter of seconds. * your information will 
never be sold or shared with anyone. i respect your privacy and hate spam 
with a passion .  
 here's 
a list of what this amazing new manual will teach you...
how to build an amazingly profitable daycare that will 
leave everyone else in your neighborhood wondering what the heck you're doing 
to get so much business!  discover 
what those important first steps are as i walk you through the process of getting 
started. you'll learn exactly what to do first, second, third... and so on.
are you curious 
to know how much money the average daycare owner makes? you'll discover 
exactly what  your income potential is.  be 
the first on your block to discover how to advertise your daycare on a 
shoestring budget - perfect if you're just getting started.  where 
the best places to advertise your daycare are... especially the local places right 
in your neighborhood that nobody else even knows about!  lean 
how to quickly and easily bring your daycare up to full capacity, insuring 
you'll make maximum money for your time (plus, here's a secret... parents 
prefer to bring their kids to a daycare that is already busy... here's how you 
can put their minds at ease by showing them a full daycare in no time at all). 
 use 
our proven pricing strategy for coming up with your daycare rates... insuring 
that you'll be perceived as the best bargain in town, while still making a big 
profit! (example: should you charge for the days that the child is absent 
or on vacation? should you charge by the hour, day or week? you'll learn all about 
the best ways to set your rates from an experienced pro.)  avoid 
the common mistakes beginners make when setting their rates that cost them a small 
fortune over time.  learn 
how to attract only high-quality clients and the 'right' 
kids  (and why skipping this step is a surefire way to make sure your work 
day is a living hell!)  learn 
the smart way to interview parents when they come to you for service.  learn 
what kind of forms and information you should provide the parents 
-  hint: if you don't use the right forms in the beginning, there will 
almost definitely be problems down the road when parents question your policies. 
by starting out right, you'll avoid these time (and money) wasting hassles. 
 how 
to create a simple document that will separate you from every other daycare provider 
in your area  (this one always impresses the parents big time)!  learn 
the most important things to include in your contract for clients  (do 
not forget to include these items, or you'll have big problems down the road). 
 learn 
how to talk to parents about any problems with their children in a way that gets 
them on  your side & agreeing 
with you, rather than fighting and arguing.  learn 
what to do when parents get behind with payments that will stop late payments 
in their tracks.  learn 
what to do when a child has not been picked up from your daycare.  how 
to handle situations with difficult or irrational parents. trust 
me, they exist... and now you'll know exactly what to do if you ever encounter 
them.  an 
easy way to figure out what parts of your home are perfect for daycare use, and 
which spots you should keep children away from.  the 
five most important things to remember when running a daycare business 
(and why the financial rewards are yours for the claiming when you know these) 
 discover 
the most educational and fun games for the children in your care. imagine the 
look on the parent's face when they see that their child is actually  
excited about going to daycare!.  learn 
what supplies are needed for each specific age group.  find 
out how many toys you should have available when first getting started 
(and the best places to find inexpensive toys, equipment, and supplies).  learn 
how many children you can be in charge of legally (and how you can safely 
avoid going over the limit - a common beginners mistake).   how 
to determine if your home or center is safe for children (you'll never 
have to second guess yourself).   how 
to determine what toys are legally or not legally compliant 
- hint: you'd never believe how easy it is for an non-compliant toy to 
make it's way into your daycare.   discover 
what the perfect meals are for your daycare - both nutritious and tasty, you'll 
see nothing but smiling faces when it's lunch time!  
... and much more - so 
much more!as you can see, 
you can build a much better daycare by learning all these tips, tricks & time 
saving shortcuts that, until recently, were known only to a handful of high-end 
daycare owners (who usually ended up creating massive, multi-location businesses 
in their local area).and the good news is that 
now you gain instant access to all my daycare secrets right away!
 this 
is a great way for you to reach inside my bag of tricks, so you can get busy starting 
your daycare right away!after 
you pour through this easy-to-follow guide, you'll be amazed at all the new options 
that are available to you. whether you want to just  expand your babysitting 
business, or you want to create a full-blown home daycare... you 
need the kind of insider's information that will take you 
into the top 1% of all daycare owners.you'll 
not only make more money each and every day, and have more fun doing it, but you'll 
also save a ton of money by avoiding all the common pitfalls that suck money out 
of your pocket, and suck the fun out of your career. so 
how much does it cost for me to take you by the hand and help you create a thriving 
daycare?
a lot less than you think.think 
about how much it would cost for you to learn all this stuff through trial and 
error. it would take you years of effort, and thousands of wasted dollars just 
to learn the lessons on the first 25 pages!but 
you won't have to spend thousands of dollars to learn this valuable information. 
you won't even spent hundreds. the price that we're offering this guide to the 
general public for is $59.95.but 
i'm going to make an even better offer to you.since 
this special downloadable report is just being released, and you don't know me 
personally yet, i'm going to give you a chance to let me prove my 
claims to you absolutely risk-free. for 
a very limited time, i'm offering this 
report at the low price of just $29.95 (that's half 
of the original price!).yep, you heard 
me right. you can learn how to start your very own home daycare for less than 
the cost of a cheap date! that's a painless drop in 
the bucket when you consider that you'll easily save yourself hundreds of hours 
& thousands of dollars worth of painful mistakes. 

   bonus:when 
you place your order today, you'll also receive 2 professional sample business 
plans, 30 financial forms, and business letters. ($197 value). 
you get all of the necessary forms that are needed to operate a childcare business. 
you will have everything you need to manage your cash flow and do your record 
keeping. these forms will make running your daycare a breeze!

   plus, 
you can try this amazing daycare building system risk-free for a full 56 
days!  you 
can have instant access to all of my secrets risk free for 56 days! if you are 
ever dissatisfied for any reason, i will issue you a full and complete refund 
with no questions asked. you just need to let me know within 56 days of starting 
your coaching. i can't get any more fair than that. i want to treat you the way 
i wish other businesses treated me.  getting 
started is easy! here's what you do...simply 
click the order link below, and you'll be taken to our quick and easy order page. 
once you place your order, you'll be instantly taken to the download page, where 
you can download this guide right to your computer. you can even print it out 
if you want.is it really that 
easy? yes it is!go ahead and 
place your order right now, and see what all the fuss is about. you have absolutely 
nothing to lose, and a whole new rewarding career to gain. i hope this is not 
the end, but the beginning of our relationship. go ahead and order right now.warmly, 
cindy cohen
 p.s. 
not sure yet? there's 
a lot that you need to learn in order your own daycare business. this guide will 
take you every step of the way. you'll shave a months (if not years) off your 
learning curve, and you'll get up and running faster than you ever imagined.p.p.s. 
aren't you sick 
of just dreaming about owning your own home daycare? you have have an opportunity 
to do something about it. this amazing guide is backed by our 100% risk-free guarantee. 
if you're ever unhappy with it, you can get your money back right away. go ahead 
and place your order right now. starting 
a daycare 1563 solano ave., #306 berkeley, california 94707contact 
uscopyright 
 - startingadaycare.com

affiliate 
programlink 
partners

