ï»¿


krnet internet list

krnet - email list for kr experimental aircraft builders and pilots



updated october 2023 - fixed link to robert pesak's kr2s








krnet is a free internet mailing list devoted to helping kr builders and pilots to construct and fly their kr aircraft more safely and efficiently.    this is the place to get your kr questions answered.  there are over 600 kr builders and pilots available to help you with problems that you may have concerning construction.  it's a friendly group of folks who thrive on helping others.  there are about 5-15 messages posted to the net each day.  if you can't find it here, you're not gonna find it.   



the first step to joining krnet is to create a member account at the krnet hosting site at https://list.krnet.org/mailman/listinfo/krnet .  you'll be asked for your email address and a screen name.  after that's done, please send an email message to
 krnet-owner@list.krnet.org
 stating that you are requesting to be added to the krnet list.  along with this, please write a few sentences on who you are (name, address, and phone number), and why you'd like to join krnet. this information will go no further than the list administrators (mark langford and john bouyea), and is used only to root out spammers. the last thing we need is to give away several hundred email addresses to spammers and scammers.


 please search the  krnet archive for information on specific topics.
 
 
  

 
 chris pryce's corvair powered kr2s on his first flight, coming in for a smooth landing.  
 
 
  

 
 netherlander stef den boer's kr2s.  he and his father have labored for years to create this gorgeous 1200cc bmw powered airplane.  photo is from an early flight with test pilot and stef's father.  
see  the link to their exhaustive website detailing the contruction of this awesome airplane.  it' worth mentioning that only a few years ago, the fuselage was a kr2, and they stretched it very smoothly into kr2s length!
  

 
 roger baalman's kr2s+ (it has an extra bay in the rear of the fuselage), as seen parking at terry chizek's bbq in marion kansas.  roger's plane won the "bronze lindy" award at "airventure" 2019 in oshkosh, despite being well hidden behind a huge field of rvs.  congratulations roger, job well done!



the "official" 2023 kr gathering  will be held at   "kmvn", mount vernon, illinois on friday september 14th through sunday 16th, 2023.  more details on the 2023 gathering and registration for the event can be seen at   http://www.krgathering.net, and a link to order shirts and hats, to be picked up at the gathering.  the die-hards will show up on thursday the 7th, just to get a head start! 



   you can expect about 10-20 krs to fly in  for the gathering, depending on the weather.  2007 was a record, with 21 flying krs in attendance.   this is the place to put your hands on real kr aircraft, as well as talk to about a hundred other builders and pilots, so don't miss it!  if you're light and lucky, you might just get a ride in one.  you won't likely forget it soon either. the die-hards will arrive after lunch on thursday, the 7th.  for an idea of what you'll see at the gathering, check the links below.


the next kr builders and pilots forum will be held at the oshkosh forum area in 2023, probably on monday morning at 11:00 (eaa schedule is still pending finalization).  mark langford will lead the group in a discussion of issues concerning kr builders and pilots, including modifications, engine choices, first flights, etc.  after the forum, attendees will be invited to look over the krs that have flown in, which will likely be parked near homebuilt headquarters again.



the links below feature various kr projects under construction to provide some insight into the kr building process.  there are also links to finished and flying krs, just in case you need a little inspiration.  you can also search the krnet website for keywords: 







 only search the krnet website




kr2s projects under construction:

mark langford's highly modified kr2s and online builder's manual (flying, but still under construction!) 
don reid's radical kr2xl
lynn hyder's narrowed "1930's" kr1
tim brown's kr2s
argentina's eduardo barros' radical fuselage kr2
a newer eduardo barros' kr2 site
bob lee's kr2
herbert fã¼rle's kr2s
steve andersen's kr2s
ed blocher's kr2s
   jaco swanepoel's south african kr2s
 kenneth gerow's kr2
 rick farley's kr2s
 scott watt's "kr super 2"
 wayne bone's australian kr2s+
 dubi gefen's isreali kr2s
 carlos carvalho's brazillian kr2
 t & s holland kr-2s 
 paul smith's aussie kr-2s 
 craig williams' seafury-like kr2s - built by mark jones 
bernie wunder's kr2s
 jon kimmel's highly modified kr2s
 alberto zorsi's italian kr2s
 seth jersild's kr2s
 chris pryce's kr2s
 matt quimby's kr2
 gary hamilton's stretched kr1.5

completed krs, with most recent completions at the bottom:
n133rm, built by roy marsh, and became the prototype for the kr2s 
update to n133rm....renovation by john bouyea 
bobby muse's kr2 
 randy hebron's kr2
troy petteway's kr2 
ken thomas's  kr2s 
jim hill's kr2 n58dr
david stuart's kr2s (new zealand)
steve trentman's turbine powered kr2t
graham schott's kr2 (australia)
joe beyer's kr2
orma robbins' kr2
petros avramidis' greek kr2
dean selby's kr2s
chris gardiner's canadian kr2s
owen macpherson's canadian kr2 c-ggfw
kevin kelly's kr100
bill crawford's kr2s
charlie reeves' kr2
christian kogelmann's kr2s
jim faughn's kr2
willie wilson's kr2
ken atkinson's british kr2
 larry flesner's 0-200 powered kr2s
steve jones' award winning kr2
antonio simone's kr1, argentina
steve makish's kr2
bill page's kr2
bill clapp's kr2s
mark jones' kr2s
mark langford's highly modified kr2s
 pat russo's kr2
 jeff york's kr2
jeff scott's kr2s
joe horton's kr2s
 serge vidal's south african kr2
 phil bookman's british kr2
 john martindale's aussie kr2s
dan heath's kr2
phil matheson's kr2
marcel driessen's kr2s
 pete brautigam's kr2s
rob schmitt's kr2s
 chip vaughn's kr2
 jim raleigh's kr2
 ken jones' kr2 "porkopolis pig"
 david goodmans' kr2s
 benito baldominos baldominos' spanish "kr2sb"
 rick human's kr2
 brad ankerstar's kr2
 rudi venter's south african kr2
robert gill's australian kr2
 robert pesak's highly modified kr2s
 mike sylvester's kr2s
 roger baalman's kr2s
 stef den boer's dutch kr2s
 chris pryce's corvair powered kr2s

events

'94 columbia, tn gathering photos 
'95 columbia, tn gathering photos 
'96 pine bluff, arkansas gathering photos 
'97 perry, ok gathering photos 
'98 columbia, tn "east coast gathering" photos 
'98 perry, ok gathering photos 
'99 lake barkley, ky gathering photos 
2000 oshkosh photos 
2000 lake barkley, ky gathering photos 
 2001 oshkosh photos 
2001 pine bluff, arkansas kr gathering photos .
2002 red oak, iowa kr gathering photos .
2003 red oak, iowa kr gathering photos.
2004 mount vernon gathering photos.
2005 mount vernon gathering photos.
2006 mount vernon gathering photos by el miller and  glenda mcelwee.
2008 kr gathering photos
2009 and more recent kr gathering photos
big gap here, as the gathering website was hosted elsewhere, others took the photos, and then the photos were lost.  i have my own of course, which i will try to post later.
 2015 mcminnville, oregon gathering, hosted by dan pritchard. 
 2016 kr gathering at mount vernon, il, hosted by larry flesner and chris collins.
 2017 kr gathering at lee's summit, mo, hosted by rob schmitt.
 2018  kr gathering at mount vernon, il, hosted by a committee of kr builders and flyers.  photos taken and posted by john bouyea.
 2019  kr gathering at mount vernon, il, again hosted by a committee of kr builders and flyers.  photos taken and posted by john bouyea.


one good resource for new or prospective builders is  "the kr gospel, according to mark". 


rob schmitt created and posted a  kr2s inspection checklist for his plane  in word format for those looking for a good head start on this important process. 


there is an old but informative  krnet faq  that is full of building tips.
 there is a lot of stuff there, so please check it out before asking the same old questions on krnet.  

in 2014 there was an eaa webinar devoted to the kr series  that is an overview of modifications, engines, flying characteristics, etc.  please forgive the "iron lung" sound effects...the mic was too close.


there's a very informative  "kr performance" spreadsheet ) in web viewable html form that details performance numbers (speed, stall, weight, prop, engine, carb, etc)  of many of today's flying krs.  the excel spreadsheet version  kr info, so if you'd like to add a line or update yours, please send it to mark langford for inclusion into the performance spreadsheet


 please utilize the krnet "mail archive" search engine at krnet archive  to check for immediate answers to your questions.  this search engine has every email posted to krnet since 2003, so whatever you're looking for, it's probably there! thanks to john boyeau for doing all the leg work to make this happen.
 


the  krnet list archive site  is a list of all email messages posted in the last few years, listed chronologically. this archive is not as extensive and only goes back a few years, so it is best used as a backup. 

the krnet archives is also run by john bouyea, and has almost all of krnet's correspondence since the earliest days. 


a low-drag airfoil was designed back in the early 2000's specifically for the kr2s, in a cooperative effort between several krnetters and the university of illinois.  it has now become the "standard" airfoil for krs of all types.  see details at the   as504x airfoil site 


 the kr newsletter was published as a means to discuss ideas, building and flying techniques, etc.  all issues  are posted on  the kr newsletter page. reproduction of the kr newsletter artwork with permission of larry capps.

 
  

mike sylvester's o-200 powered kr2s has a simple but elegant paint job that's unique among krs.  simple is the theme with mike's kr, and it works!  
 



robert pesak's o-200 powered kr2s has a unique one-piece wing that mounts from below the fuselage, along with some other well-made improvements, such as an aluminum plenum box system, with integral oil cooler.
 
 


rob schmitt continues the kr education kyle micklewait got during rob's kr orientation flight, a few minutes earlier.  this is what the kr gathering is all about...the opportunity for builders to talk to other builders and pilots, and toward completion, get a little kr stick time in to prepare for first flight.


this is  south african kr2, zs-vyz, originally built by martin clark in 1985, owned by ferdi koekemoer when this was taken, and now owned by rudi venter.  it is fitted with a 2400cc turbocharged and intercooled volkswagen as well as a 59inch hoffman in-flight adjustable prop.  i must say it has aged well, for a 24 year old airplane!  for more details, see rudi's zs-vyz page


don reid has scanned and posted all known sport aviation articles dealing featuring krs.  while you're there, check out the rest of his highly engineered kr-2xl!

rick junkin, a professional f-15 test pilot, published a 
kr2s flight test plan back in 1998, specifically for the kr2s.  you'd be crazy not to read this before flight testing your kr....it is truly excellent work!


if you are getting ready to make your first flight, be sure to check out jim faughn's "how to make a perfect kr landing" site.


rob schmitt has posted a kr2s pilot operating handbook, provided as a template for others to use.

 kronline   was a free online electronic kr newsletter devoted to sharing information with other kr builders and pilots in a timely manner.  only a few "issues" were created, but they are chock full of valuable information gained from the experience of many web oriented kr builders.  check it out!


there's a word document that details kr accidents listed in the faa's database, at  http://www.n56ml.com/kraccidents.doc , although it is several years old and could use an update.


there is also a "corvaircraft" list devoted to the corvair engines in aircraft. unfortunately, the company hosting the list is "rudderless" at the moment (due to sudden death of the owner), and we are unable to add new members to the list.  if this ever gets fixed, you may subscribe by visiting  http://list.corvaircraft.org/mailman/admin/corvaircraft_list.corvaircraft.org  and subscribing online, or simply by sending an email to corvaircraft@list.corvaircraft.org. the corvaircraft list still exists, but traffic is relatively low, and is fairly quiet lately.


 there are several corvair experts on the list, and experimenters who are flying behind corvairs in krs, pietpenpols, zeniths, and sonex's (cleanex), and working to install them in several other homebuilt aircraft.  

the corvaircraft email list archive is located at
http://list.corvaircraft.org/mailman/private/corvaircraft_list.corvaircraft.org/ .  




there is an alternative aircraft engine list devoted to the use of vw and 1/2 vw engines, as well as other automotive and motorcycle engines, in aircraft.  for information on how to join, as well as access to their archives, visit the 
vw aircraft engine list webpage. 
 this is very good stuff for those interested in volkswagen engines especially.

 
 

john martindale of australia, in formation with ...





suppliers of kr parts:

nvaero, llc,  23052h alicia parkway #413,  mission viejo, ca 92692 
 (800.515.4811)
     official supplier of kr parts, blessed by rand robinson.  manufacturer of the composite kr1, kr2 and kr2s parts, mechanical assemblies such as flap mechanism and control sticks, canopies,  kr plans,, and kits. 
 


great plains aviation, 32266 s 4525 road
afton, ok 74331-5553, phone (402) 493-6507  
     vw based aircraft powerplants and accessories.  lots of good stuff that can't be found anywhere else, and at reasonable prices. email is info@greatplainsas.com.
     
corvair (aircraft engine) authority,  5000-18 hwy 17 #247, orange park, fl  32003.   (904) 529-0006 	corvair conversion manual, and all the parts to do the job.


tracy o'brien, llc, 156 bunker creek road,  chehalis,   wa   98532 
360-748-4089
supplier of kr-sized aircraft brake systems.


grove aircraft company, 1860 joe crosson drive,  el cajon, ca  92020,  (1-888-432-7534)
aluminum landing gear for kr aircraft

ed sterba props, 513 68 street, holmes beach, fl  34217, (941)-778-3103.
wooden propellers for vws and corvairs.

props inc., (541)-265-3032, 
wooden propellers for vws and corvairs, by jeff bertuleit.


revmaster aviation, 
  7146 sante fe avenue east,  hesperia, ca  92345   (760) 244-3074
     vw based aircraft powerplants and accessories, cowlings


wicks aircraft,  
, 410 pine st., highland, il  62249  (618) 654-7447 
       kr kits and components and many other aircraft parts, and my personal favorite (except their web site's obtuse).


aircraft spruce and specialty,  201 w. truslow ave., fullerton, ca  92632  (800) 824-1930 
      kr kits and components and many other aircraft parts

wag aero, 1216 north road,  lyons, wi,  53148  (800) 558-6868 
      wide selection of certified and homebuilt aircraft parts


zenith fuel systems, 
	carburetor source


ellison fluid systems, 
	carburetor source (one of the best, and most expensive).


aero-carb, 
	another slide carburetor source (new on the scene and relatively inexpensive).


advanced composite materials, 
	the most inexpensive source i know of to buy 5.85 ounce 48" wide carbon fiber.


sport flyer's internet resources

everything else you'd ever need to find to build an airplane...



related sites: 


mark lougheed's dragonfly canopy page (excellent!)
naca document library online!
michele boland's aviation page
n-number database
sport flyer's internet resources
avweb
landings.com
bob hoover's "sermons" on vw engines
bob hoover's blog
hoax and virus web site (not really related, but some krnetters need to visit here before posting about the latest scare!).
 


this is joe horton's 3100cc corvair powered kr2s as seen at the 2006 kr gathering.  photo by dave mullins (the guy with the huge honkin' lense!). 



this is  larry flesner's 0-200 powered kr2s, which larry built before the kr2s plans were available.  the whole plane is "upsized" a little to meet larry's 6'-4" frame, and there's still plenty of headroom left!  the workmanship is outstanding, and this plane gave my 2700cc corvair a good run for the money.  i took this picture on the way to the wicks open house in 2010, where we met ron highower, eaa's new president.



mark jones in his "deer slayer" kr2s, on the way to oshkosh for airventure 2009.




this is richard shirley's kr-1.  this thing is nothing short of totally awesome, and his piloting skills are incredible, as well.  there are more photos and details located on the 2001 kr gathering web page.



 kim neibauer  in his newly minted kr2s, at the 2015 kr gathering in mcminnville, oregon.





jim hill's kr2 doing 200mph flyby at hazel green airport,  trying to get a better look at the windsock.  jim's kr2 has now been stretched and converted to tri-gear. 



here's netherlander marcel driessen flying his kr2s.




this is marty roberts in his 0-200 powered kr2.  i took this picture from jim faughn's equally nice kr2.  



this is rick lanning's kr2, the oldest flying kr, originally built by dan diehl in 1976.  



steve glover flew his flawless kr2 all the way from california to make the 2004 gathering.



this is troy petteway's o-200 powered kr2.  it will do 230 mph flat out, mostly because of attention to aerodynamic detail.  a careful study of this photo will show you how this plane differs from most other krs.  he is also flying the  new as504x airfoil. 

 


this is aussie allen buzza in his retractable kr2, flying formation with peter gilbert in his bd5 over fremantle harbor near perth.  



nasser's united arab emirates kr2.




john shaffer's "kr2ss" (super stretch) has retractable tri gear, and looks very sweet in flight.  this is his second kr, and like many others, has a lot of neat ideas implemented in this one.  there are more photos of it at 2004 mvn  kr gathering web page.






here's marty roberts, steve alderman, and jim faughn flying formation near the red oak iowa airport during the 2003 kr gathering.  there are lots more photos located on the 2003 kr gathering web page.



this is joe horton's airplane at sun n fun 2010.  steve glover sent this to me to show how much hotter joe's plane seemed to be that year...





this web site was established by mark langford in 1994, and was the very first site dealing with any of the kr series of aircraft, or even devoted to a particular experimental aircraft, for that matter.  please report broken links or offer constructive criticism to mark at krnet-owner@list.krnet.org .  



sorry if there aren't enough bells and whistles for you on this page.  i've tried to keep loading time to a minimum.  as a former 2400 modem user, i'm acutely aware of the price we pay loading so many superfluous images, fonts, audio, and video flotsam and jetsam that all too often replace plain text.  and while others are downloading annoying flashing banners and advertisements to you, i'm downloading helpful information for you.


thanks, mark langford, ml "at" n56ml.com







corvaircraft@list.corvaircraft.org. 



