



	rural retreats: over 920 idyllic holiday cottages in the uk





































01386 701177


    rural retreats










home


            search & book
        





all holiday cottages

                        areas of the uk




                        counties in this area



towns in this county




national parks & aonbs



nsew areas



border areas



popular
new properties

large properties
late availability
types of stay

dog friendly properties

view properties on a map





        inspiration




property features






inspiration






property type






activity


location specific


unique breaks




types of accommodation




offers & rewards

property special offers
low occupancy discounts
gift vouchers
e-newsletter
request a brochure


what's on  guide
let my property


let your property with us
why choose rural retreats?
marketing service
marketing and managed service
owner endorsements










shortlist
about
contact
our family
blog





01386 701177












"exceptional" rural retreats


                                            comfortable, stylish, full of character - search for the holiday home of your dreams in the uk & ireland
                                        





click here to see this 'weeks'special offers
click here to seethis weeksspecial offers







search village / area / property





arrival




-


departure






guests



guests



adults



children



infants



beds





dogs
1 dog
2 dogs
3 dogs
4+ dogs
no dogs allowed



search



view full list of locations |
                        view properties on a map



location shown:  nefyn beach, north wales











discover our new holiday cottages

explore our new properties








last minute short break stays

discover last minute short breaks for 2/3 nights








special offers

explore & save on your stay








dog friendly holiday cottages

search for properties








large holiday cottages for groups

search for properties








february half term holidays

search for properties














                why book with us?





local knowledge


our local, passionate team are experts on all things in the uk





local knowledge
our local, passionate team are experts on all things in the uk







handpicked diverse portfolio


we personally hand-pick only the best properties for our guests





handpicked diverse portfolio
we personally hand-pick only the best properties for our guests







exceptional customer service


we are proud that our service has been rated 4.7 out of 5 on feefo





exceptional customer service
we are proud that our service has been rated 4.7 out of 5 on feefo







out of hours support


need a hand? we're always available during your break





out of hours support
need a hand? we're always available during your break







flexible short breaks and arrival days


breaks of two or three nights are available at many of our properties





flexible short breaks and arrival days
breaks of two or three nights are available at many of our properties







personalised service and support


we're here to help you tailor your perfect holiday





personalised service and support
we're here to help you tailor your perfect holiday























rural retreats has been rated 

                        4.7 out of 5 based on 
                            11,127 customer reviews on 













our top pick of retreats
from charming, chocolate-box thatched cottages to luxury contemporary barn conversions, we've hand-picked the very best self-catering holiday cottages across the uk to bring you holiday memories to treasure.
our portfolio is made up of lovingly chosen holiday properties in some of the most spectacular parts of the uk, all beautifully decorated and bursting with features to make your next break extra special. so, whether you’re planning a summer holiday by the sea or a cosy winter escape in the country, you’re bound to find something that suits you.
with so many beautiful holiday properties to pick from, it can be hard to know where to start. from new arrivals to old favourites, romantic boltholes to dog-friendly retreats, take a look at just a few of our favourite uk self-catering holiday cottages here. alternatively, give our team a call and they’ll be glad to help you find your dream getaway.
















new





















view details





view all








luxury holiday cottages in beautiful locations



the rural retreats portfolio represents the best luxury self-catering holiday cottages across the uk. choose from over 800 elegant, hand-picked holiday homes, each one carefully selected to meet our high standards of comfort. 
holiday cottages with unique charm, elegance and character
what will be the setting for your next holiday? a grade ii listed building, beautifully refurbished to contemporary standards? somewhere truly remarkable, like a lighthouse keeper’s cottage? or an idyllic rural farm cottage with exposed beams, flagstone floors and a wood-burning stove? 
wherever you choose, with rural retreats you’ll be able to enjoy some of the best landscape that britain has to offer, from rolling coastline to areas of outstanding natural beauty. the standards of comfort and furnishings at our holiday cottages will be second-to-none, and the surroundings truly superb. 
a team you can depend on
our team of experts know all our luxury self-catering properties and can give you insightful advice to help you book your ideal holiday. from traditional holiday cottages to contemporary conversions, whatever holiday you are hoping for, give us a call on 01386 897605 or click on the live chat box for expert advice and help. 
dog-friendly holiday cottages
as dog-lovers ourselves, we know how important a four-legged-friend really is. we have over 450 dog-friendly self-catering properties, where you can all enjoy a comfortable and relaxing break in the heart of the british countryside. 
book your next cottage holiday today
our guiding philosophy is that your holiday is all about you. you deserve a relaxing break and a truly memorable experience. we’ll help you choose the ideal property and give you the very best service before and during your luxury self-catering cottage holiday.

read more 















rural retreats has been rated 

                        4.7 out of 5 based on 
                            11,127 customer reviews on 
















good experience booking our holiday with rural retreats, would recommend to anyone wanting a self catering break

17 february 2025




good selection of holiday properties with clear and accurate descriptions
good selection of holiday properties with clear and accurate descriptions. i found the website easy to use to find the right location and property for our break.

14 february 2025




we keep coming back!
gorgeous properties and rr extremely helpful the one and only time we had a problem.

13 february 2025




looking forward to our rural retreat
first time booking with rural retreats but they make the process very simple. their website described all the details clearly. additional questions were answered quickly by email in addition to the booking process, payment and confirmation. thank you to ella and abbey.

13 february 2025




would recommend
very east to book and any queries answered promptly.  a great selection of lovely cottages to choose from.

11 february 2025




wonderful customer care
very attentive easy to contact always on hand. found the perfect choices for my wish list.

07 february 2025










you will now be redirected
our partner company west bay cottages will complete your search.
continue to west bay cottages







sign up to our e-newsletter




title
mr
ms
mrs
miss
rev
fr
hon
rt hon
dr
prof
prof sir
sir
lady
dame
lord




first name



last name



email address

by submitting this form, you consent to receiving rural retreats' holiday offers, including rural retreats initial information, using the contact details as above. 

    this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.


submit


thank you for signing up to our e-newsletter mailing list
please allow up to 7 days before you receive your first e-newsletter. we hope you like receiving them.








	
                we are a part of a group of companies - find out more.
            

            copyright © 2025 rural retreats.
            
            company number: england & wales no. 2711772. vat registration number: 929143514.
        


quick links


your shortlist


new properties 

late availability 

dog friendly cottages

dog free properties 

types of stay 

our service 

become an affiliate 

damage waiver 

press & media 

sitemap 

careers 
owners login 
housekeepers login 
terms and conditions 
 privacy policy 
contact us


















01386 701177
office:monday to friday - 9am to 5:30pmsaturday - 9am to 5:30pmsunday - closed



enquiries@ruralretreats.co.uk 



                    rural retreats holidays ltdretreat housedraycott business parkdraycottgloucestershiregl56 9jyunited kingdom


























your 

clear all selectedshare this list
are you sure you want to clear your shortlist? confirm cancel





your shortlisted properties
there are currently no properties in your shortlist.

                    begin your search and when you find a property that you like click on the
                    
                    icon and your chosen property will then appear on this page for you to compare.

begin searching














sign up to our e-newsletter
before you go why not sign up to our e-newsletter mailing list to stay updated about new properties, offers and promotions?




title
mr
ms
mrs
miss
rev
fr
hon
rt hon
dr
prof
prof sir
sir
lady
dame
lord




first name



last name



email address



how did you find us
101 family holidays
101 holidays
101 honeymoons
360 voucher codes
albury & hall estate agents
bing
bookalighthouse.com
britain guide 2023
britain magazine - email
british travel journal
coast
cool stays
daily mail
discover britain - email
dogs today
e-newsletter
everystay.com
facebook
fe-wo-direkt.de
flipkey
friend/word of mouth
google search
holiday lettings
holiday property bond
homeaway
iknowuk
instagram
michael paul holidays
moreton in marsh show programme
moreton show 2021
mumsnet
my dog's life
national trust
other
other
owners direct
passpawt
previous customer
retreat news
sainsbury's
search engine
seasalt
stately holiday cottages
the game fair 
the green parent: family guide
the lifestyle
trinity house (lighthouse)
trip advisor
vrbo
you magazine
your dog holidays online


by submitting this form, you consent to receiving rural retreats' holiday offers, including rural retreats initial information, using the contact details as above. 

    this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.


yes, please sign me up!



thank you for signing up to our e-newsletter mailing list
please allow up to 7 days before you receive your first e-newsletter. we hope you like receiving them.


find your perfect getaway with any of our sister companies
explore our sister companies below and find your perfect getaway































