









stefan baumann, artist

























































 

 
















   



















about

about stefan baumann
contact
public tv

the grand view on public television
create® tv
list of programs on public television




gallery

portfolio by category
available original paintings
collector’s registry


blog
workshops

the grand view workshops

mount shasta plein air workshops
traveling to mt. shasta
syllabus
tuition & lodging
workshop supplies
what people have to say about the shasta workshop


bahamas plein air painting workshop
workshop in southern nevada, lake mead and vegas
register for a workshop
worldwide online personal coaching
what participants have to say
create a workshop or event in your area


instruction

patreon – stefan baumann on line experience
stefan’s podcast
videos & dvds
youtube lectures
art of painting posts
events


shop

new book! plein air field guide
auctions
videos & dvds
coaching
reverence catalog
where to buy supplies
stefan’s podcast
cart
checkout
my account


free ebook
coaching

how much does art coaching cost ?
private one on one coaching with stefan baumann
student testimonials
baumann coaching student art


 








select page


  
 



 



 












now available!!
visit the new book page







“river bandit” by stefan baumann
36″ x 24″ oil, 2017.







stefan baumann, artist, art instructor, and artist coach
welcomes you to
the grand view
a painter’s journey in america’s national parks and wilderness





free ebook – get your copy!



“the grand view ~ observations of art and nature” ebook
welcome to artist stefan baumann’s website! to thank you for visiting, we offer you a complimentary ebook written by stefan baumann. this free ebook is illustrated with baumann’s beautiful sketches and paintings! in addition, stefan has packed it with painting techniques and useful information you need to know about painting outdoors and in the studio.  click here to request your copy of stefan’s free ebook.
stefan’s new catalog, entitled, “reverence,” contains 130 pages with more than 50 paintings, descriptions and artist comments. “reverence” is now available to view and purchase under the shop menu tab.
 



art instruction



art instruction: classes, workshops & youtube videos
discover the secrets of painting with american master painter and pbs artist stefan baumann with expert art instruction! baumann teaches how to paint with a good composition and effective use of values, color and highlights. further, he shares his techniques for capturing the essence of light in landscapes.
find information about stefan baumann’s weekly classes, workshops and youtube videos under the instruction menu tab. most importantly, baumann teaches art classes in person. these classes take place in medford, oregon, as well as redding, mt. shasta, and san jose, california.
in addition, we recently added a supplies list under the shop menu tab. stefan baumann’s art instruction options are designed to suit a wide range of lifestyles, so schedule an appointment or register now! please call 1-800-511-1337.
 



art exhibitions and events



stefan’s new field guide to plein air painting
ready to ship sometime in july, stefan’s new book is available to pre-order now! click the image above to reserve your copy today!
stefan baumann’s ultimate field guide to plein air painting goes above and beyond to deliver real practices for skill-hungry students and experienced artists. more than 70 years of painting experience are at your fingertips through the fusion of stefan baumann and author and artist mairi budreau. they address the human part of being an artist; the drive, doubts, confidence, and inspiration. learn more…
eric rhoads, the publisher of pleinair magazine, says, “don’t walk to the cash register – run! then dig in because this guide is a ground-breaking, must-have, not just for new plein air painters, but for experienced ones as well.”
visit mairi’s website to purchase your field guide to plein air painting!



 









all content copyright ©2000–2025 stefan baumann  |  website by hannah west design



 




translate »

pin it on pinterest



























9












share this





facebook





twitter





pinterest





linkedin





like










 


























































