















homepage | the adjudication society







































































































      skip to main content
    




the adjudication society













homeaboutabout the societymembership benefitsregister for membershipregister for student membershipcommitteepast chairsadjudication society newsletterregionslondon regionnorth west regionnorthern irelandrepublic of irelandsouth west and wales regionyorkshire regionconstitutionaccounts and agmprivacy policyeventsforthcoming eventspast eventsdiversitydiversity in adjudication initiativeequal representation in adjudication pledgesignatories to the pledgesign the pledgewomen in adjudicationwomen in adjudication steering groupmember-onlywebinarsenglish, scottish & irish casesother casesarticlespapers and talksnewslettersresourcesadjudicator searchspotlighting adjudicatorsmentoringguidance notesuk linksanbsanbs – routes to paneloverseas linksconference packsphoto galleriesnews archiveadmin handbookmy accountsearch








linkedin






























































forthcoming events 




thursday, march 6, 2025
“it’s bias, jim – but not as we know it!”leedsan interactive session with a different perspective on a familiar topic
wednesday, march 19, 2025
insights from a party rep: strategy & lessons learnedonlinean interactive online lunchtime webinar
wednesday, april 2, 2025
“this house believes there should be more dispute avoidance boards and less statutory adjudication in public works’ contracts in the united kingdom”londonjoint meeting with the drbf.
thursday, april 3, 2025
biennial birmingham dinnerbirmingham
wednesday, april 9, 2025
adjudication case law update no.14onlinethis is an all-you-need-to-know update on recently decided adjudication and adjudication enforcement case law.





announcements 




saturday, february 1, 2025
two new webinar recordings available for membersrecordings from the recent adjudication case law update no.13, and adjudication panel mock interview are available for members.

wednesday, january 8, 2025
free membership for students!the society is delighted to be able to offer up to one year's free membership for students who are new members and who have at least six months left on their academic course.
wednesday, october 30, 2024
notice of the society's 2024 agmthe annual general meeting of the adjudication society will take place at 12.20pm on wednesday 20 november.
tuesday, october 15, 2024
result of honorary officer electionthe executive committee is pleased to confirm the result of the recent election for the honorary officers.






the societythe adjudication society is a not-for-profit society promoting resolution of construction disputes by means of adjudication. it currently has over 700 members.would you like to join? - more details.already a member? - log in here.need adjudication help?are you looking for adjudication help?search among our list of professionals.latest newsletterthe winter 2024 newsletter has been published and is available here.latest adjudication reportthe november 2024 report on construction is available online. the november 2023 adjudication society & king's college london report on construction is also available online. the november 2022 report is also available online.latest cases

wednesday, august 21, 2024
cno plant hire ltd v caldwell construction ltd
thursday, july 25, 2024
bell building limited v tclarke contracting limited
tuesday, july 16, 2024
henry construction projects ltd v promep ltd






























copyright © 2000-2025 the adjudication society. all rights reserved. in association with the dispute resolution board foundation, usa, and the major projects association, uk. contact | site map | privacy policy | feedback, suggestions and comments are welcome: please email our webmaster.















































