






























        aum - american utility management
    










 

|

close

 
















menu 

 home
 about aum

 our story
 client commitment
 career opportunities


 contact us
 news
 residents
 property managers
 log in















utility management & energy services 
learn how we can lower your utility costs


















american utility management

now part of the realpage® family 

 
utility and energy costs are the third largest expense for  property owners and the ability to understand and effectively control these costs is critical to increasing net operating income.  aum is the only utility management and energy services company providing a complete solution.  we know that no two companies are alike and we partner with our clients to develop customized software and service-based solutions that meet the needs of their diverse portfolios.  to lower your utility costs, we’ll help you:

maximize cost recovery
reduce energy usage and expense
save time and resources


                                                    get the tools you need to manage your utilities more effectively






                                                aum is the one company that provides in-house  resident services,
                                                invoice processing and
                                                energy management to help you save money. 
                                            











resident services

recover utility costs and encourage residents to use utilities more responsibly.  you’ll save hundreds of hours of billing and collections work.


 







invoice processing


                                                        save time and money by letting us process and pay your invoices. our extensive validation system will ensure data accuracy and we'll reduce disconnects and late fees.



 









 energy management

reduce energy usage and expense.  our in-house energy team will analyze your utility consumption and identify ways for you to improve efficiency.
 








the aum advantage
here’s how our competitive advantage gives you a competitive advantage.








industry-leading invoice processing & payment platform that saves you time and money



    













          



























     



about aum  |  residents 
                                         |  contact us  |  
                                        log in 






















©2024 realpage, inc. privacy policy  site terms | dmca/infringement notice














