




gis software for mapping and spatial analytics | esri


















































































gis software for mapping and spatial analytics | esri


















where mapping meets ai
organizations are integrating location analytics and machine learning to fuel innovation, make predictions, and accelerate real-time insight.





learn more about ai





























esri builds arcgis, the world’s leading gis mapping software.


















about esri
get to know the innovative software company behind arcgis





















arcgis overview
learn about esri’s comprehensive geospatial platform





















what is gis?
discover geographic information system (gis) technology












previous
next




















who uses esri technology?
leading organizations in virtually every field use esri technology to support daily operations and guide long-term strategies. explore stories of organizations innovating with arcgis.














city of prague
prorail
marriott international














urban planning and development
	
city of prague fights extreme heat with geospatial technology
in prague, planners use modern mapping tools to assess vulnerability to climate change and mitigate against extreme heat events. a 3d geospatial digital twin of development projects and microclimates helps them understand where to act. for example, they use arcgis to identify areas where adding green spaces can help offset higher temperatures.







read the story






























transportation and logistics
	
prorail plans for the next generation of rail infrastructure
rail passengers in the netherlands are expected to increase 30 percent by 2030, but there’s no open space to build new lines. to prepare for the next generation of riders, prorail, the dutch government organization that manages the nation’s rail infrastructure, used esri software to accommodate millions of new passengers without adding a single track.







read the story





























risk analytics and mitigation
	
marriott international maps risk to inform operations
executives at marriott international are monitoring risk with real-time maps of company assets worldwide. they can assess climate risks, public health threats, crime trends, and geopolitical events to inform global operations, investments, and site selection.







read the story






































trending insights on the power of gis technology

















		public safety
	
collaborating with gis to reopen the key bridge
read article in the esri blog




animation of containers being loaded at a port such as baltimore, which couldn’t operate during the key bridge collapse




















		data & ai
	
driving efficient operations at bp bioenergy
read article in esri's wherenext magazine






















		infrastructure
	
modernizing transit in brisbane with digital twins
play episode from esri's podcast












previous
next


















new and newsworthy
product releases, upcoming events, partnerships, and more from esri

















		product feature
	
get started quickly with world-class gis
arcgis online is a secure and scalable saas for mapping and analysis workflows






















		partnership
	
esri and autodesk
learn about new integrations that bring spatial context into design






















		february 24–26, 2025
	
connect with thought leaders in government
registration is open for the esri federal gis conference in washington, dc






















		free course
	
learn how to drive climate action with gis
led by esri’s chief scientist and other visionaries, this mooc begins in february 2025






















		partnership
	
esri and microsoft
esri provides leading spatial analytics capabilities in microsoft fabric












previous
next

















opens in new window










