



g&s metal products company, inc.















 






























 








g&s metal products company, inc. 


home
our products

e-z baker®
bakereze®
ovenstuff®
probake®
elements
signature™
grill sensations™
ez handy helpers™ household gadgets


in the kitchen

recipes

feathery fudge cupcakes
chocolate marble cake
chocolate swirl brownies
one pan gourmet beef roast




about us

frequently asked questions
customer service
coil coating
additional information


careers
contact us
since 1949, g&s has strived to make the most economical, and reliable product, with the least impact on the environment as possible. most of our bakeware is made from steel, and is coated with a process called “coil coating.” steel is the most recycled material in the … learn morecorporate sales support - emphasizing customer service, a g&s sales and service team will be specifically assigned to your account. the company is committed to understanding and helping support your business with the highest degree of priority and … learn moresince 1949, g&s has grown to become the largest producer of metal bakeware in the united states. g&s manufactures a superior product line of bakeware pans and distributes kitchen gadgets and accessories from all over the world at highly competitive prices.

today, … learn moreour company was founded on the basic principle that delivering a quality product at a reasonable price and in a timely manner is not simply the best way, but the only way to conduct our business.

over the years our company has evolved from a manufacturer of a single … learn moreg & s prides itself on being a vertically integrated company.

we start by purchasing our main raw material, steel, from the nation’s largest and best steel mills. then we move the steel to our own coil coating operation in our hamden, connecticut facility. after … learn morefor over 70 years, g & s has built itself on giving the customer what they want and need. our philosophy has been working with our many customers’ associates and defining with them how to maximize and grow sales and profits. as a privately held company, we are able to … learn moresearchsearch
the g&s advantage
supply chain
corporate philosophy
careers
additional information

about us
coil coating
customer service
sustainability
terms and conditions

return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 g&s metal products company, inc.  



 

close
 
 





















